[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 231 the table, but her husband returning backe, knoekt at the doore. The woman hearing this was amazed, and knew not what to doe with her old lover but lookin° on her apron strings, she straight found as women use to doe a trick to put herself free from this feare for shee put her lover under the bed, the capon and bread she put under a tub, the bottle of wine shee put behinde the chest, and then she did open the doore, and with a dissembling kisse welcomed her husband home, asking him the reason why that he returned so quickly. He told her, that hee had forgot the money that he should have carried with him, but on the morrow betimes hee would be gone. Mdes saw and heard all this and having a desire to taste of the capon and the wine, called the goodman. He asked his wife who that was ? She told him, an acquaintance of his, that intreated lodging there that night. He bid her open the door, which she did, and let Mdes out. Hee seeing Miles there, bid him welcome, and bade his wife to set them some meate ou the table she told him that there was not any ready, but prayed him to kepe his stomacke till morrow, and then she would provide them a good breakefast. Since it is so Miles said the goodman wee must rest con tented, and sleepe out our hunger. Nay stay said Miles, if that you can eate, I can find you good meat I am a schoUer, and have some art. I would faine see it said the goodman Tou shall quoth Miles, and that presently. With that Miles pulled forth a booke out of bis bosome, and began his coniuration in this fashion 
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 231 the table, but her husband returning backe, knoekt at the doore. The woman hearing this was amazed, and knew not what to doe with her old lover but lookin° on her apron strings, she straight found as women use to doe a trick to put herself free from this feare for shee put her lover under the bed, the capon and bread she put under a tub, the bottle of wine shee put behinde the chest, and then she did open the doore, and with a dissembling kisse welcomed her husband home, asking him the reason why that he returned so quickly. He told her, that hee had forgot the money that he should have carried with him, but on the morrow betimes hee would be gone. M@des saw and heard all this and having a desire to taste of the capon and the wine, called the goodman. He asked his wife who that was ? She told him, an acquaintance of his, that intreated lodging there that night. He bid her open the door, which she did, and let M@des out. Hee seeing Miles there, bid him welcome, and bade his wife to set them some meate ou the table she told him that there was not any ready, but prayed him to kepe his stomacke till morrow, and then she would provide them a good breakefast. Since it is so Miles said the goodman wee must rest con tented, and sleepe out our hunger. Nay stay said Miles, if that you can eate, I can find you good meat I am a scho@Uer, and have some art. I would faine see it said the goodman Tou shall quoth Miles, and that presently. With that Miles pulled forth a booke out of bis bosome, and began his coniuration in this fashion 
[ GS_aligned] ####################### table, but her husband returning backe, knockt at the doore. The woman hearing this was amazed, and knew not what to doe with her old lover but looking on her apron strings, she straight found as women use to doe a trick to put herself free from this feare for shee put her lover under the bed, the capon and bread she put under a tub, the bottle of wine shee put behinde the chest, and then she did open the doore, and with a dissembling kisse welcomed her husband home, asking him the reason why that he returned so quickly. He told her, that hee had forgot the money that he should have carried with him, but on the morrow betimes hee would be gone. Miles saw and heard all this and having a desire to taste of the capon and the wine, called the goodman. He asked his wife who that was ? She told him, an acquaintance of his, that intreated lodging there that night. He bid her open the door, which she did, and let Miles out. Hee seeing Miles there, bid him welcome, and bade his wife to set them some meate on the table she told him that there was not any ready, but prayed him to kepe his stomacke till morrow, and then she would provide them a good breakefast. Since it is so Miles said the goodman wee must rest con-tented, and sleepe out our hunger. Nay stay said Miles, if that you can eate, I can find you good meat I am a scholler, and have some art. I would faine see it said the goodman Tou shall quoth Miles, and@that presently. With that Miles pulled forth a booke out of his bosome, and began his coniuration in this fashion 