[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 235 brought me all that you have had now bee as good as your word and swaddle him soundly. I protest said the goodman your Devill is as like Goodman Stunipe the tooth-drawer, as a pomewater is Hke an apple is it possible that your spirits can take other mens shapes He teach this to keepe bis owne shape with that hee beat the old man soundly, so that Mdes was faine to take him off, and put the old man out of doore, so after some laughing, to bed they all went but the woman could not sleepe for griefe, that her old lover had had such bad usage for her sake. How Fryer Bacon did helpe a young man to his Sweet-heart, which Fryer Bungye would have married to another and of the mirth that was at the wedding. An Oxfordshire gentleman had long time loved a faire mayde, called Millisant this love of his was as kindly re ceived of her, as it was freely given of him, so that there wanted nothing to the finishing of their ioyes, but the consent of her father, who would not grant that she should bee his wife though formerly he had been a meanes to further the match by reason there was a knif lit that was a suitor to her, and did desire that hee might have her to his wife but this knight could never get from her the least token of good wil so surely was her love fixed upon the gentleman. This knight seeing himselfe thus despised, went to Fryer Bungye, and told him bis mind, and did promise him a good piece of
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 235 brought me all that you have had now bee as good as your word and swaddle him soundly. I protest said the goodman your Devill is as like Goodman Stunipe the tooth-drawer, as a pomewater is @Hke an apple is it possible that your spirits can take other mens shapes @He teach this to keepe bis owne shape with that hee beat the old man soundly, so that M@des was faine to take him off, and put the old man out of doore, so after some laughing, to bed they all went but the woman could not sleepe for griefe, that her old lover had had such bad usage for her sake. How Fryer Bacon did helpe a young man to his Sweet-heart, which Fryer Bungye would have married to another and of the mirth that was at the wedding. An Oxfordshire gentleman had long time loved a faire mayde, called Millisant this love of his was as kindly re ceived of her, as it was freely given of him, so that there wanted nothing to the finishing of their ioyes, but the consent of her father, who would not grant that she should bee his wife though formerly he had been a meanes to further the match by reason there was a knif lit that was a suitor to her, and did desire that hee might have her to his wife but this knight could never get from her the least token of good wil so surely was her love fixed upon the gentleman. This knight seeing himselfe thus despised, went to Fryer Bungye, and told him bis mind, and did promise him a good piece of
[ GS_aligned] ########################### me all that you have had now bee as good as your word and swaddle him soundly. I protest said the goodman your Devill is as like Goodman Stu@mpe the tooth-drawer, as a pomewater is like an apple is it possible that your spirits can take other mens shapes Ile teach this to keepe his owne shape with that hee beat the old man soundly, so that Miles was faine to take him off, and put the old man out of doore, so after some laughing, to bed they all went but the woman could not sleepe for griefe, that her old lover had had such bad usage for her sake. How Fryer Bacon did helpe a young man to his Sweet-heart, which Fryer Bungye would have married to another and of the mirth that was at the wedding. AN Oxfordshire gentleman had long time loved a faire mayde, called Millisant this love of his was as kindly re-ceived of her, as it was freely given of him, so that there wanted nothing to the finishing of their ioyes, but the consent of her father, who would not grant that she should bee his wife though formerly he had been a meanes to farther the match by reason there was a kni@@ght that was a suitor to her, and did desire that hee might have her to his wife but this knight could never get from her the least token of good wil so surely was her love fixed upon the gentleman. This knight seeing himselfe thus despised, went to Fryer Bungye, and told him his mind, and did promise him a good piece of