[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 237 within fifty miles space that they desired so soone as he looked in the glasse, hee saw his love MilHsant with her father, and the knight, ready to be married by Fryer Bungye at the sight of this hee cryed out that he was undone, for now should he lose his Hfe in losing of his love. Fryer Bacon bids him take comfort, for he would prevent the marriage so taking this gentleman in his armes, he set himselfe downe in an enchanted chaire, and suddenly they were carried through the ayre to the chappeU. Just as they came in, Fryer Bungye was ioyning their bands to marry them but Fryer Bacon spoyled his speech, for he strucke him dumbe, so that he could not speake a worde. Then raised he a myst in the chapped, so that neither the father could see his daughter, nor the daughter her father, nor the knight either of them. Then tooke he Mdlisant by the hand, and led her to the man she most desired they both wept for ioy, that they so happdy once more had met, and kindly thanked Fryer Bacon. It greatly pleased Fryer Bacon to see the passion of these two lovers, and seeing them both contented, he marryed them at the chappeU doore, whilest her father, the knight, and Fryer Bungye went groping within, and could not find the way out. Now when he had married them, he bid them get lodging at the next vdlage, and he would send his man with money for the gentleman was not stored, and he had a great way to his house they did as he bad them. That night hee sent his man Mdes with money to them but he kept her father, the
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 237 within fifty miles space that they desired so soone as he looked in the glasse, hee saw his love Mi@lHsant with her father, and the knight, ready to be married by Fryer Bungye at the sight of this hee cryed out that he was undone, for now should he lose his @Hfe in losing of his love. Fryer Bacon bids him take comfort, for he would prevent the marriage so taking this gentleman in his armes, he set himselfe downe in an enchanted chaire, and suddenly they were carried through the ayre to the chappe@U. Just as they came in, Fryer Bungye was ioyning their bands to marry them but Fryer Bacon spoyled his speech, for he strucke him dumbe, so that he could not speake a worde. Then raised he a myst in the chappe@d, so that neither the father could see his daughter, nor the daughter her father, nor the knight either of them. Then tooke he M@dlisant by the hand, and led her to the man she most desired they both wept for ioy, that they so happ@dy once more had met, and kindly thanked Fryer Bacon. It greatly pleased Fryer Bacon to see the passion of these two lovers, and seeing them both contented, he marryed them at the chappe@U doore, whilest her father, the knight, and Fryer Bungye went groping within, and could not find the way out. Now when he had married them, he bid them get lodging at the next v@dlage, and he would send his man with money for the gentleman was not stored, and he had a great way to his house they did as he bad them. That night hee sent his man M@des with money to them but he kept her father, the
[ GS_aligned] ########################## fifty miles space that they desired so soone as he looked in the glasse, hee saw his love Millisant with her father, and the knight, ready to be married by Fryer Bungye at the sight of this hee cryed out that he was undone, for now should he lose his life in losing of his love. Fryer Bacon bids him take comfort, for he would prevent the marriage so taking this gentleman in his armes, he set himselfe downe in an enchanted chaire, and suddenly they were carried through the ayre to the chappell. Just as they came in, Fryer Bungye was ioyning their hands to marry them but Fryer Bacon spoyled his speech, for he strucke him dumbe, so that he could not speake a worde. Then raised he a myst in the chappell, so that neither the father could see his daughter, nor the daughter her father, nor the knight either of them. Then tooke he Millisant by the hand, and led her to the man she most desired they both wept for ioy, that they so happily once more had met, and kindly thanked Fryer Bacon. It greatly pleased Fryer Bacon to see the passion of these two lovers, and seeing them both contented, he marryed them at the chappell doore, whilest her father, the knight, and Fryer Bungye went groping within, and could not find the way out. Now when he had married them, he bid them get lodging at the next village, and he would send his man with money for the gentleman was not stored, and he had a great way to his house they did as he bad them. That night hee sent his man Miles with money to them but he kept her father, the