[OCR_toInput] 238 THE FAMOUS HISTORY knight, and Fryer Bungey till the next day at noon in the chappell, ere he released them. The gentleman and his new married wife made that night a great supper for ioy of their marriage, and bid to it most of the village they wanted nothing but musicke, for which they made great moane. This want, Fryer Bacon though he was absent supplied for after supper there came such a maske, that the like was never seene in that village for first, there was heard most sweet still musicke, then wind musicke then came three apes, and three monkeys, each of them carrying a torch after them followed sixe apes and monkeys more, all dressed in anticke coats these last sixe fed a dancing in such an odde manner, that they moved all the beholders to much laughter so after divers antick changes, they did reverence to the bridegroome and bride, and so departed in order as they came in. They all did marveU from whence these should come but the bridegroome knew that it was Fryer Bacons art that gave them this grace to their wedding. When all was done, to bed they went, and enioyed their wishes. The next daye he went home to his owne house with his bride and for the cost he had bestowed on them, most part of the townes-folke brought them on their way. Miles made one amongst them too he for his masters sake was so plyed with cups, that he in three dayes was scarce sober for his welcome, at his departure he gave them this song to the tune of, I have been a fiddler, c.
[OCR_aligned] 238 THE FAMOUS HISTORY knight, and Fryer Bungey till the next day at noon in the chappell, ere he released them. The gentleman and his new married wife made that night a great supper for ioy of their marriage, and bid to it most of the village they wanted nothing but musicke, for which they made great moane. This want, Fryer Bacon though he was absent supplied for after supper there came such a maske, that the like was never seene in that village for first, there was heard most sweet still musicke, then wind musicke then came three apes, and three monkeys, each of them carrying a torch after them followed sixe apes and monkeys more, all dressed in anticke coats these last sixe fe@d a dancing in such an odde manner, that they moved all the beholders to much laughter so after divers antick changes, they did reverence to the bridegroome and bride, and so departed in order as they came in. They all did marve@U from whence these should come but the bridegroome knew that it was Fryer Bacons art that gave them this grace to their wedding. When all was done, to bed they went, and enioyed their wishes. The next daye he went home to his owne house with his bride and for the cost he had bestowed on them, most part of the townes-folke brought them on their way. Miles made one amongst them too he for his masters sake was so plyed with cups, that he in three dayes was scarce sober for his welcome, at his departure he gave them this song to the tune of, I have been a fiddler, c.
[ GS_aligned] ############################## and Fryer Bungey till the next day at noon in the chappell, ere he released them. The gentleman and his new married wife made that night a great supper for ioy of their marriage, and bid to it most of the village they wanted nothing but musicke, for which they made great moane. This want, Fryer Bacon though he was absent supplied for after supper there came such a maske, that the like was never seene in that village for first, there was heard most sweet still musicke, then wind musicke then came three apes, and three monkeys, each of them carrying a torch after them followed sixe apes and monkeys more, all dressed in anticke coats these last sixe fell a dancing in such an odde manner, that they moved all the beholders to much laughter so after divers antick changes, they did reverence to the bridegroome and bride, and so departed in order as they came in. They all did marvell from whence these should come but the bridegroome knew that it was Fryer Bacons art that gave them this grace to their wedding. When all was done, to bed they went, and enioyed their wishes. The next daye he went home to his owne house with his bride and for the cost he had bestowed on them, most part of the townes-folke brought them on their way. Miles made one amongst them too he for his masters sake was so plyed with cups, that he in three dayes was scarce sober for his welcome, at his departure he gave them this song to the tune of, I have been a fiddler, c.