[OCR_toInput] 242 the famous history vexed as before, for he could not tell the way home, but was glad to keepe himselfe in heat that night with walking. Next day be coming to his inne, Fryer Bungye asked him how he did Hke his wench ? he said, so weU, that he wished him such another. Bungye told him, that his order did forbid him the use of any, and therefore he might keepe them for his friends Thus did they continuaUy vexe each other, both in words, and ill actions. Vandermast desiring to do Fryer Bungey a mischiefe, did challenge him to the field not to fight at sword and dagger, single rapier, or case of poinyards, but at worser weapons farre, it was at that diabolical art of magicke there to shew which of them was most cunning, or had most power over the Devill Bungye accepted of his challenge, and both provided themselves of things belonging to the art, and to the field they went. There they both spred their circles some hundred foot from one another and after some other ceremonies did Vandermast begin hee by his charmes did raise up a fiery dragon, which did runne about Fryer Bungyes circle, and did scorch him with his heat so that he was almost ready to melt. Fryer Bungye tormented Van dermast in another element for he raised up the sea monster that Perseus killed, when he did redeem the faire Andromeda. This sea-monster did run about Van dermast, and such flouds of water did he send out of his wide mouth, that Vandermast was almost drowned. Tlieu did Fryer Bungye raise a spirit up Hke saint
[OCR_aligned] 242 the famous history vexed as before, for he could not tell the way home, but was glad to keepe himselfe in heat that night with walking. Next day be coming to his inne, Fryer Bungye asked him how he did @Hke his wench ? he said, so we@U, that he wished him such another. Bungye told him, that his order did forbid him the use of any, and therefore he might keepe them for his friends Thus did they continua@Uy vexe each other, both in words, and ill actions. Vandermast desiring to do Fryer Bungey a mischiefe, did challenge him to the field not to fight at sword and dagger, single rapier, or case of poinyards, but at worser weapons farre, it was at that diabolical art of magicke there to shew which of them was most cunning, or had most power over the Devill Bungye accepted of his challenge, and both provided themselves of things belonging to the art, and to the field they went. There they both spred their circles some hundred foot from one another and after some other ceremonies did Vandermast begin hee by his charmes did raise up a fiery dragon, which did runne about Fryer Bungyes circle, and did scorch him with his heat so that he was almost ready to melt. Fryer Bungye tormented Van dermast in another element for he raised up the sea monster that Perseus killed, when he did redeem the faire Andromeda. This sea-monster did run about Van dermast, and such flouds of water did he send out of his wide mouth, that Vandermast was almost drowned. Tlieu did Fryer Bungye raise a spirit up @Hke saint
[ GS_aligned] ############################ as before, for he could not tell the way home, but was glad to keepe himselfe in heat that night with walking. Next day he coming to his inne, Fryer Bungye asked him how he did like his wench ? he said, so well, that he wished him such another. Bungye told him, that his order did forbid him the use of any, and therefore he might keepe them for his friends Thus did they continually vexe each other, both in words, and ill actions. Vandermast desiring to do Fryer Bungey a mischiefe, did challenge him to the field not to fight at sword and dagger, single rapier, or case of poinyards, but at worser weapons farre, it was at that diabolical art of magicke there to shew which of them was most cunning, or had most power over the Devill Bungye accepted of his challenge, and both provided themselves of things belonging to the art, and to the field they went. There they both spred their circles some hundred foot from one another and after some other ceremonies did Vandermast begin hee by his charmes did raise up a fiery dragon, which did runne about Fryer Bungyes circle, and did scorch him with his heat so that he was almost ready to melt. Fryer Bungye tormented Van-dermast in another element for he raised up the sea-monster that Perseus killed, when he did redeem the faire Andromeda. This sea-monster did run about Van-dermast, and such flouds of water did he send out of his wide mouth, that Vandermast was almost drowned. T@hen did Fryer Bungye raise a spirit up like saint