[OCR_toInput] 247 OF FRYER BACON. told the other young man, this his father had received wrong. He answered againe, that it was faire. At last there grew such foule words betweenc them, and their bloods were so heated, that they presently stabbed one the other with their daggers, and so fell downe dead. Fryer Bacon seeing them fall, ranne to them, but it was too late, for they were breathlesse ere he came. This made him to grieve exceedingly be iudging that they had received the cause of their deaths by this glasse, tooke the glasse in his hand, aud uttered words to this effect Wretched Bacon, wretched in thy knowledge, in thy understanding wretched for thy art hath beene the ruine of these two gentlemen. Had I been busied in those holy things, the which mine order tyes me to, I had not had that time that made this wicked glasse wicked I weU may cad it, that is the causer of so vde an act would it were sensible, then should it feele my wrath but being as it is, He ruin it for ruining of them and with that he broke his rare and wonderftdl glasse, whose Hke the whole world had not. In this grief of his, came there newes to him of the deaths of Vandermast and Fryer Bungey This did increase his griefe, and made him sorrowfull, that in three days he would not eate any thing but kept his chamber.
[OCR_aligned] 247 OF FRYER BACON. told the other young man, this his father had received wrong. He answered againe, that it was faire. At last there grew such foule words betweenc them, and their bloods were so heated, that they presently stabbed one the other with their daggers, and so fell downe dead. Fryer Bacon seeing them fall, ranne to them, but it was too late, for they were breathlesse ere he came. This made him to grieve exceedingly be iudging that they had received the cause of their deaths by this glasse, tooke the glasse in his hand, aud uttered words to this effect Wretched Bacon, wretched in thy knowledge, in thy understanding wretched for thy art hath beene the ruine of these two gentlemen. Had I been busied in those holy things, the which mine order tyes me to, I had not had that time that made this wicked glasse wicked I we@U may ca@d it, that is the causer of so v@de an act would it were sensible, then should it feele my wrath but being as it is, @He ruin it for ruining of them and with that he broke his rare and wonderftdl glasse, whose @Hke the whole world had not. In this grief of his, came there newes to him of the deaths of Vandermast and Fryer Bungey This did increase his griefe, and made him sorrowfull, that in three days he would not eate any thing but kept his chamber.
[ GS_aligned] ######################## the other young man, this his father had received wrong. He answered againe, that it was faire. At last there grew such foule words betweene them, and their bloods were so heated, that they presently stabbed one the other with their daggers, and so fell downe dead. Fryer Bacon seeing them fall, ranne to them, but it was too late, for they were breathlesse ere he came. This made him to grieve exceedingly he iudging that they had received the cause of their deaths by this glasse, tooke the glasse in his hand, and uttered words to this effect Wretched Bacon, wretched in thy knowledge, in thy understanding wretched for thy art hath beene the ruine of these two gentlemen. Had I been busied in those holy things, the which mine order tyes me to, I had not had that time that made this wicked glasse wicked I well may call it, that is the causer of so vile an act would it were sensible, then should it feele my wrath but being as it is, Ile ruin it for ruining of them and with that he broke his rare and wonderfull glasse, whose like the whole world had not. In this grief of his, came there newes to him of the deaths of Vandermast and Fryer Bungey This did increase his griefe, and made him sorrowfull, that in three days he would not eate any thing but kept his chamber.