[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 249 my studies have found the secrets of the starres the bookes that I have made of them, doe serve for presi dents to our greatest doctors, so excellent hath my judgment beene therein. I Hkewisehave found out the secrets of trees, plants and stones, with their ' several uses yet aU this knowledge of mine I esteeme so lightly, that I wish that I were ignorant, and knew nothing for the knowledge of these things, as I have truly found serveth not to better a man in goodnesse, but onely to make him proud and thinke too well of himselfe. What hath all my knowledge of natures secrets gained me ? Onely this, the losse of a better knowledge, the losse of divine studies, which makes the immortaU part of man his soule blessed. I have found, that my knowledge has beene. a heavy burden, and has kept downe my good thoughts but I will remove the cause, which are these bookes which I doe purpose here before you all to burne. They all intreated him to spare the bookes, because in them there were those things that after-ages might receive great benefit by. He would not hearken unto them, but threw them all into the fire, and in that flame burnt the greatest learning in the world. Then did he dispose of aH his goods some part he gave to poor schollers, and some he gave to other poore folkes nothing left he for him selfe then caused he to be made in the church-waU a cell, where he locked himselfe in, and there remained tiU his death. His time hee spent in prayer, medita tion, and such divine exercises, and did seeke by aU
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 249 my studies have found the secrets of the starres the bookes that I have made of them, doe serve for presi dents to our greatest doctors, so excellent hath my judgment beene therein. I @Hkewisehave found out the secrets of trees, plants and stones, with their ' several uses yet a@U this knowledge of mine I esteeme so lightly, that I wish that I were ignorant, and knew nothing for the knowledge of these things, as I have truly found serveth not to better a man in goodnesse, but onely to make him proud and thinke too well of himselfe. What hath all my knowledge of natures secrets gained me ? Onely this, the losse of a better knowledge, the losse of divine studies, which makes the immorta@U part of man his soule blessed. I have found, that my knowledge has beene. a heavy burden, and has kept downe my good thoughts but I will remove the cause, which are these bookes which I doe purpose here before you all to burne. They all intreated him to spare the bookes, because in them there were those things that after-ages might receive great benefit by. He would not hearken unto them, but threw them all into the fire, and in that flame burnt the greatest learning in the world. Then did he dispose of a@H his goods some part he gave to poor schollers, and some he gave to other poore folkes nothing left he for him selfe then caused he to be made in the church-wa@U a cell, where he locked himselfe in, and there remained ti@U his death. His time hee spent in prayer, medita tion, and such divine exercises, and did seeke by aU
[ GS_aligned] ###################### studies have found the secrets of the starres the bookes that I have made of them, doe serve for presi-dents to our greatest doctors, so excellent hath my judgment beene therein. I likewisehave found out the secrets of trees, plants and stones, with their @@several uses yet all this knowledge of mine I esteeme so lightly, that I wish that I were ignorant, and knew nothing for the knowledge of these things, as I have truly found serveth not to better a man in goodnesse, but onely to make him proud and thinke too well of himselfe. What hath all my knowledge of natures secrets gained me ? Onely this, the losse of a better knowledge, the losse of divine studies, which makes the immortall part of man his soule blessed. I have found, that my knowledge has beene. a heavy burden, and has kept downe my good thoughts but I will remove the cause, which are these bookes which I doe purpose here before you all to burne. They all intreated him to spare the bookes, because in them there were those things that after-ages might receive great benefit by. He would not hearken unto them, but threw them all into the fire, and in that flame burnt the greatest learning in the world. Then did he dispose of all his goods some part he gave to poor schollers, and some he gave to other poore folkes nothing left he for him-selfe then caused he to be made in the church-wall a cell, where he locked himselfe in, and there remained till his death. His time hee spent in prayer, medita-tion, and such divine exercises, and did seeke by ##