[OCR_toInput] FRIER RUSH. The Pleasant History of Frier Bush is a book of great rarity, and was by Ritson ranked as a deside ratum in the dlustration of English Romance two copies of it were, however, known to exist, when this CoUection was printed in 1828 one in the pos session of the Marquis of Stafford, and a second the property of Mr. Heber, from which latter a Hmited reprint was made in 1810. Although the earliest English version of Friar Rush, which is at present known, bears date only in 1620, it was most probably printed at a much earlier period, and a translation from the German, possibly from the low German version presently to be described. The story of Friar Rush is to be found in a metrical form in German at a very early date. In 1515 it was printed at Strasburgh. It was afterwards pubhshed at Nurenburg by Valentin Newber, whose edition however bears no date, but was probably printed between 1550 and 1560, a period during which other works were issued from the same press. There is also a third German edition, printed at Magdeburg
[OCR_aligned] FRIER RUSH. The Pleasant History of Frier Bush is a book of great rarity, and was by Ritson ranked as a deside ratum in the @dlustration of English Romance two copies of it were, however, known to exist, when this Co@Uection was printed in 1828 one in the pos session of the Marquis of Stafford, and a second the property of Mr. Heber, from which latter a @Hmited reprint was made in 1810. Although the earliest English version of Friar Rush, which is at present known, bears date only in 1620, it was most probably printed at a much earlier period, and a translation from the German, possibly from the low German version presently to be described. The story of Friar Rush is to be found in a metrical form in German at a very early date. In 1515 it was printed at Strasburgh. It was afterwards pub@hshed at Nurenburg by Valentin Newber, whose edition however bears no date, but was probably printed between 1550 and 1560, a period during which other works were issued from the same press. There is also a third German edition, printed at Magdeburg
[ GS_aligned] FRIER RUSH. The Pleasant History of Frier Rush is a book of great rarity, and was by Ritson ranked as a deside-ratum in the illustration of English Romance two copies of it were, however, known to exist, when this Collection was printed in 1828 one in the pos-session of the Marquis of Stafford, and a second the property of Mr. Heber, from which latter a limited reprint was made in 1810. Although the earliest English version of Friar Rush, which is at present known, bears date only in 1620, it was most probably printed at a much earlier period, and a translation from the German, possibly from the low German version presently to be described. The story of Friar Rush is to be found in a metrical form in German at a very early date. In 1515 it was printed at Strasburgh. It was afterwards published at Nurenburg by Valentin Newber, whose edition however bears no date, but was probably printed between 1550 and 1560, a period during which other works were issued from the same press. There is also a third German edition, printed at Magdeburg