[OCR_toInput] 256 PREFACE. specimens of a Danish Poem on the subject, and also the following popular tradition. BROTHER RUSH. It is related that when the Devil once upon a time saw how piously and virtuously the Monks lived in the Monastery of Esrom, he took upon himself the shape of a man, and went to the gate and knocked at it, for to be let in, saying that his name was Rush. Then he gave himself out that he was a Cooks-boy and was received as such by the Abbot. But when he was once by himself with the Master Cook he set himself up against him and got himself therefore punishment at this he was sore displeased, and as he had previously a caiddron with water over the fire, and he now perceived that it boiled, he took with all his might the Master Cook and placing him head downwards in it, began thereupon to run about and to cry, lamenting the misfortune as if it had happened to his master in cooking. Thus he cheated in this manner with falsehood all the brothers in the cloister, that they thought him altogether free, and he was now appointed by them the Master Cook. But it was what he had strived after, in order that he might afterwards deprave them altogether for now he cooked the meat so unctuously and lickerishly, that the monks neglected fasts and prayers, and gave themselves to feasting. Nay it is said also, that he brought women into the Monastery, and came thereby much in the Abbot's favor, so that he at last caused him to become a Brother, because he well desired con stantly to have such a cook at hand. From that time strife and malice prevailed so severely in the Monastery, that it had surely come in the power of the Evil One, if none of the Brethren had repented in time. For instance - Once Brother Rush was in the wood, and having there seen a beautiful fat cow - he slew it and took himself one quarter with him to the Monastery, but hung up the rest on a tree in the forest. Then presently came by
[OCR_aligned] 256 PREFACE. specimens of a Danish Poem on the subject, and also the following popular tradition. BROTHER RUSH. It is related that when the Devil once upon a time saw how piously and virtuously the Monks lived in the Monastery of Esrom, he took upon himself the shape of a man, and went to the gate and knocked at it, for to be let in, saying that his name was Rush. Then he gave himself out that he was a Cooks-boy and was received as such by the Abbot. But when he was once by himself with the Master Cook he set himself up against him and got himself therefore punishment at this he was sore displeased, and as he had previously a caiddron with water over the fire, and he now perceived that it boiled, he took with all his might the Master Cook and placing him head downwards in it, began thereupon to run about and to cry, lamenting the misfortune as if it had happened to his master in cooking. Thus he cheated in this manner with falsehood all the brothers in the cloister, that they thought him altogether free, and he was now appointed by them the Master Cook. But it was what he had strived after, in order that he might afterwards deprave them altogether for now he cooked the meat so unctuously and lickerishly, that the monks neglected fasts and prayers, and gave themselves to feasting. Nay it is said also, that he brought women into the Monastery, and came thereby much in the Abbot's favor, so that he at last caused him to become a Brother, because he well desired con stantly to have such a cook at hand. From that time strife and malice prevailed so severely in the Monastery, that it had surely come in the power of the Evil One, if none of the Brethren had repented in time. For instance - Once Brother Rush was in the wood, and having there seen a beautiful fat cow - he slew it and took himself one quarter with him to the Monastery, but hung up the rest on a tree in the forest. Then presently came by
[ GS_aligned] ###################### of a Danish Poem on the subject, and also the following popular tradition. BROTHER RUSH. It is related that when the Devil once upon a time saw how piously and virtuously the Monks lived in the Monastery of Esrom, he took upon himself the shape of a man, and went to the gate and knocked at it, for to be let in, saying that his name was Rush. Then he gave himself out that he was a Cooks-boy and was received as such by the Abbot. But when he was once by himself with the Master Cook he set himself up against him and got himself therefore punishment at this he was sore displeased, and as he had previously a cauldron with water over the fire, and he now perceived that it boiled, he took with all his might the Master Cook and placing him head downwards in it, began thereupon to run about and to cry, lamenting the misfortune as if it had happened to his master in cooking. Thus he cheated in this manner with falsehood all the brothers in the cloister, that they thought him altogether free, and he was now appointed by them the Master Cook. But it was what he had strived after, in order that he might afterwards deprave them altogether for now he cooked the meat so unctuously and lickerishly, that the monks neglected fasts and prayers, and gave themselves to feasting. Nay it is said also, that he brought women into the Monastery, and came thereby much in the Abbot's favor, so that he at last caused him to become a Brother, because he well desired con-stantly to have such a cook at hand. From that time strife and malice prevailed so severely in the Monastery, that it had surely come in the power of the Evil One, if none of the Brethren had repented in time. For instance@-@Once Brother Rush was in the wood, and having there seen a beautiful fat cow@-@he slew it and took himself one quarter with him to the Monastery, but hung up the rest on a tree in the forest. Then presently came by