[OCR_toInput] PREFACE 259 the Fairy Ifythology, vol. 2, p. 68, we are told that Hoodeken took up his abode in the palace of the Bishop of Hildesheim. One of the scullions in the Bishop's kitchen having flung dirt on him, and splashed him with foul water, Hoodeken complained to the head cook, who only laughed at him, and said Are you a spirit, and afraid of a little boy? Since you won't punish the boy, said Hoodeken, I wiU in a few days let you see how much afraid of him I am, and went off in high dudgeon but very soon after he got the boy asleep at the fire-side, and he strangled him, cut him up, and put him into the pot on the fire. In Swedeland Puck assumes the name of Nissegoddreng, or Nisse the good knave, and consorts with the Tomtegubbe, or the old man of the house toft, who is of the same genus. From Gubbe the old man employed as the name of a demon, the Normans seem to have formed Goblin or • Gobelin quasi Gubbelein, and the Spanish Duende, a demon particularly noted for his powers of transfor-mation, appears to correspond in every respect to the Tomte Gubbe and the name according to Coba-ruvias, is contracted from Dueno de Casa, the master of the house. Before bringing to a close our notice of the form under which The Merry Wanderer now presents
[OCR_aligned] PREFACE 259 the Fairy Ifythology, vol. 2, p. 68, we are told that Hoodeken took up his abode in the palace of the Bishop of Hildesheim. One of the scullions in the Bishop's kitchen having flung dirt on him, and splashed him with foul water, Hoodeken complained to the head cook, who only laughed at him, and said Are you a spirit, and afraid of a little boy@? Since you won't punish the boy, said Hoodeken, I wi@U in a few days let you see how much afraid of him I am, and went off in high dudgeon but very soon after he got the boy asleep at the fire-side, and he strangled him, cut him up, and put him into the pot on the fire. In Swedeland Puck assumes the name of Nissegoddreng, or Nisse the good knave, and consorts with the Tomtegubbe, or the old man of the house toft, who is of the same genus. From Gubbe the old man employed as the name of a demon, the Normans seem to have formed Goblin or • Gobelin quasi Gubbelein, and the Spanish Duende, a demon particularly noted for his powers of transfor-mation, appears to correspond in every respect to the Tomte Gubbe and the name according to Coba-ruvias, is contracted from Dueno de Casa, the master of the house. Before bringing to a close our notice of the form under which The Merry Wanderer now presents
[ GS_aligned] ##################### @Mythology, vol. 2, p. 68, we are told that Hoodeken took up his abode in the palace of the Bishop of Hildesheim. One of the scullions in the Bishop's kitchen having flung dirt on him, and splashed him with foul water, Hoodeken complained to the head cook, who only laughed at him, and said Are you a spirit, and afraid of a little boy ? Since you won't punish the boy, said Hoodeken, I will in a few days let you see how much afraid of him I am, and went off in high dudgeon but very soon after he got the boy asleep at the fire-side, and he strangled him, cut him up, and put him into the pot on the fire. In Swedeland Puck assumes the name of Nissegoddreng, or Nisse the good knave, and consorts with the Tomtegubbe, or the old man of the house toft, who is of the same genus. From Gubbe the old man employed as the name of a demon, the Normans seem to have formed Goblin or @@Gobelin quasi Gubbelein, and the Spanish Duende, a demon particularly noted for his powers of transfor-mation, appears to correspond in every respect to the Tomte Gubbe and the name according to Coba-ruvias, is contracted from Dueno de Casa, the master of the house. Before bringing to a close our notice of the form under which The Merry Wanderer now presents