[OCR_toInput] 266 A PLEASANT HISTOEIE thatthe Priour came into thekitchin, and there he found the young man, to whom he said, where wast thou borne, and what is thy name ? The young man answered and said, sir, I was borne very farre hence, and Rush is my name. Then said the Priour unto him, Rush canst thou couple hounds together ? Tea sir said Rush that I can do right well, and more then that, for I can couple men and women together, which is a more mastrie, and also sir if neede be I can convay a faire woman into your chamber, and convay her home againe in the morning so secretly, that no man shall spye it. And also I shall keepe your counsaile so secretly, that it shall never be knowne. And when the Priour heard Rush speake so, he was right glad of him, and said Rush, if thou canst doe as thou hast said ? I shad reward thee well for thy labour, and thou shalt be my most wel beloved servant wherefore make an end of thy busi nesse, for soone thou shalt goe a little way on a message for me, and so he departed and went to supper. And when every man had supped, and Rush had done all his businesse in the kitchin, hee came unto his maister the Priour, and said, sir, what is your will with me ? the Priour answered and said here a little beside dwelleth a faire gentlewoman, the which I love very well, but I dare not discover my minde unto her ruyselfe and if thou canst finde the meanes to bring her secretly unto me, I shall reward thee right weU for thy labour and paine. And when Rush had heard the words of his maister, and knew all his minde, he answered and said Sir, be of
[OCR_aligned] 266 A PLEASANT HISTOEIE thatthe Priour came into the@kitchin, and there he found the young man, to whom he said, where wast thou borne, and what is thy name ? The young man answered and said, sir, I was borne very farre hence, and Rush is my name. Then said the Priour unto him, Rush canst thou couple hounds together ? Tea sir said Rush that I can do right well, and more then that, for I can couple men and women together, which is a more mastrie, and also sir if neede be I can convay a faire woman into your chamber, and convay her home againe in the morning so secretly, that no man shall spye it. And also I shall keepe your counsaile so secretly, that it shall never be knowne. And when the Priour heard Rush speake so, he was right glad of him, and said Rush, if thou canst doe as thou hast said ? I sha@d reward thee well for thy labour, and thou shalt be my most wel beloved servant wherefore make an end of thy busi nesse, for soone thou shalt goe a little way on a message for me, and so he departed and went to supper. And when every man had supped, and Rush had done all his businesse in the kitchin, hee came unto his maister the Priour, and said, sir, what is your will with me ? the Priour answered and said here a little beside dwelleth a faire gentlewoman, the which I love very well, but I dare not discover my minde unto her ruyselfe and if thou canst finde the meanes to bring her secretly unto me, I shall reward thee right we@U for thy labour and paine. And when Rush had heard the words of his maister, and knew all his minde, he answered and said Sir, be of
[ GS_aligned] ############################### Priour came into the kitchin, and there he found the young man, to whom he said, where wast thou borne, and what is thy name ? The young man answered and said, sir, I was borne very farre hence, and Rush is my name. Then said the Priour unto him, Rush canst thou couple hounds together ? Tea sir said Rush that I can do right well, and more then that, for I can couple men and women together, which is a more mastrie, and also sir if neede be I can convay a faire woman into your chamber, and convay her home againe in the morning so secretly, that no man shall spye it. And also I shall keepe your counsaile so secretly, that it shall never be knowne. And when the Priour heard Rush speake so, he was right glad of him, and said Rush, if thou canst doe as thou hast said ? I shall reward thee well for thy labour, and thou shalt be my most wel-beloved servant wherefore make an end of thy busi-nesse, for soone thou shalt goe a little way on a message for me, and so he departed and went to supper. And when every man had supped, and Rush had done all his businesse in the kitchin, hee came unto his maister the Priour, and said, sir, what is your will with me ? the Priour answered and said here a little beside dwelleth a faire gentlewoman, the which I love very well, but I dare not discover my minde unto her @myselfe and if thou canst finde the meanes to bring her secretly unto me, I shall reward thee right well for thy labour and paine. And when Rush had heard the words of his maister, and knew all his minde, he answered and said Sir, be of