[OCR_toInput] 270 A PLEASANT HISTORIE auon they perceived that it was the maister Cooke, whereof they were greatly abashed. And with that crying out they went unto the Priour and shewed him that the maister Cooke had drowned himselfe in a kettell seething upon the fire in the kitchin for which tydings the Priour was right sorrie. And in the meane season Rush came home, and had conveyed the woman into his maisters chamber. And anon the friers shewed Rush of the great misfortune that was faUen on the maister Cooke in the kitchin, and he made as he had beene sorrie therefore, and had knowne nothing thereof, and he was in great love and favour with the Priour and all the friers, that they mistrusted him nothing for that deede, and so there was no more mention of the maister Cooke. Then the Priour commanded that Rush should be made Cooke, and all the covent was right glad of that, and so he was himselfe also, for he thought his enterprises came weU to passe after his minde, and as he would have it. Thus Rush became maister Cooke hi the kitchiu, and dressed their meate mervailous well for in the Lent, and in the Advent, both Fridayes and also other dayes, he put bacon into their pottage pot, the which made the pottage to savour well, and he dressed their meate so dehciously, that the Priour and all the friers had great mervaile that he did it so well in so much that they said he did much better then their other maister Cooke did, and that he was a more cun ninger man in his occupation, and could doe much better in his office. Thus Rush continued in that office
[OCR_aligned] 270 A PLEASANT HISTORIE auon they perceived that it was the maister Cooke, whereof they were greatly abashed. And with that crying out they went unto the Priour and shewed him that the maister Cooke had drowned himselfe in a kettell seething upon the fire in the kitchin for which tydings the Priour was right sorrie. And in the meane season Rush came home, and had conveyed the woman into his maisters chamber. And anon the friers shewed Rush of the great misfortune that was fa@Uen on the maister Cooke in the kitchin, and he made as he had beene sorrie therefore, and had knowne nothing thereof, and he was in great love and favour with the Priour and all the friers, that they mistrusted him nothing for that deede, and so there was no more mention of the maister Cooke. Then the Priour commanded that Rush should be made Cooke, and all the covent was right glad of that, and so he was himselfe also, for he thought his enterprises came we@U to passe after his minde, and as he would have it. Thus Rush became maister Cooke hi the kitchiu, and dressed their meate mervailous well for in the Lent, and in the Advent, both Fridayes and also other dayes, he put bacon into their pottage pot, the which made the pottage to savour well, and he dressed their meate so de@hciously, that the Priour and all the friers had great mervaile that he did it so well in so much that they said he did much better then their other maister Cooke did, and that he was a more cun ninger man in his occupation, and could doe much better in his office. Thus Rush continued in that office
[ GS_aligned] ############################ they perceived that it was the maister Cooke, whereof they were greatly abashed. And with that crying out they went unto the Priour and shewed him that the maister Cooke had drowned himselfe in a kettell seething upon the fire in the kitchin for which tydings the Priour was right sorrie. And in the meane season Rush came home, and had conveyed the woman into his maisters chamber. And anon the friers shewed Rush of the great misfortune that was fallen on the maister Cooke in the kitchin, and he made as he had beene sorrie therefore, and had knowne nothing thereof, and he was in great love and favour with the Priour and all the friers, that they mistrusted him nothing for that deede, and so there was no more mention of the maister Cooke. Then the Priour commanded that Rush should be made Cooke, and all the covent was right glad of that, and so he was himselfe also, for he thought his enterprises came well to passe after his minde, and as he would have it. Thus Rush became maister Cooke in the kitchin, and dressed their meate mervailous well for in the Lent, and in the Advent, both Fridayes and also other dayes, he put bacon into their pottage pot, the which made the pottage to savour well, and he dressed their meate so deliriously, that the Priour and all the friers had great mervaile that he did it so well in so much that they said he did much better then their other maister Cooke did, and that he was a more cun-ninger man in his occupation, and could doe much better in his office. Thus Rush continued in that office