[OCR_toInput] OF FRIER RUSH. 271 the space of seaven yeares, and did right well, and every man bad him in love and favour. Then it fortuned upon a day the Priour and his brethren were assembled together in a generaU counsaile, and as they stood talking together, the Priour remembered Rush, and anon he said unto his brethren Friends we have here Rush which is our maister Cooke in our kitchin, and be is an olde servant, and much diligent and true service he hath done to us, and he hath continued among us longer then any servant that ever wee had wherefore me thinke it reason, that hee were promoted into some other office, and made a brother among us. Then all the whole Covent with one voice said they were content it should so be. So the Priour sent for Rush, and when he was come before him and aU bis brethren, the Priour said, Rush it is so, thou hast beene here a long season, and we have found thee hitherto a true and diligent servant, wherefore wee wdl that thou be promoted, and take upon thee an habite as we have, and to become a brother among us. Rush answered and said my Maisters I thanke you aU, and then the Priour gave Rush an habite, and put it on his backe, and so Rush became a brother in the place, neverthelesse he kept his office stiU. How Frier Rush made Truncheons for the Friers to fight withaU. When Rush had on the habite of a Frier, and was a brother in the place, he had more vacation dayes
[OCR_aligned] OF FRIER RUSH. 271 the space of seaven yeares, and did right well, and every man bad him in love and favour. Then it fortuned upon a day the Priour and his brethren were assembled together in a genera@U counsaile, and as they stood talking together, the Priour remembered Rush, and anon he said unto his brethren Friends we have here Rush which is our maister Cooke in our kitchin, and be is an olde servant, and much diligent and true service he hath done to us, and he hath continued among us longer then any servant that ever wee had wherefore me thinke it reason, that hee were promoted into some other office, and made a brother among us. Then all the whole Covent with one voice said they were content it should so be. So the Priour sent for Rush, and when he was come before him and a@U bis brethren, the Priour said, Rush it is so, thou hast beene here a long season, and we have found thee hitherto a true and diligent servant, wherefore wee w@dl that thou be promoted, and take upon thee an habite as we have, and to become a brother among us. Rush answered and said my Maisters I thanke you a@U, and then the Priour gave Rush an habite, and put it on his backe, and so Rush became a brother in the place, neverthelesse he kept his office sti@U. How Frier Rush made Truncheons for the Friers to fight witha@U. When Rush had on the habite of a Frier, and was a brother in the place, he had more vacation dayes
[ GS_aligned] ###################### space of seaven yeares, and did right well, and every man had him in love and favour. Then it fortuned upon a day the Priour and his brethren were assembled together in a generall counsaile, and as they stood talking together, the Priour remembered Rush, and anon he said unto his brethren Friends we have here Rush which is our maister Cooke in our kitchin, and he is an olde servant, and much diligent and true service he hath done to us, and he hath continued among us longer then any servant that ever wee had wherefore me thinke it reason, that hee were promoted into some other office, and made a brother among us. Then all the whole Covent with one voice said they were content it should so be. So the Priour sent for Rush, and when he was come before him and all his brethren, the Priour said, Rush it is so, thou hast beene here a long season, and we have found thee hitherto a true and diligent servant, wherefore wee will that thou be promoted, and take upon thee an habite as we have, and to become a brother among us. Rush answered and said my Maisters I thanke you all, and then the Priour gave Rush an habite, and put it on his backe, and so Rush became a brother in the place, neverthelesse he kept his office still. How Frier Rush made Truncheons for the Friers to fight withall. WHEN Rush had on the habite of a Frier, and was a brother in the place, he had more vacation dayes