[OCR_toInput] OF FRIER RUSH. 273 filling their malicious mindes and angry hearts, every man after other went privately to Frier Rush to lend them staves, in so much that there was not a Frier in the place but he had one, and they never went without their staves under their habite, and the one knew not that the other had any, they kept them so secretly. And when Frier Rush had delivered aH his staves, he was right glad in his heart, for he knew right well there should be a great fray among them, either one time or other. So it fortuned afterward, as it is a common cus-tome among religious people at an high feast, to keepe solemne service, and every man to be at Mattens at midnight, and so upon a good night, all the whole Covent assembled together in the Quier, and were ready to begin Mattens, they taried for nothing but for the comming of the Priour. Then anon the Priour came into the Quier, and sate him downe in his place, and as he looked about him, he espied that the Subpriour was there present, and with that his heart began to grudge of the olde anger that was fallen betweene them two, and he thought in his minde that he could never be revenged in a better time, and sodainly he rose out of his place, and went to the Subpriour, and with his fist he gave him a good buffet, and the Subpriour which was moved with the stroke, started unto the Priour and gave him another buffet, and with that they went freshly together by the eares, and when the other Friers saw that, every man rose out of their places, and drew out their Truncheons, and together they went who VOL. I. 
[OCR_aligned] OF FRIER RUSH. 273 filling their malicious mindes and angry hearts, every man after other went privately to Frier Rush to lend them staves, in so much that there was not a Frier in the place but he had one, and they never went without their staves under their habite, and the one knew not that the other had any, they kept them so secretly. And when Frier Rush had delivered a@H his staves, he was right glad in his heart, for he knew right well there should be a great fray among them, either one time or other. So it fortuned afterward, as it is a common cus-tome among religious people at an high feast, to keepe solemne service, and every man to be at Mattens at midnight, and so upon a good night, all the whole Covent assembled together in the Quier, and were ready to begin Mattens, they taried for nothing but for the comming of the Priour. Then anon the Priour came into the Quier, and sate him downe in his place, and as he looked about him, he espied that the Subpriour was there present, and with that his heart began to grudge of the olde anger that was fallen betweene them two, and he thought in his minde that he could never be revenged in a better time, and sodainly he rose out of his place, and went to the Subpriour, and with his fist he gave him a good buffet, and the Subpriour which was moved with the stroke, started unto the Priour and gave him another buffet, and with that they went freshly together by the eares, and when the other Friers saw that, every man rose out of their places, and drew out their Truncheons, and together they went who VOL. I. 
[ GS_aligned] ########################## their malicious mindes and angry hearts, every man after other went privately to Frier Rush to lend them staves, in so much that there was not a Frier in the place but he had one, and they never went without their staves under their habite, and the one knew not that the other had any, they kept them so secretly. And when Frier Rush had delivered all his staves, he was right glad in his heart, for he knew right well there should be a great fray among them, either one time or other. So it fortuned afterward, as it is a common cus-tome among religious people at an high feast, to keepe solemne service, and every man to be at Mattens at midnight, and so upon a good night, all the whole Covent assembled together in the Quier, and were ready to begin Mattens, they taried for nothing but for the comming of the Priour. Then anon the Priour came into the Quier, and sate him downe in his place, and as he looked about him, he espied that the Subpriour was there present, and with that his heart began to grudge of the olde anger that was fallen betweene them two, and he thought in his minde that he could never be revenged in a better time, and sodainly he rose out of his place, and went to the Subpriour, and with his fist he gave him a good buffet, and the Subpriour which was moved with the stroke, started unto the Priour and gave him another buffet, and with that they went freshly together by the eares, and when the other Friers saw that, every man rose out of their places, and drew out their Truncheons, and together they went who ########