[OCR_toInput] OF FRIER RUSH. 289 he had ruled you, and all your covent, and caused you, to chide and fight, and were never in unitie and peace among your selves and he said he had caused you to live viciously, and yet he saide he would doe more ere he departed out of this place, for he will cause you to kdl each other, and then you should be damned in hell, both bodie and soule. And so everie Derill departed and went about their busines. Wherefore take heede, for he is a verie DeviU. And when the Priour bad heard the wordes of the Farmer, he thanked him for his labor and so they departed, the Farmer went home to his house, but the Priour was marvellously abashed at the words of the Farmer, and went into his chamber and was much grieved in his harte that he had so leudly misordered himselfe against his Lord God, and with great contrition he kneeled downe upon his knees, and asked almighty God mercie, and forgiveness for the great and greevous offences that he had committed and done against him, and that he had so vildly misused the order of his religion. And when he had thus done, he departed out of his chamber and went into the cloister, and caused all his brethren to come together, and when they were aU assembled, the Priour told them everie worde as the husbandman had told him, and that Rush was a verie DeviU, and no earthly creature at the which they were sore astonished, and were right sorry in their hartes, that they had followed him. so much in his minde, and done after his counsaile, and were heavy in their heartes for their great and abhominable sinnes that VOL. I. 
[OCR_aligned] OF FRIER RUSH. 289 he had ruled you, and all your covent, and caused you, to chide and fight, and were never in unitie and peace among your selves and he said he had caused you to live viciously, and yet he saide he would doe more ere he departed out of this place, for he will cause you to k@dl each other, and then you should be damned in hell, both bodie and soule. And so everie Derill departed and went about their busines. Wherefore take heede, for he is a verie Devi@U. And when the Priour bad heard the wordes of the Farmer, he thanked him for his labor and so they departed, the Farmer went home to his house, but the Priour was marvellously abashed at the words of the Farmer, and went into his chamber and was much grieved in his harte that he had so leudly misordered himselfe against his Lord God, and with great contrition he kneeled downe upon his knees, and asked almighty God mercie, and forgiveness for the great and greevous offences that he had committed and done against him, and that he had so vildly misused the order of his religion. And when he had thus done, he departed out of his chamber and went into the cloister, and caused all his brethren to come together, and when they were a@U assembled, the Priour told them everie worde as the husbandman had told him, and that Rush was a verie Devi@U, and no earthly creature at the which they were sore astonished, and were right sorry in their hartes, that they had followed him. so much in his minde, and done after his counsaile, and were heavy in their heartes for their great and abhominable sinnes that VOL. I. 
[ GS_aligned] ##################### had ruled you, and all your covent, and caused you, to chide and fight, and were never in unitie and peace among your selves and he said he had caused you to live viciously, and yet he saide he would doe more ere he departed out of this place, for he will cause you to kill each other, and then you should be damned in hell, both bodie and soule. And so everie Devill departed and went about their busines. Wherefore take heede, for he is a verie Devill. And when the Priour had heard the wordes of the Parmer, he thanked him for his labor and so they departed, the Parmer went home to his house, but the Priour was marveilously abashed at the words of the Parmer, and went into his chamber and was much grieved in his harte that he had so leudly misordered himselfe against his Lord God, and with great contrition he kneeled downe upon his knees, and asked almighty God mercie, and forgiveness for the great and greevous offences that he had committed and done against him, and that he had so vildly misused the order of his religion. And when he had thus done, he departed out of his chamber and went into the cloister, and caused all his brethren to come together, and when they were all assembled, the Priour told them everie worde as the husbandman had told him, and that Rush was a verie Devill, and no earthly creature at the which they were sore astonished, and were right sorry in their hartes, that they had followed him. so much in his minde, and done after his counsaile, and were heavy in their heartes for their great and abhominable sinnes that ########