[OCR_toInput] 290 A PLEASANT HISTOEIE they had committed and done, and with great contrition they kneeled downe upon their knees, and desired almighty God for grace and pardon. Then the Priour caused every man to fall to contemplation and praier. Then foorth they went and did the Priours commaunde ment, and briefely made them ready, and went to prayer all at once And when they were come to the middest of their service, the Priour departed out of the church and went to the kitchin, wherin he found Rush who was there verie busy then the Priour commaunded him to stand stiU, and by vertue of almightie God and of all the companie of heaven, he coniured Rush into the likenes of a horse, and commaunded him to goe and stand at the gate in the same place that he stood in when he came thether first, and to stand there tiU ser vice was done so foorth went Rush in the likenes of a horse, and stood at the gate as the Priour had com maunded him. And when service was done, the Priour and his brethren went to the gate to see what case Rush was in and when they were come tbether they found him standing in the likenes of a horse. Then they demaunded him to what entent he came into their place, and why he taried there so long ? Syrs said Rush, I came hither to cause you to do aU mischife as is afore-said, and yet I would have done more ere I had gone hence for I would have caused you to slaye other, and to be damned both bodie and soule. And when they had heard the words of Rush, every man held up his hands and thanked almighty God, that they had so well
[OCR_aligned] 290 A PLEASANT HISTOEIE they had committed and done, and with great contrition they kneeled downe upon their knees, and desired almighty God for grace and pardon. Then the Priour caused every man to fall to contemplation and praier. Then foorth they went and did the Priours commaunde ment, and briefely made them ready, and went to prayer all at once@ And when they were come to the middest of their service, the Priour departed out of the church and went to the kitchin, wherin he found Rush who was there verie busy then the Priour commaunded him to stand sti@U, and by vertue of almightie God and of all the companie of heaven, he coniured Rush into the likenes of a horse, and commaunded him to goe and stand at the gate in the same place that he stood in when he came thether first, and to stand there ti@U ser vice was done so foorth went Rush in the likenes of a horse, and stood at the gate as the Priour had com maunded him. And when service was done, the Priour and his brethren went to the gate to see what case Rush was in and when they were come tbether they found him standing in the likenes of a horse. Then they demaunded him to what entent he came into their place, and why he taried there so long ? Syrs said Rush, I came hither to cause you to do a@U mischife as is afore-said, and yet I would have done more ere I had gone hence for I would have caused you to slaye other, and to be damned both bodie and soule. And when they had heard the words of Rush, every man held up his hands and thanked almighty God, that they had so well
[ GS_aligned] ############################ had committed and done, and with great contrition they kneeled downe upon their knees, and desired almighty God for grace and pardon. Then the Priour caused every man to fall to contemplation and praier. Then foorth they went and did the Priours commaunde-ment, and briefely made them ready, and went to prayer all at once. And when they were come to the middest of their service, the Priour departed out of the church and went to the kitchin, wherin he found Rush who was there verie busy then the Priour commaunded him to stand still, and by vertue of almightie God and of all the compauie of heaven, he coniured Rush into the likenes of a horse, and commaunded him to goe and stand at the gate in the same place that he stood in when he came thether first, and to stand there till ser-vice was done so foorth went Rush in the likenes of a horse, and stood at the gate as the Priour had com-maunded him. And when service was done, the Priour and his brethren went to the gate to see what case Rush was in and when they were come thether they found him standing in the likenes of a horse. Then they demaunded him to what entent he came into their place, and why he taried there so long ? Syrs said Rush, I came hither to cause you to do all mischife as is afore-said, and yet I would have done more ere I had gone hence for I would have caused you to slaye other, and to be damned both bodie and soule. And when they had heard the words of Rush, every man held up his hands and thanked almighty God, that they had so well