[OCR_toInput] OF FRIER RUSH. 295 whereat his master had great marvade then they sate downe to breakfast, which being ended they went home, and did such thinges as were there to bee done when his dame sawe that he had so soone ended his busines, she thought that he was a profitable servant, and said Httle but let him alone. In the evening Rush de maunded of his master what hee should doe the next morrow ? his master appointed him twice so much as hee did the day before, which Rush refused not, but got up earely in the morning, and went to the field, and about his worke so soone as his master was ready, he tooke his man's breakfast and came to the field, thinking to helpe Rush but he was no sooner come from his house but the Priest came to see his wife, and presently shee made ready some good meate for them to be merry withall, and whyle it was a dressing, they sate sporting together, who had beene there should have seene many loving touches. And when the goodman came to the field, he found that Rush had done aU that which he appointed, whereof he had great marvade then they sate dovroe to breakfast, and as they sate together, Rush beheld his master's shoone, and perceived that for fault of greasing they were very hard then said Rush to his master, why are not your shooes better greased ? I marvade that you can goe in them, they be so hard, have you no more at home ? Ves, said his master, I have another payre lying under a great chest at home in my chamber. Then said Rush I wdl goe home and grease them that you may put them on to-morrow and
[OCR_aligned] OF FRIER RUSH. 295 whereat his master had great marva@de then they sate downe to breakfast, which being ended they went home, and did such thinges as were there to bee done when his dame sawe that he had so soone ended his busines, she thought that he was a profitable servant, and said @Httle but let him alone. In the evening Rush de maunded of his master what hee should doe the next morrow ? his master appointed him twice so much as hee did the day before, which Rush refused not, but got up earely in the morning, and went to the field, and about his worke so soone as his master was ready, he tooke his man's breakfast and came to the field, thinking to helpe Rush but he was no sooner come from his house but the Priest came to see his wife, and presently shee made ready some good meate for them to be merry withall, and whyle it was a dressing, they sate sporting together, who had beene there should have seene many loving touches. And when the goodman came to the field, he found that Rush had done a@U that which he appointed, whereof he had great marva@de then they sate dovroe to breakfast, and as they sate together, Rush beheld his master's shoone, and perceived that for fault of greasing they were very hard then said Rush to his master, why are not your shooes better greased ? I marva@de that you can goe in them, they be so hard, have you no more at home ? Ves, said his master, I have another payre lying under a great chest at home in my chamber. Then said Rush I w@dl goe home and grease them that you may put them on to-morrow and
[ GS_aligned] ########################## his master had great marvaile then they sate downe to breakfast, which being ended they went home, and did such thinges as were there to bee done when his dame sawe that he had so soone ended his busines, she thought that he was a profitable servant, and said little but let him alone. In the evening Rush de-maunded of his master what hee should doe the next morrow ? his master appointed him twice so much as hee did the day before, which Rush refused not. but got up earely in the morning, and went to the field, and about his worke so soone as his master was ready, he tooke his man's breakfast and came to the field, thinking to helpe Rush but he was no sooner come from his house but the Priest came to see his wife, and presently shee made ready some good meate for them to be merry withall, and whyle it was a dressing, they sate sporting together, who had beene there should have seene many loving touches. And when the goodman came to the field, he found that Rush had done all that which he appointed, whereof he had great marvaile then they sate do@wne to breakfast, and as they sate together, Rush beheld his master's shoone, and perceived that for fault of greasing they were very hard then said Rush to his master, why are not your shooes better greased ? I marvaile that you can goe in them, they be so hard, have you no more at home ? Yes, said his master, I have another payre lying under a great chest at home in my chamber. Then said Rush I will goe home and grease them that you may put them on to-morrow and