[OCR_toInput] 298 A PLEASANT HISTOEIE the Priest's gowne then hee said, what a deviU art thou ? and with his forke he turned the heape, and then hee perceived that the Priest was come againe then with his forke he gave him three or foure good dry stripes and said, whoreson Priest, what dost thouheere? thou promised me the last day never more to come heere, and now I see thou art a false Priest, but now I shall make an end of thee, and then shalt thou never deceive me more. And when the Priest heard him say so, he fell upon his knees and held up his hands, and prayed Rush to save his honour once againe and he would never come there more, and if he did then to doe with him what he would. Thus Rush let the Priest goe the second time. How Rush came home and found the Priest in the cheese-basket, and how hee trayled him about the towne. Then within a fortnight or three weekes after the Priest thought he was long absent from the husband man's wife. And though it should cost him his life yet would he goe thither once again and on a day he per ceiving the goodman was gone to the field, he tooke his waye unto the house, and was so hasty, that as soone as he was entred into the house, hee caught the wife and would have imbraced her, but sbee quickly got from him againe, and went and prepared good cheare for him, as shee was wont to doe for they thought themselves sure enough for the time, but yet they were deceived 
[OCR_aligned] 298 A PLEASANT HISTOEIE the Priest's gowne then hee said, what a devi@U art thou ? and with his forke he turned the heape, and then hee perceived that the Priest was come againe then with his forke he gave him three or foure good dry stripes and said, whoreson Priest, what dost thou@heere@? thou promised me the last day never more to come heere, and now I see thou art a false Priest, but now I shall make an end of thee, and then shalt thou never deceive me more. And when the Priest heard him say so, he fell upon his knees and held up his hands, and prayed Rush to save his honour once againe and he would never come there more, and if he did then to doe with him what he would. Thus Rush let the Priest goe the second time. How Rush came home and found the Priest in the cheese-basket, and how hee trayled him about the towne. Then within a fortnight or three weekes after the Priest thought he was long absent from the husband man's wife. And though it should cost him his life yet would he goe thither once again and on a day he per ceiving the goodman was gone to the field, he tooke his waye unto the house, and was so hasty, that as soone as he was entred into the house, hee caught the wife and would have imbraced her, but sbee quickly got from him againe, and went and prepared good cheare for him, as shee was wont to doe for they thought themselves sure enough for the time, but yet they were deceived 
[ GS_aligned] ########################### Priest's gowne then hee said, what a devill art thou ? and with his forke he turned the heape, and then hee perceived that the Priest was come againe then with his forke he gave him three or foure good dry stripes and said, whoreson Priest, what dost thou heere ? thou promised me the last day never more to come heere, and now I see thou art a false Priest, but now I shall make an end of thee, and then shalt thou never deceive me more. And when the Priest heard him say so, he fell upon his knees and held up his hands, and prayed Rush to save his honour once againe and he would never come there more, and if he did then to doe with him what he would. Thus Rush let the Priest goe the second time. How Rush came home and found the Priest in the cheese-basket, and how hee trayled him about the towne. THEN within a fortnight or three weekes after the Priest thought he was long absent from the husband-man's wife. And though it should cost him his life yet would he goe thither once again and on a day he per-ceiving the goodman was gone to the field, he tooke his waye unto the house, and was so hasty, that as soone as he was entred into the house, hee caught the wife and would have imbraced her, but shee quickly got from him againe, and went and prepared good cheare for him, as shee was wont to doe for they thought themselves sure enough for the time, but yet they were deceived 