[OCR_toInput] 228 TnE FAMOUS HISTORY How Fryer Bacon deceived an old Usurer. Not farre from Fryer Bacon, dwelt an olde man that had great store of money which hee let out to use, and would never doe any good with it to the poore, though Fryer Bacon had often put him in minde of it, and wished him to do some good whilest he lived. Fryer Bacon seeing this, by his art made an iron pot, which seemed full of gold, this being done, he went to this rich usurer, and told him, that he had some gold which he had gathered in his time that he had lived but it being much in quantity, bee feared that if it were knowne, it would be taken from him, because it was unfitting a man of his coat should have so much now he desired him that hee would let him have some hundred pounds, which was not the sixth part of his gold, and he should kepe it for him. The usurer was glad to heare of this, and told him that he should have it, and that he would keep bis gold as safe as he himself woidd Fryer Bacon was glad to heate of this, and presently fetcht the pot at the sight of which the usurer laughed, and thought to himself, how all that gold was his owne, for hee had a determination to gull thefryer, but he gulled himselfe. See here is the gold said Fryer Bacon now let me have of you one hundred pounds, and keep you this gold till I pay it backe again. Very willingly said the usurer and told him one hundred pounds out, which Fryer Bacon tooke and delivered him the note, and so went his way. This mony did Fryer Bacon give to divers poore schollers, and other people and bid them pray for
[OCR_aligned] 228 TnE FAMOUS HISTORY How Fryer Bacon deceived an old Usurer. Not farre from Fryer Bacon, dwelt an olde man that had great store of money which hee let out to use, and would never doe any good with it to the poore, though Fryer Bacon had often put him in minde of it, and wished him to do some good whilest he lived. Fryer Bacon seeing this, by his art made an iron pot, which seemed full of gold, this being done, he went to this rich usurer, and told him, that he had some gold which he had gathered in his time that he had lived but it being much in quantity, bee feared that if it were knowne, it would be taken from him, because it was unfitting a man of his coat should have so much now he desired him that hee would let him have some hundred pounds, which was not the sixth part of his gold, and he should kepe it for him. The usurer was glad to heare of this, and told him that he should have it, and that he would keep bis gold as safe as he himself woidd Fryer Bacon was glad to heate of this, and presently fetcht the pot at the sight of which the usurer laughed, and thought to himself, how all that gold was his owne, for hee had a determination to gull thefryer, but he gulled himselfe. See here is the gold said Fryer Bacon now let me have of you one hundred pounds, and keep you this gold till I pay it backe again. Very willingly said the usurer and told him one hundred pounds out, which Fryer Bacon tooke and delivered him the note, and so went his way. This mony did Fryer Bacon give to divers poore schollers, and other people and bid them pray for
[ GS_aligned] ########################## Fryer Bacon deceived an old Usurer. NOT farre from Fryer Bacon, dwelt an olde man that had great store of money which hee let out to use, and would never doe any good with it to the poore, though Fryer Bacon had often put him in minde of it, and wished him to do some good whilest he lived. Fryer Bacon seeing this, by his art made an iron pot, which seemed full of gold, this being done, he went to this rich usurer, and told him, that he had some gold which he had gathered in his time that he had lived but it being much in quantity, hee feared that if it were knowne, it would be taken from him, because it was unfitting a man of his coat should have so much now he desired him that hee would let him have some hundred pounds, which was not the sixth part of his gold, and he should kepe it for him. The usurer was glad to heare of this, and told him that he should have it, and that he would keep his gold as safe as he himself would Fryer Bacon was glad to heare of this, and presently fetcht the pot at the sight of which the usurer laughed, and thought to himself, how all that gold was his owne, for hee had a determination to gull thefryer, but he gulled himselfe. See here is the gold said Fryer Bacon now let me have of you one hundred pounds, and keep you this gold till I pay it backe again. Very willingly said the usurer and told him one hundred pounds out, which Fryer Bacon tooke and delivered him the note, and so went his way. This mony did Fryer Bacon give to divers poore schollers, and other people and bid them pray for