[OCR_toInput] 4 WORKS PUBLISHED BY Fielding's T. H. Art of Engraving, with the Modes of Operation, viz Etching, Line Engraving, Chalk and Stipple, Soft Ground Etching, Aquatint, Mezzo-tint, Lithography, Wood Engraving, Medallic Engraving, Electrography, Photography, with 10 Plates of the different Styles, and 8 Woodcuts, royal 8vo. cloth gilt, pub. at £1. 16s 9s Fosbroke's Rev. T. D. Encyclopaedia of Antiquities and Elements of Archceology, Classical and Mediosval, 45 Plates and 62 Woodcuts, 2 vols, royal 8vo. cloth gilt, pub. at £2. 12s 6d £1. Is Grant's Mrs., of Laggan Letters from the Mountains being the Correspondence with her Friends between the years 1773 and 1803, Sixth Edition, 2 vols. post 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. Is 10s 6d Grant. Memoir and Correspondence of Mrs. Grant, of Laggan, Second Edition, portrait, 3 vols, post 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. lis 6d 12s Grey's Earl Colonial Policy of Lord John Russell's Administration, second edition, with additions, 2 vols. 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. 8s 9s A handbook of modem colonial policy, which no person desirous of understanding the present state and future prospects of our Colonies can omit to read. - Edinburgh Review. Hall's Mrs. S. C. Sketches of Irish Cha-racter fifth edition, with a New Introduction, elegantly printed in crown 8vo. and beautifully illustrated with five plates by Maclise, and fifty-six woodcuts, handsomely bound in cloth gilt, Ss - or, cloth gilt, gilt edges, for presents, 9s Mrs. Hall has already shewn her fitness for the task, by an inti-mate acquainta ce with that class of Irish life which affords the ani-mated portion of her descriptions. She paints the peasantry and working classes of the country with fidelity, and her pen is wonderfully assisted by the productions of the pencil which she has called to her aid. The woodcuts are clever, and well selected for the purpose of ex-hibiting the more common forms which present themselves in Irish scenery and Irish life. Industry is manifest in the collection of pic-turesque facts and characteristic anecdotes, and good-will in the elabo-ration. - ATHEN DM. Knight's C. Tourist's Companion through the Land we Live in, iUustrated with woodcuts, 8vo. in a stiff cover, 2s 6d- or, in cloth, 3s Contents - Brighton, Worthing, and Arundel Lewes, Hastings, Rye, and Winchelsea Dover and Canterbury Isle of Thanet, Sandwich, and Deal Bath Bristol Windsor and Eton Oxford Portsmouth and Chichester Winchester, Southampton, and Salisbury The Isle of W'ight Dorchester, Weymouth, and the Isle of Portland Exeter and the South Coast of Devon Plymouth and its Environs Cheltenham and Gloucester Stratford-on-Avon, and Warwick Woolwich, Sheer ness, Rochester and Chatham Gravesend, and the Baronial Halls of Kent Cambridge Leamington and Coventry.
[OCR_aligned] 4 WORKS PUBLISHED BY Fielding's T. H. Art of Engraving, with the Modes of Operation, viz Etching, Line Engraving, Chalk and Stipple, Soft Ground Etching, Aquatint, Mezzo-tint, Lithography, Wood Engraving, Medallic Engraving, Electrography, Photography, with 10 Plates of the different Styles, and 8 Woodcuts, royal 8vo. cloth gilt, pub. at £1. 16s 9s Fosbroke's Rev. T. D. Encyclopaedia of Antiquities and Elements of Archceology, Classical and Mediosval, 45 Plates and 62 Woodcuts, 2 vols, royal 8vo. cloth gilt, pub. at £2. 12s 6d £1. Is Grant's Mrs., of Laggan Letters from the Mountains being the Correspondence with her Friends between the years 1773 and 1803, Sixth Edition, 2 vols. post 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. Is 10s 6d Grant. Memoir and Correspondence of Mrs. Grant, of Laggan, Second Edition, portrait, 3 vols, post 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. lis 6d 12s Grey's Earl Colonial Policy of Lord John Russell's Administration, second edition, with additions, 2 vols. 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. 8s 9s A handbook of mode@m colonial policy, which no person desirous of understanding the present state and future prospects of our Colonies can omit to read. - Edinburgh Review. Hall's Mrs. S. C. Sketches of Irish Cha-racter fifth edition, with a New Introduction, elegantly printed in crown 8vo. and beautifully illustrated with five plates by Maclise, and fifty-six woodcuts, handsomely bound in cloth gilt, Ss - or, cloth gilt, gilt edges, for presents, 9s Mrs. Hall has already shewn her fitness for the task, by an inti-mate acquainta ce with that class of Irish life which affords the ani-mated portion of her descriptions. She paints the peasantry and working classes of the country with fidelity, and her pen is wonderfully assisted by the productions of the pencil which she has called to her aid. The woodcuts are clever, and well selected for the purpose of ex-hibiting the more common forms which present themselves in Irish scenery and Irish life. Industry is manifest in the collection of pic-turesque facts and characteristic anecdotes, and good-will in the elabo-ration. - ATHEN@ DM. Knight's C. Tourist's Companion through the Land we Live in, i@Uustrated with woodcuts, 8vo. in a stiff cover, 2s 6d- or, in cloth, 3s Contents - Brighton, Worthing, and Arundel Lewes, Hastings, Rye, and Winchelsea Dover and Canterbury Isle of Thanet, Sandwich, and Deal Bath Bristol Windsor and Eton Oxford Portsmouth and Chichester Winchester, Southampton, and Salisbury The Isle of W'ight Dorchester, Weymouth, and the Isle of Portland Exeter and the South Coast of Devon Plymouth and its Environs Cheltenham and Gloucester Stratford-on-Avon, and Warwick Woolwich, Sheer ness, Rochester and Chatham Gravesend, and the Baronial Halls of Kent Cambridge Leamington and Coventry.
[ GS_aligned] ############################### T. H. Art of Engraving, with the Modes of Operation, viz Etching, Line Engraving, Chalk and Stipple, Soft Ground Etching, Aquatint, Mezzo-tint, Lithography, Wood Engraving, Medallic Engraving, Electrography, Photography, with 10 Plates of the different Styles, and 8 Woodcuts, royal 8vo. cloth gilt, pub. at £1. 16s 9s Foshroke's Rev. T. D. Encyclopcedia of Antiquities and Elements of Archoeology, Classical and Mediaeval, 45 Plates and 62 Woodcuts, 2 vols. royal 8vo. cloth gilt, pub. at £2. 12s 6d £1. 1s Grant's Mrs., of Laggan Letters from the Mountains being the Correspondence with her Friends between the years 1773 and 1803, Sixth Edition, 2 vols. post 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. 1s 10s 6d Grant. Memoir and Correspondence of Mrs. Grant, of Laggan, Second Edition, portrait, 3 vols. post 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. ### 6d 12s Grey's Earl Colonial Policy of Lord John Russell's Administration, second edition, with additions, 2 vols. 8vo. cloth, pub. at £1. 8s 9s A handbook of modern colonial policy, which no person desirous of understanding the present state and future prospects of our Colonies can omit to read. ################### Hall's Mrs. S. C. Sketches of Irish Cha-racter fifth edition, with a New Introduction, elegantly printed in crown 8vo. and beautifully illustrated with five plates by Maclise, and fifty-six woodcuts, handsomely hound in cloth gilt, 8s@-@or, cloth gilt, gilt edges, for presents, 9s Mrs. Hall has already shewn her fitness for the task, by an inti-mate acquaintance with that class of Irish life which affords the ani-mated portion of her descriptions. She paints the peasantry and working classes of the country with fidelity, and her pen is wonderfully assisted by the productions of the pencil which she has called to her aid. The woodcuts are clever, and well selected for the purpose of ex-hibiting the more common forms which present themselves in Irish scenery and Irish life. Industry is manifest in the collection of pic-turesque facts and characteristic anecdotes, and good-will in the elabo-ration. -@ATHENAEUM. Knight's C. Tourist's Companion through the Land we Live in, illustrated with woodcuts, 8vo. in a stiff cover, 2s 6d-@or, in cloth, 3s CONTENTS -@Brighton, Worthing, and Arundel Lewes, Hastings, Rye, and Winchelsea Dover and Canterbury Isle of Thanet, Sandwich, and Deal Bath Bristol Windsor and Eton Oxford Portsmouth and Chichester Winchester, Southampton, and Salisbury The Isle of W@ight Dorchester, Weymouth, and the Isle of Portland Exeter and the South Coast of Devon Plymouth and its Environs Cheltenham and Gloucester Stratford-on-Avon, and Warwick Woolwich, Sheer-ness, Rochester and Chatham Gravesend, and the Baronial Halls of Kent Cambridge Leamington and Coventry.