[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 229 old Good-gatherers soules health so was this usurer caU'd which these poor people did, and would give him thankes and prayers when they met him, which he did wonder at, for he never deserved the praires of any man. At last this old Good-gatherer went to looke on this pot of gold, but instead of gold he found nothing but earth, at which sight he would have died, had not his other gold hindred him, which hee was to leave behind him so gathering up his spirits, hee went to Fryer Bacon, and told him he was abused and cheated for which he woidd have the law of him, unlesse he made him resti tution. Fryer Bacon told him, that he had not cheated him, but bin bis faithful steward to the poore, which he could not chuse but know, either by their prayers, or their thanks and as for the law he feared it not, but bid him doe his worst. The old man seeing Fryer Bacons resolution, went his way, and said, that hereafter hee would be his owne steward. How Miles, Fryer Bacons man didconiure for meat, and got meate for himselfe and his hoast. Miles chanced one day upon some businesse, to goe some six miles from home, and being loth to part with some company that he had, he was be-lated, and could get but halfe way home that night to save his purse hee went to ones house that was his masters acquaintance but when he came, the good man of the house was not at home, and the woman would not let him have lodging. Miles seeing such cold entertainment wished he had not
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 229 old Good-gatherers soules health so was this usurer ca@U'd which these poor people did, and would give him thankes and prayers when they met him, which he did wonder at, for he never deserved the praires of any man. At last this old Good-gatherer went to looke on this pot of gold, but instead of gold he found nothing but earth, at which sight he would have died, had not his other gold hindred him, which hee was to leave behind him so gathering up his spirits, hee went to Fryer Bacon, and told him he was abused and cheated for which he woidd have the law of him, unlesse he made him resti tution. Fryer Bacon told him, that he had not cheated him, but bin bis faithful steward to the poore, which he could not chuse but know, either @by their prayers, or their thanks and as for the law he feared it not, but bid him doe his worst. The old man seeing Fryer Bacons resolution, went his way, and said, that hereafter hee would be his owne steward. How Miles, Fryer Bacons man did@coniure for meat, and got meate for himselfe and his hoast. Miles chanced one day upon some businesse, to goe some six miles from home, and being loth to part with some company that he had, he was be-lated, and could get but halfe way home that night to save his purse hee went to ones house that was his masters acquaintance but when he came, the good man of the house was not at home, and the woman would not let him have lodging. Miles seeing such cold entertainment wished he had not
[ GS_aligned] ####################### Good-gatherers soules health so was this usurer call'd which these poor people did, and would give him thankes and prayers when they met him, which he did wonder at, for he never deserved the praires of any man. At last this old Good-gatherer went to looke on this pot of gold, but instead of gold he found nothing but earth, at which sight he would have died, had not his other gold hindred him, which hee was to leave behind him so gathering up his spirits, hee went to Fryer Bacon, and told him he was abused and cheated for which he would have the law of him, unlesse he made him resti-tution. Fryer Bacon told him, that he had not cheated him, but bin his faithful steward to the poore, which he could not chuse but know, either fay their prayers, or their thanks and as for the law he feared it not, but bid him doe his worst. The old man seeing Fryer Bacons resolution, went his way, and said, that hereafter hee would be his owne steward. How Miles, Fryer Bacons man did coniure for meat, and got meate for himselfe and his hoast. MILES chanced one day upon some businesse, to goe some six miles from home, and being loth to part with some company that he had, he was be-lated, and could get but halfe way home that night to save his purse hee went to ones house that was his masters acquaintance but when he came, the good man of the house was not at home, and the woman would not let him have lodging. Miles seeing such cold entertainment wished he had not