[OCR_toInput] Of!g!nat! ts Me NFX43.120.tO Texte détérioré retture défectueuse NPZ43.120.~ · VALABLE POUR TOUT OU PARTIE DU DOCUMENT REPRODUIT . r. f art n Tupper's Buto~oorapb? MY LIFE '~AS AN AUTH , ~ ~j t MARTIN FARQUHA~,TU~ .EFf.~ MARTIN ~r p D.C.L. F.R.S. tMj~ ~ vo, vh~m. LONDON SAMPSON LOW, MAm-The InnmtieB -A Childlike Hymn-Eternal Hope-Merey'for Ever-The Assuranoe of Ovid .417-43! MY LIFE AS AN AUTHOR. CHAPTER I.. PBBLIMINARY. I HAVE often been asked to prepare an autobiography, but my objections to the task have ever been many and various. To one urgent appeal I sent this sonnet of refusai, which explains itself You bid me write the story of my life, And draw what secrets in my memory dwell From the dried fountains of her failing well, With commonpiaces mi~t of peaoe and strife, And such émail faots, with good or evil rife, As happen to us ail have no tale Of thrilling force or enterprise to tell,-Nothing the blood to.Rre, the ohoek to pale My life is in my books thé rooord there, Atruthfulphotograph.isaIlIohoMe To give the world of self, nor will excuse Mine own or others' failures glad to spare From blâme of mine, or praise, both friends and foes, LeaviagunwrittonwhatCtodonlyknows. In fact 1 fdwaya rejocted thé proposai wamed by récent volumes of pestilenfial réminiscences and,would none of it not only 'om its apparent vainglory as to the inevitable extenuation of one's own faults and failures in life, and the equally certain amplification of self-registered virtues and successes, but even still more from the misuhief it might occasion from a petty record of commonplace troubles and trials, due to the changes and chances of this mortal life, to the casual mention or omission of friends or foes, to the influence of circumstances and surroundings, and to other reve-lations~-whether pleasant or the reverse-of matters merely personal, and therefore more of a private than a public character. Indeed, so disquieted was I at the possible prospect of any one getting hold of a' mass of manuscript in old days diligently compiled by my~elf from year to year in several small diaries, that I have long ago ruthlessiy made a holocaust of the heap of such written self-mèmo-ries, fearing their posthumous publication and in this connection let me now add my express protest against the printing hereafter of any of my innumerable private letters to friends, or other MSS., unless they are'strictiy and merely of a literary nature. Biography, where honest and trne, is no doubt one of the most fascinating and instructive phases of litera-ture but it requires a higher Intelligence than. any however intimate friend of a man to do it fairly and fully so many matters of character and circumstance must ever be to him unknown, and therefore will be by him unrecorded. And even as to autobiography, who, short of the Omniscient Himself, can take into just account thé potency of outward surroundings, and still more of inborn hereditary influences, over both mind and body! thé biaa to good or evil, and thé possession or otherwise of gifts and talents,. due very-much under Providence to one's ancient ancestors and one's modern teaohers ? We are each of us morally and bodily the psychical and physical composite of a thousand generations. Albeit every individual pos-sesses as his birthright afreewill to turn either to thé right or to the left, and is liable to a due responsibility for his words and actions, still the Just Judge alone can and must make allowance for the innate inclinings of heredity and the outward influences of circumstance, and He only can hold the balance between the guilt and innocence, the merit or demerit, of His créature. So far as my own~will goes, 1 leave my inner spiritual biography to the Recording Angel, choosing only to give some recollections and memories of my outer literary life. For spiritual self-analysis in matters of religion and affection 1 desire to be as silent as 1 can be but in such a book as this absolute taciturnity on such subjects is practically impossible. For the matter,. then, of autobiography, 1 decline its higher and its deeper aspects as also Iwish not to obtrude on the public eye mere domesticities and priva-oies of life, But inainly lest others less acquainted 'with. thé petty incidents of my career should hereafter take up the task, 1 accede with all anl ness and humility to what seems to me like a present oall to duty, having little time to spare at seventy-six, so near the end of my tether,-and protesting, as 1 well may against the charge bf seinsh egotism in a book neces-sarilyspotted on every page with the insignificant letter I and while~ of course on human-nature-principles, wiUing enough to exhi.bit myself at the best, promising also -not to hide the second best, or worse than that whereloan perceive it.. That shrëwd old philosopher, Benjamin Franklin, thus excuses his own self-imposed task of autobiography, and 1 cannot do better than quote and adopt his wise and just remarks In thus employing myself, 1 shall yield to thé in-clination so natural to old men, of talking of themselves and their own actions, and I shaJl indulge it without being tiresome to those who, from respect to my a~e, might conceive themselves obliged to listen to me, since they will always be ee to read me or not. And I may as well confess it, as the denial would be believed by nobody 1 shall, perhaps, not a little gratify my own vanity. Indeed, I never heard or saw the introduotory words, Without vanity 1 may say,' c., but some vain. thing immediately followed. Most people dislikovanity in others, whatever share they may have of it them-selves but 1 give it fair quarter wherever 1 meet with it, being persuaded that it is often productive of good to the possessor, and to others who are within his sphère of action and there re, in many cases, it would not be altogether absurd if a man were to thank God for his vanity among the other comforts of life. And now 1 speak of thanking God, 1 désire, with ail hunulity, to acknowledge that 1 attributë the happi-nesa of my past life to Bis divine providence, which led me to the means 1 used, and gave the success. My belief of this induces me to hope, though I must not ~fesM~e, that the same gbodness will still be exeroised towards me in continuing that happiness or enabling me to bear a fatal reverse, which î may expérience as others have done the oomplexion of my future fortune being known. to Him only in whose power it is to. bless us, even in our afHictions. Thus speaketh the honest wisdom of Benjamin Franklin. I do not see that a better plan can be chosen for carry-ing out the title of this book than the one 1 have adopted, namely, tracing from the earliest years to old age the author's literary life-work, illustrated by accounts of, and spécimens from, his various books and writings, especially those which are absolutely oùt of print, or. haply have never been published. No doubt, in auch excerpts, exhibited at their best, the critical accusations of un irness, self-seeking, and so foith, will be'made, and may be met by the true considération that some-thing of this sort is inevitable in autobiography. How-ever, for the matter of vanity, ail 1 know of myself is the tact that praise, if consciously undeserved, only de-presses me instead of elating that a noted characteristie of mine through life bas been to hide away in the rosr rather than rush to the front, unless, indeed, forced for-wald by duty, when I can be bold enough, if need be and that one defect in me ail know to be a dislike to any assumption of dignity-surely a eling the opposite to self-conceit whilst, if I am not true, simple, and sin-cere, 1 am worse than I hope 1 am, and all my friends are deceived in their kind judgment of me. But let this book speak for itself 1 trust it is honest, charitable, and rationally religious. If 1 have and I show it tcrough aJl my writings a s of every denomination, that feeling I take to be due to some ancient heredity ingrained, or, ~nore truly, inburnt into my nature from sundry pre-Lutheran ooNfessors and martyrs of old, from whom I claim to be deacended, and by whose spirit 1 am imbued. Not but that.I profess myself broad, and wide, and liberal enough for ail manner of allowances to others, and so far as any narrow pre-judices may be imagined of my idiosyncrasy, 1 must allow myself to be changeable and uncertain-though hitherto having steered through life a fairly straight course-and that sometimes 1 can even doubt as to my politics, whether they should be defined Whig or Tory as to my religion, whether it is most truly chargeable by the epithet high or low as to my likings, whether 1 best prefer solitude or society as to literature, whether gaieties or gravities please me most. In fact, 1 recognise good in everything, though sometimes hidden by evil, right by intention, at least in sundry doctrines and opinions otherwise to my judgment wrong, and 1 am wifling to believe the kindliest of my opponents who appear to be honest and'eamest. This is a very ir creed for a citizen, of the world, whose motto is Terence's famous avowal, Homo sum, humani nihil a me alienum puto. CHAPTER II. INFANOY AND SOHOOLDAYS. IN a short and simple way, then, and without any desire ostentatiously to chronicle small béer, as lago sneers it, I suppose it proper to state very briefly when and where 1 was born, with a word as to my parentage. Ju y 17,1810, was my birthday, and No. 20 Devonshire Place, Marylebone, my birthplace, at that time the last house of London northward. My father, Martin Tupper, a name ever honoured by me, was an eminent médical man, who twice refused a baronetcy first from Lord Liverpool, and secondiy, as offered by thé Duke of Wellington my mother, Ellin Devis Marris, being daughter of Robert Marris, a good landscape artist, of an old Litioolnshire family, and made the heiress, as adopted child, of her aunt, Mrs. Ellin Devis, of Devon-shire Place and Albury. My father's family have sojourned 336 years in Guernsey, having migrated thither from Thuringia, t'KÏ Hesse Cassel, owing to religious persécution in the evil days of Charles V., our remote ancoators being styled Von Topheres chieftains, or head-lords of Treffurth as is recorded in the horaldic MSS. of the British Museum , that being the origin of our name. Of my mother's family in old time Maris, as of the sea, with mermaids for heraldry , 1 have the commis-aions of one who was an Ironside cavalry omcer, signed by Cromwell and Fairfax and several of her relatives besides her father were distinguished artists. In par-ticular, her uncle my wife's father , Arthur William Devis, the well-known historical painter, and her great-uncle, Anthony Devis, who filled Albury House with his landscapes. Somo of our old German stock crossed the Atlantic in Puritan times, and many of the name have, attained 'wealth and position both in Canada and thé Ùnited Statea notably Sir Charles Tupper northwards, and sundry rich merchants in New York, Virginia, and the Carolines southwardiy. Of my in ncy let me record that 1 enjoyed very délicate health, chieny due, as I now judge, to the con-stant cuppings and bleedings whereby thé faouHy of those days combated teething nts, and perhaps with Malthusian proclivities killed off young chiidren. 1 remember, too, that thé broad meadows, since developed into Regënt's Park and Primrose Hill, then- truly rural, and even up to Chalk Farm, then notorious for duels, were my nursery ramblings in search of cowslips and new milk. AIso, that once at least in those' infantile days, my father took me to see Winsor's Patent Gasiights at Carlton Hoùse, and ho~ he prognosticated the domestio failure of so perilous an explosive, more than one blowing-up having carelessly occurred. Another infantile recollection is mémorable, as thus. My father's annual lioliday happened one year to be at Bognor, where a patronpatiéiit ôf his, Lord Arran, rented a pleasant villa, and he h'ad ~br a visitor at thé timono lésa a personago than George thé Third it .must hâve been during some lucid interval, perhaps after the Great Thanksgiving at St. Paul's. My father took his little boy with him to call upon the Ear!, not thinking to see the Eing but when we came in there was his kind-hearted Majesty, who patted my curis and gave me his blessing 1 How far the mysterious efficacy of the royal touch affected my after career believers in the divine rights and spiritual powers of a king may speculate as' they please.. At all events I got a good man's blessing. I remember also in my nursery days to have heard this curious story of a dream. My father, when a young man, was a student at Guy's Hospital, from which school of medicine he went to Yarmouth to attend the wounded after the battle of Copenhagen. He was on one occasion leaving Guernsey for Southampton in the clumsy sea-going smack of those days, when, on the night before embarking, he dreaint, that on his way to the harbour he crossed the churchyard and fell into an open grave. Telling this to his parents at The Pollet, they would not let him go, with a sort of superstitions wiedom for, strangely enough, the smack was seized on ita voyage by a privateer, and all the crew and passengers were consigned-for twelve years-to a French prison 1 1 have heard my father tell this tale, and noted early how true was Dr. Watts' awkward line, On little things what great depend. I might say more about warnmgs in dreams and other somnolencies, whereof we all have expériences. For instance, my Dream of Ambition in Proverbial Philosophy was a real one. And this re-minds me now of another like sort of spiritual monition alluded to in my Proverbial Essay on Truth in Things False, whioh bas several times occurred to myself, as this, for example Years ago, in Devonshire, for the first time, 1 was on the top of a coach passing through a town-I think it was Crediton-and 1 had the strangé feeling that 1 had seen all this before now, we changed horses just on this sida of a cross street, and 1 resolved within myself to test the truth of the place being new to me or not, by prophesying what 1 should see right and left as we passed to my consternation it was all as 1 had foreseen,-a market-place with the usual incidents. Now, if reasonably asked how to account for this and most of us have felt the like , I reply that possibly in an elevated state of health and spirits the soul may out-run the body, and literally foresee coming events both real and ideal. But we must leave this to the Psychical Society for a judgment upon the famous Horatian philo-sophy of more things in heaven and earth, c. On Mr. Galton's topic of hereditary talent 1 have little to report as to myself. Neither father nor mother had any leanings either towards verse or prose but my mother was an excellent pianiste and a fair landscape painter both in oils and water-colour also she drew and printed on stone, and otherwise showed that she came of an artistic family. As to my ther's surroundings, his brother Peter, a consul-général in Spain, wrote a tragedy caUed Pelayo and 1 possess half-a-dozen French songs, labelled by my father in my late dear father's handwriting, but whether or not original, 1 cannot tell. As a Guernsoyman, he might well be as much Frenoh as English. They seem to me clever and worthy of Beranger, though long before him possibly they are my grandsire's. A very fair judge of French pootry., and himself a good Norman poet, Mr. John Sullivan of Jersey writes and tells me that the songs are excellent, and that he remembers them to have been popularly sung when he was a boy. About the matter of hereditary bias itself, we know that as with animais so with men, fortes creantur for-tibus, et bonis this so far as bodies are concemed but surely spirits are more individual, as innumerable instances prove, where children do not take after their parents. If, however, I may mention my own small ex-perience of this matter, literary talent, or at all events aùthorship, is hereditary, especially in these days of that general epidemic, the cacoethes scribendi. I wrote this paper following originallyfor an American publication and as I cannot improve upon it, and it has never been printed in England, I produce it here in its integrity. A true and genuine record of what English schools of the highest class were more than sixty-five years ago cannot fail to have much to interest the present genera-tion on both sides of the Atlantic if only because we may now indulge in thé self-complacency of being every-way wiser, bétter, and happier than our recent forebears. And in setting myself to write thèse early revelations, 1 wish at once to state that, although at times neces-sarily naming names for the too ireq~ent use of dashes and asterisks must otherwise destroy the verisimilitude of plain truth-telling , I desire to say nothing against or for either the dead or the living beyond their just déserts, and 1 protest against any charge of unreason-abio want of charity as to my whilom schools and sohoolmasters, It is true that sometimes 1 loved them not, neither can I in general respect their memory but thé causes of such a feeling on my part shaH be made mamfest amon, and 1 am sure that modem parents and guardians will rejoice that much of my childhood's hard expérience bas not been altogether that of their own boys. I was sent to school much too soon, at the early âge of seven, having previously had for my home tutor a well-remembered day-teacher in little Latin and lèse Greek of the name of -Swallow, whom I thought a wit and a poet in those days because one niorning he pro-duced as an epitaph on himself the following effusion Beneath this atone a Swallow lies, No one laughs and no one cries Where he is gone or how he fares No one knows and no one oares. At this time of day I suspect this epigram not to be quite original, but it served to give me for the nonce a. high opinion of the pundit who read with me Cornelius .Nepos and Csesar and some portions of that hopeless grammar, the Eton Greek, in thé midst of his hard-breathing consumption of perpétuai sandwiches and béer. The nrst school chosen for me though expensive, .there could not have been a worse' one was large mixed establishment for boys of all ages, from infancy to early manhood, belonging to one Rev. Dr. Morris of EgglesËeld House, Brentford Butta, whioh I now judge to have been conducted solely with a view to the pro-prietor's pocket, without reference to the morals, happi-ness, or education of the pupils committed to his care. AU 1 care to remember of this false priest and there werë many such of old, whatever may be the ca~e now are his cruel punishments, which passed for discipline, bis careful cringing to parents, and his careless indi1fer-ence towards their children, and in brief bis total un6t-ness for the twin duties of pastor and teacher. A large private school of mixed ages and classes is perilously liable to infection from licentious youths left to them-selves and their evil propensities, and 1 can feelingly recollect how miserable for nearly a year was that poor little helpless innocent of seven under the unrestricted tyranny of one Cooke in after years a life convict for crime who did ail he could to pollute the infant mind of the little fag delivered'over to his cruelty. Cowper's Tirocinium well expresses thé situation Would you your son should be a sot or dunoe, Lasoivious, headstrong, or all these at once, Train him in publie with a mob of boys, Childish in misohief only and in noise, Elae of a mannish growth and, five in ten, For infidelity and lewdness, men. My next school was. more of a success for Eagle House, Brookgreen, where 1 was from eight to eleven, had for its owner and headmaster a most worthy and excellent layman, Joseph Railton. Mr. Railton was gentle, though gigantic, fairly learned, just and kindly. His school produced, amongst others eminent, the fitmous naval author Kingston, well known from cabin-boy to admirai there was also Lord Paulet, some others of noble birth, and thé two Middletons, nick-named Taukees, whom years after 1 visited at their rained mansion in South Carolina after thé Confederate War. 'fhrough.the personal good influence of'honest Old Joe, and hie middle-aged housekoeper, Mrs. Jones, our whole well-ordëredcompanyofperhapsahundred boys lived and learned, workod and played purely and happily together so great a social benefactor may a good school chieftain be. I have little to regret in my Brook Green recollections the annual fair was mémorable with Richardson's show and Gingel's conjuring, and the walks for mild cricket-ing at Shepherd's Bush, and the occasional Sundays at home and how pleasant to a schoolboy was thé generous visitor who tipped him, a good action never forgotten. and the garden with its flowering tulip-tree, and the syringaa and rose-trees jewelled with the much-prized emerald May-bugs for the whole garden was liberally thrown open to us beyond the gravelled playground all being now given. over to monks and nuns. Then I recollect how a rarely-dark annular éclipse of the sun convulsed the whole school, bringing smoked glass to a high premium and there was a notable boys library of amusing travels and stories, all eagerly devoured and old Phulax thé house-dog, and good Mr. Whitmore an usher, who gave a certain small boy a diamond prayer-book, greatly prized then, though long since'lost, and suitably inscribed for him ~T~M~~cM~x c~ceM and the speech days, wherein the aame émail boy always signalised himself, to thé general astonishment, for he was usually a stammerer, owing much to thé early worries of Brentford ail these are agreeable réminiscences. My next school at eleven was Qharterhouse, or as my schoolfellow Thackeray was wont to style it, Slaughtër. house, no doubt from the cruel tyranny of another educational D.D., the Rev. Dr. Russell. For this .man and the school he so despotioally drilled into passive servility and pedantio scholarship, I have less than no révérence, for he worked so upon an over-sensitivë nature to force a boy beyond his powers, as to fix for many years the infirmity of stammering, which waa my affliction until past middle life. As for tuition, it must all have grown of itself by dint of private hard grinding with dictionaries and grammars, for the exercises, themes, and other lessons were,notoriously difficult, and those before me would be inextricable puzzles now however, we had to do them, and we did them, unhelped by any teacher but our own iridustry. As for the masters in school, two more ignorant old parsons than Chapman and Bob Watki could not readily be found and though the four others, Lloyd, Dickens, Irvine, and Penny were somewhat more intelligent, still aJl six in the lower school were occasionally summoned to a concio, if the interprétation of any ordinary passage in Homer or Virgil or Horace was haply in dispute between a monitor and his class. In the upper school the single really excellent teacher and good clergyman, Edward Churton, had but one fault, a meek subserviency to the tyrannie Russell, who domineered over ail to our universal terror and 1 remember kindly Mr. Churton once affected to tears at the cruelty of his chie What should we think, nowadays of an irate schoolmaater smaahmg a child's head between two books in his shoulder-of-mutton hands till the nose bled, as 1 once saw Or, in these milder times when your burglar or garotter is visited with a brief whipping, what shall we judge of the wisdpm or equity of some slight fault of idleness or ignorance being visited with thé Reverend Bootor's terrible sentence Allen, three rods, eighteen, amdmostaBverely ? 1 Let me comment on this line, one of a sharp satire by a boy hamëd Barnes, long since an Indian ,Judge and 1 suppose translated Eisewhere. Allen was head gown-boy, and so chief executioner, thé three roda being some five-feet bunches of birch amned with buds as sharp as thorns, renewed after six strokes for fresh excoriation 1 sometimes the exhibition was in medio, a. public terror to evil-doers, or doers of nothing, but usually in a sort of side chapel to the lower school where the whipping-block stood. Who oould tolerate such things now and who can wonder that I, aa a lad, proclaimed that 1 would rather die than be flogged, for 1 had resolved in that event to commit justifiable homicide on my Bogger? 1 I do not mean Allen, who became Head of Dulwich Collège, and with whom I hâve since dined annuaUy as donor of a picture there, but Russell, concerning whom 1 vowed that if ever ho was made a Bishop happily he wasn't 1 would desert the Church of Englamd as yet I have nôt, albeit it has lately become so papalised as to be little worth an honest Protestanfs adhérence. As to the exclusively dassic education in my young days, to the resolute neglect of all other languages and sciences, I for myself have from youth upwards always protested against it as mainly waste of time a.nd of very little service in the battle of life. For proof of this, before 1 waa eighteen, I wrote that essay on Education to be seen in my first series of Proverbial Philosophy, whieh long years after the celebrated Dr. Binney of the Weigh-house in Thames Street issued with my leave as a tractate useful. to the present génération. And while there was so much fuss made as to the criminality of a false quantity in Greek, or a déficient acquaintance with those awkward verbs in ~ii, or above ail a fa se con-cord every one of which derelictiona in duty mvdved severe punishment , let us remember that all this time Holywell Street was sunered to infect Charterhouse with its poison I speak of long ago, before Lord Camp-bell's wholesome Act , and that our clerical tutors and governors profëssionally recognised no sort of sins or shortcomings but those committed in classt 1 They practically ignored everything out of school, much as a captain knows nothing of his company off duty. It was the idle system of boys set to govern boys, that the masters might hâve no damage. 1 think the system was called Lancastrian. One very noticeable trait in the pajson-schoohnasters of those old days and perhaps it still survives was the subserviency to rank and wealth towards any pupils likèly to give them livings, whereof more anon at présent, an appropriate instance ocours to me. 1 was in my thirteenth year monitor of the playground, when one Dillon, a scion of a titled family, hunted and killed a stray dog there, and much to their credit for humanity a number of other boys hunted and pelted him into a dry ditch or vallum, dug for the leaping-pole under a Captain Cliaa who taught us athletics. 1 was technicaJIy responsible for this open insult offored to Hibemiam nobility, however well disposed to look another way and let lynch-law take its course.' Accord-ingly, the Doctor had me up for punishment, and he inflicted an almost impossible imposition, Book Epsilon of the Iliad the longest of ail to be translated word for word, English and Greek, and to be given to him in MS. within a month it would have been work for a year , that or expulsion. Had Mr. Dillon been a plebeian, no notice would have been taken of the matter, but he was an honourable, so Russellmust a avenge his-righteous punishment. However, the result of this outrageous set-task was curious and worthy of this ita first and only record. AU the seventy boys in Irvine's house and others elsewhere, volunteered to do the whole imposition for me, and within a week hundreds of pages closely written with Greek and Latin, were sewn together, making a large quarto pamphlet, whioh was duly handed by me to the won-dering Doctor who had, however, too much shrewd-ness to care to inquire closely as to this popular out-burst of a general indignation, so, he said nothing more about it. For other playground réminiscences I saw, even in those tame times for cricket when overhand bowling was illegal, and the fierce artillery of a Spofforth im-possible, a poor lad killed in the field, one Honourable Benry Howard he was taken to the pump for recovery, as from a swoon, but the bail had struck.him behind the ear, stone-dead. Again as to that pump it was some times maliciously used for sousing unfortunate- day-boys, who were allowed two minutes law out of school to enable them to escape pursuit after lessons, most un-' justly, and injuriously, seeing that old Sutton founded his Charterhouse mainly for day-boys John Leech waa one in my time and for pensioners old Cods whereof Colonel Newcome of Thackeray fame, was another but both of these charity classes were utterly despised and ignored by the reverend brigands who kept all the loaves and fishes for themselves. One remarkable playground experience was the fact that it helped to dévelop in me antiquarian inclina-tions, and my own discoyered hunting-ground for Homan numismatics in the south of Englahd, long after~ wards expanded in Farley Heath near Albury. At Charterhouse there was a great slope or semi-mound which had in old times been utilised as a wholesale grave for the victims of plague and other épidémies. It strikes me now as most perilous, but we boys used. to dig and scratch among bones and other ~ rM for an occasional coin or lead token, whereof I found several it is only a wonder that we did not unearth pestilence, but mould is fortunately very antiseptic. Another playground peculiarity was that after the hoop season, usually driven in duplicate or triplicate, the hoops were stored or shied into the branching elms, from wbich they were again brought down by hockey-sticks flung at them a great boon to the smaller boys who thus gratuitously. became possessed of valuable properties. And for aM else, there wore fights behind the school, in those pùgilistic days scientifically conducted with seconda and bottleholders, and some claret drawn, and other like faahionable brutalities also in its season came footbaïï, but not quite so nercely fought as it is now and there was Mr. Rackwitz, the man of sweeta and pàatries at the corner and another sort of rackets in the tennis court and for another sort of court there waa then extant a bit of ruinous Gothic in old Rutland Court, a ghostly entrance from Charterbouse Square, some thoùght haunted, and long since cleared away And now crossing the Square we corne tq No. 41, thé Queen Anne fashiohed mansion where Mr, Andrew Irvine another Reverend Master, who like ail the rest, except Churton, almost never did duty, and when he did manifestly could neither read, preach, nor pray had a housefui of pupils, whereof the writer was one, That long room is full of ancient memories of past and gone Carthusians, though it is now humiliated into a local charity school. I remember some humorous scenes there, chiefly owing to the master's notorious niggardiiness. Andrew had some Gruyere cheese, easily accessible to the boyish plunderers of his larder. Now we had complained that our stabs of butter laid between the eut sides of the rolls often were sait and strong, so one Punsonby afterwards an earl man-aged to put a piece of highly-flavoured Gruyère into a roll, and publicly at breakfast produced it before Mr. Irvine as a proof of the bad butter provided by the un-fortunate housekeeper. He was overborne against his own convictions, by the hcroic impudence of chief big boys whom he dared not offend, and actually pretended indignation, promising better butter in future 1 For another small scholastio recollection Andrew's Indian brother had brought over a lot of ouriosities from the East, including a rhinocéros skin, and bows and arrows, idols, and the like, ail of which were carelessiy stored away in a cellar near thé larder aforeaaid Of course thé boys made a raid upon such spoKa opima, and divers portions of that thick hide were exhibited as Indian rubber but Andrew never knew that many other things vanished, and that for example Knighton used to walk home on Saturdays with preternaturally stin' arms, an arrow possibly poisoned being hid in each sieevet some creeses also were appropriated by. bthers. I wonder if any Carthusian of my time sur-vives as the possessor of such loot. Lot me record, too, that in those evil days for 1 am not one who can think this, age aa pejor avis boys used to go, on their Monday momings' retum from thé weekly holiday, out of their way to see the wretches hanging at Newgate that the scenes of cruelty to animais in Smithfield were terrible that books of the vilest character were circulated in the long-room and that both morality and religion were ignored by the seven clergymen who reaped fortunes by neglecting five hundred boys. If more memories are wanted of those times, here are two the planned famine on one occasion, when-under monitorial inspiration-ail the juniors clamoured for more, more, seeing they had slabbed on the underside of tbe tables masses of bread and butter supposed tô have been eaten-out and on another, that lobsters, surreptitiously obtained from out-ô~-bounds by the big boys were sworn in the M of their smaller claws to be pieces of seaJing-wax 1 and nothing else at ieast a reckless young aristocrat declared that they were so,-and the mean-spirited Andrew, fearful of giving offence in such high quarters, pretended to believe him. Yet another trifle for I find that, such trivials are attractive to homeflock readers, by whose taste I feel the more public pulse, even as Rousseau did with his house-keeper. We, that is Knighton and Ellis and I, used to return on Sunday night in my father's carnage by the back way of Clerkenwell to Charterhouse in order to avoid the crowds of oattle and I well. remember that some-times we would utilise apples and nuts from the dessert as missiles from our carriage window as we sped along. Alas on one occasion Knighton was skilfui enough to smash a. ohemiet's blue bottle with an apple,-and on another I am aware that an oil lamp in Cârthusian Street succumbed to m~ only too-truo cockshy Et hoc meminisse d'oS~M~ Another incident was amusing in its way. PoorMr. Irvine who was going to be married mended up, very much smashed greenhouse to greet his bride thereby with floral joy. Unluckily, the boys preferred broken panes to whole ones, so nothing was easier than by flinging brickbats and even mugs over the laundry wall to revel in the sweet sound of smashed glass moreover this would go to evidence the popular animosity against a wretched bridegroom. Then, when he reappeared aftèr some temporary absence before the wedding, it was after this ridiculous fashion. There was a wooden staircase screened off one side of the long-room down which he would occasionally creep to listen at the door at bottom to the tattle of the boys about him. Ee was heard creaking downstairs, and some active young fellow by a round-about byway managed to steal down behind and suddenly pushed him by the burst open door, spread-eaglé fashion, into the laughing long-room f The poor victim pretended it was an acci-dent, Ye see, Mr. Yates, I was coming down the stair, and me foot slipped. It seems that the luckless Andrew was coming, so he averred, expressly to expostulate'with thé boys, to throw himself on their generosity for a subscription towards his ruined greenhouse, and to ask Messrs. Punsonby, Yates, Co. to promote it. This they promiséd to do, and did after an original fashion. Soveral pounds worth of pence and half-pence were dis-tributed through the house, so that when Andrew with his traitorous aides went round to collect monies, it miraculouslyhappened to be all coppers, unrelieved by single sparkle of silver or gold. On which, in a red rage and he often was in the like he flung the whole bowlful into the long-room fire, from the ashes whereof for days after the small boys gladly collected hot half-pence.. We must recollect that the canny Scot was a mean over-reaching man, so perhaps he was well paid out. Soon after the wedding, the bridegroom held high festival, and gave a grand dinner to all tho masters. Our big boys were equal to the occasion, and as the hired waiters from thé Falcon brought out the viands all was a delusive peace as they went in our harpies flew upon the spoil, and each meat, fish and fowl was cleared off the great dishes held between the helpless hands of the astonished servitors I It was really too bad, but if a man is so manifestly unpopular no doubt he deserves it. Rugbeians would not have so served Arnold. Nearly ail .my schoolmates are dead, and 1 cannot call on Charles Roe or Frank Ellis to corroborate mysmall anecdotes, but 1 oouldtill latelyon Sir William Knighton and one or two more. lu a crowd of five hundred scholars Russell's average number, afterwards much diminished, until Godalming brought up the tale , there must be many still extant and of eminence whom 1 would name if 1 did'but know them. Certamiy, yes, Trevelyan was mynext neighbour in the emeriti, and there was Hebert, the one distinguished in the State, the other in the Church also Cole, and his noble chief of Enniskillen, whom 1 have visited at Florence Court and Walford, our great genealogist, with many more among the more recent dead, let me mention my good friend Arohibald Mathison, lately an Indian Judge, and Robert Curzon, and Arthur Helps, the historian of Mexico. Thackeray 1 knew then but very slightly, as he waa a. lower schoolboy, and John Leech not at all, because he was a day boy, seeing that the upper schoel was made to keep foolishly aloof from all such however, in aftër yeara 1 made good acquaintance with both of those true gemuses, and had Leeoh down toAlbury, and tô illustrate my tales, whilst 1 hâve several times com-pared judgments with Thackeray as to Doctor Birch and his young friends and other scholia. For the matter of my practical education at Charter-house, 1 like others went through the usual course, though without much distinction. 1 never gained'a prize, albeit 1 tried for some, by certain tame didactic poenis on the Tower, Oarthage, and Jerusalem, and as 1 couidn't as a' stammerer speak in school, high places were out of my reach. Like others, however, 1 learned by heart ail Horace's odes and epodes, the Ajax and thé Antigone of Sophocles, and other like efforts of memory, almost useless in after life, except for capping quotations, and thereby being thought a pedant by the display of schoolboy érudition. How often have 1 wished that thé years wasted over Latin verses and Greek plays had been utilised among French and German, astronomy, geology, chemistry and the like but all auch usefui educationals were quite ignored by the clerical boobies who then profëased to teaeh young gentlemen all that they needed' to know. Sixty years ago 1 perceived what we all see now teste Lord Shèrbome that a most imperfect daa' sical education, such as was then provided for us, was the least useiul introduction to the real business of life, except that it was fashionabio and gave aman some false prestige in ~he circle of society. At about sixteën 'I left Charterhouse for a private tutor, Dr. Stocker, then head of Elizabeth Collège, Guernsey, seeing my father wished to do him a service for kindly private reaaons 1 was not at the Collège, but a pupil in his own house however, as this other Rev. D.D. proved a failure, 1 was passed on to a Rev. Mr. Twopony of Long Wittenham, near Dorchester, staying with him about a year with like little profit when I changed to Mr. Holt's at Albury, a most worthy friend and neigh-bour, with whom I read diligently until my matricula-tion at Oxford, when 1 waa about nineteen. With Holt, my intimate comrade waa Harold Browne, the present Bishop of Winchester, and he will remember that it was our rather mischievôus object to get beyond Mr. Holt in our prepared Aristotle and Plato, as we knew he had hard work to keep even in the race with his advanced pupila by dint of midnight oiL With this good. tutor and thé excellent ministrations- of Hugh M'Neile, the famous rector of Albury, my s~MS ~Mpt~rM comes technically to an end, Oxford being practically indepen-dencë albeit I am sure that education can cease only with human life, even if it be not carried further, onward and upward, through the cycles of eternity.. As I did not care to stop the continuity of this gossiping record perhaps too 'light and too frank, but it ia best unalterèd 1 must now hark back for a few years, to fill in whatever small details of early life and primitive literature happenèd to me, between schôol and collège. Truly, much of this amounts to recording trivialities but boyhood, not tô say life also, is màde up of trifles and there is always interest to a reader in personal anécdotes and experiences, the more if they are lively rather than sévère. Let this excuse thatlengthyaccoùntof MySohooIdays. CHAPTER III. YOUNG AUTHORSHIP IN VERSE AND PROSE. OT my earliest MS., written soon after my seventh birthday, 1 have no copy, and only a very confused memory but 1 remember that my good mother trea-sured for years and showed to many friends something in the nature of an elegy which a broken-hearted little brother wrote on thé death of an infant sister from his first school this is only mentioned in case any one of my older readers may possibly supply auch a lost MS. in a child's roundhand. At school, chiefly as a young Carthusian, I frequently broke out into verse, where prose translation was more properly required seeing that it pleased my indolence to be poetical where 1 was not sure of literal accuracy, and I may add it rejoiced me to induce a certain undermaster to suspect and some-times to accuse this smaR pootaster of having cribbed his metrical version from some unknown collection of poems however, he had always to be satisfied with my assurance as to authenticity, for he was sure to be bamed in his inquiries elsewhere. One. suoh instance is extant as thus,-for 1 kept a copy, aa the assembled Charterhouse masters seemed to think it too good to be original for a small boy of twelve to thirteen. Hère then, as a specimen of one of' my early bits of literature, is a genuine and unaltered poem for any modern improvements would not be honest in the shape of a translated Greek epigram from the Anthologia. 1 was head of the lower school then, and 1 remember the father of Bemal Osborne patting my curly locks and scolding his whiskered son for letting a small boy be above him. Much about this time, and. until 1 left Charterhouse at sixteen, there ,proceeded from my pen numerous other mild rhymed pieces and sundry unsuccessful prize poems 6. three on Carthage, the second Temple of Jérusalem, and the Tower of London, whereof 1 have schoolboy copies not worth notice besides divers metrical translations of Horace, ~Sschylus, Virgil and a few songs and album verses for young lady frionds, one Not Juno's eye of fire divine Can vie my Melite, with thine So heavenly pure and bright Nor can Minerves hand excel That pretty hand I know so well, So small and lily-white. Not Venus oan such charms disclose As those sweet lips of blushing rose And ivory bosom show' Not Thetis' nimble foot can tread More lightly o'er her coral bed Than thy soft foot of snow. What happinesa thy face bestows When smiling on a lover's woes t Thrice happy then is ho Who hears thy soul-subduing song,-0 more than blest, to whom bolong ThecharmsofMelitet being set by a Mr. Sala perhaps G. A. S. had a musical relative with an impromptu or two, whereof the follow-ing On a shell sounding like the sea ia a fair speci-men for a boy -1 remember thé voioe of the flood Hoarse breaking upon the roligh shore, As a linnet remembers the wood Aud his warblings so joyous before. Of course, this class of my juvenile lyrics was holiday work, and barely worth a record, except tô save a fly in amber, like this. Whiist 1 was at Charterhouse, occurred my nrst Continental joumey, when my excellent father took his small party ail through France in his private travel-ing carriage, bought at Calais for the trip it was long before raiiways were invented , and 1 jotted down in verse our .daily adventures in thé rumble. The whole journal, entitled Rough Rhymes, in divers mètres, grave and gay, waa published by the Literary Chronicle in 1826, and the editor thereof, Mr. Jerdan, says, after some compliments, thé author Is in hia sixteenth year,which fixes the date. FossiMy, a brief specimen or two of this may please take thé livelier nrst,-on French cookery if trivial, thé Unes are genuine 1 must not doctor anything up even by a word. NowMase.youmustveMifyyourverybest .I To sing how they ranaaok the East and thé West, To tell how thoy plunder the North and the South ForfoodfortheBtomaobMdzestforthëmouth Sttoh savoitry MeWs, and auoh odorons diBhes, Suchaoup~, and at Calais Bnoh capital Bahest With sauces so strange they disguiae the lèan meat That you seldom, or never, know what you're to eat i Suoh fricandeaux, fricassées epiourean, Suoh Yins-ordinaires, and suoh banquets Oiroean, And the nioe little nothings which very soon vaniah Before you are able your plate to roplenish,-Such exquisite eatables 1 and for your drink Not porter or ale, but-what do you think 1 'Tis Burgundy, Bourdeaux, real red rosy wine, Which you quaff at a draught, neat nectar, divine t Thùa they pamper the taste with everything good And of an old shoe can make savoury food, But the worst of it is that when you have done You are nearly as famish'd as when you begun For a more serions morsel, take the closing Unes on Rouen -Yes, proud Cathedral, âges pMS'd away While generations lived their little day,-France has been deluged with her patripts' blood By traitors to their country and their God,-The face of Europe has been ohanged, but thou Hast stood sublime in ohangelessness till now, Exulting in thy glorias of carved atone, A living monument of ages gone Yet-~timo hath touoh'd thee too thy prime is o'er,-A few short years, and thou must be no more Ev'u thou must bend beneaththe common fate,' But in thy veiy ruins wilt be gréât t More than enough of thia brief memory of Sixty Yews Since, wMob haa no other extant record, and is only given as a eample of the rest, equally juvenile. Three years however before this, my earliest piece printed, 1 find among my papora a very faded copy of my rat MS. in verae, being part of an attempted prize poem at. Charterhouse on Carthage, written at ~be âge of thirteen ih 1823 for auld langsyne's s saJ é I rescue its conclusion thua curtiy frôm oblivion,-though no doubt archoeologicaJIy faulty Where soulptnred temples once appeared to sight, Now dismal ruins meet the moon's pale light,-Where régal pomp once shone with gorgeous ray, And kings successive held their transient swa.y Where once the priest his saored victims led And on the altars their warm lifeblood shed,-Where swollen rivers once had amply flowed And splendid galloys down the stream had rowed, A dreary wildemess now meets the view, And nought but Memory can trace the due The poor little schoolboy's muse was perhaps quite of the pedestrian order but so also, the critics said, had been stern old Dr. Johnson's in bis London. Mere achool-exerciaes whereof I have some antique copybooks before me , cannot be held to count for much as early literature though I know not why some of my Greek lambic translations of thé Psalms and Shakespeare, as also sundry very respectable verrions of English poems into Latin Sapphics and Alcaics still àmong.my archives, should not have been shrined-aa they were offered at the time-in Dr. Hàig Brown's Carthusian Anthology. However somehow thèse hâve escaped printer's ink,-thû only true e~f ~nd we must therefore suppose them not quite worthy to be bracketed with the classical versification of Buchanan or even of Mr. John Milton,-albeit actually superior to sundry of the aforesaid Antholôgia Oarthusiana so of thèse we will say nothing. Of other sorts of schoqlboy literaria whereof from time to time I was guilty let me save hère by way of change one or. two of my trivial humoristics hère is one, not seen in print till now Sapphics to my Um-brella,-written on a very rainy day, in 1827. N.B. If Canning in his Eton days immortalised sapphically a knifegrinder, why shouldn't a young Carthusian similarly celebrate his gingham ? ¥ Vftiued companion of my expeditions, Wanderings, and my street perambulationa, What can be more deserving of my praises Than my umbrella 7 Under thine ample covering rejoicing, AU the canaille' tumultuously running While the rain streams and patters from thé housetops, Slow and majestic, 1 tradgo along unwetted, though an ocean Pours from thé olouds, as if some Abernethy Had given all the nubilary régions Purges oathartic 1 Others run on in piteous condition, Blaol desperation painted in their faces, While the full flood descends in very.pailfuls w Streaming upon them. Yea, 'tis as if some cnnning necromancer Had drawn a circle magically round me, Till like the wretohed viodm of Kehama, Southey's abortion N'othing like liquor ever oould approach me 1 But it is thou, disinterested odmrade, Bearest the rainy weather unoomplaining, Oh, my umbrella 1 How many hats, and 'upper Bens,' and new ooats, How many wretohed duokings hast thou eaved me Well-I have done-but must be still indebted tomy umbrella l Another such triHe may be permissible, as thus also about an umbrella, a stolen one.~ Oh the oocasion of my loss I wrote thia to rebilke the thief, 'l'he height of honesty Three friends once, in the course of conversation, Touoh'd upon honeaty No virtue better,' Says Diok, quite lost in sweet self.admiration, I'm sure l'm honest -ay-beyond the letter You know the field I rent beneath the ground My plough stuok in the middle of a fnrrow Aud there a pot of golden coins I found 1 My landlord bas it, without fail, to-morrow.' Thus modestly his good intents he told But stay,' says Bob, we soon shall see who's best, A~w~M'Ieftwithmauncountedgoldt 1 But l'U not touoh it whioh is honesteat 'Your honest acta l've heard,' says Jack, 'but I Have done much better, would that all folks learn'd it, Mine ia the highest pitoh of honesty-I borrow'd an umbrolla and-re~Mr~ N.B.-I remember that Dr. Buckland, whose geo logical lectures 1 attended, had the words Stolon from Dr. Buckland engraved on the ivoryhandie of AM umbrella -he never lost it again.. In thé way of .prose, not printed though much later on 1 have since published Paterfamiliaa's Diary bf ËYerybody's Tour 1 have kept joumala of holiday travel ~ M~, whereof 1 now make a btief mention. Six juvenile bits of authorship are before me, ranging through the summers of !828 to 1835 incluaive each neatly written in its note-book on. the spot and at. the time therefore fresh and true decorated with untûtored sketches, and ail full of interest at least to myself in old memories, faded intereste, and departed friends. As. very rare survivala of the past for who cares to keep as 1 have donc his schoolboy journals of half a century ago ~ 1 will give at haphazard from each in its order'of time a short quotation by way of sample,-a brick to represent the house. My firat, A.D. 1828, records how my good father took bis sons through the factories of Birmingham and the potteries of Staffordshire, down an iron mine and a sait mine, c. c., thus teaching us all we could learn energetically and intelligently it détails also how we were hospitably entertained for a week in each place by the magnate hosta of Holkar Hall and Inveraray Castle and how we did all touristic devoirs by lake, mountain, ruin, and palace in fact, a short volume in MS., whereof quite at random here is a speci-men page. Meirose looks at a distance very little ruinous, but more like a perfect cathedral While the horses were being changed we watked to see this Abbey, a splendid ruin, with two very light and beautiful oriel windows to the east and south, besides many smaller ones the architecture being norid Gothic. The tracery round thé capttals of pillars is in wonderful préserva-tion, looking as fresh and sharp as on the nrst day of their creation instead of the Grecian acanthus Sbo cA kail being a favourite omament. !Some of the images still remain in their niches. In the east aisle is the grave of the famous wizard, Michael Scott, and at, the foot of the tombstone a grim-lookiug Ëguie,-que! y himse!~ 1 In the ruined doisters the tracery is of the most deUcato description, foliage of trees and vegetablos being carved on them. This Abbey was fbunded by Ï~avid thé First, but repaired by James the Fourth, whioh accounts for his altered orown appearing in stone on the walls, c. c. Thé Scotch kail is ourious, as indicative of national préférence and is the wizard sti l on guard? 1 Recollootthat in those days there were no guide-books,-so every observant traveller had to record for himself what he saw. The next, in 1829, was a second visit to the Con-tinent, my first having been in 1826, with those quota-tions from Rough Rhymes which have already met your view. In this we took the usual tour of those days, Brussels and the Rhine to Switzerland, and 1 might qùote plenty thereof if space and time allowed. Here shall follow a casual page from the 1829 MS. Journal, now before me. Heidelberg bas a university of seven hundred atu-denta, who wear no particular academicals, but are generally seen with a little red or Mue cap topping a luxuriant head of hair, a long coat,. and moustaches which usually perform the function of a chimney to pipe or cigar. AU along our to-day's route extended immense fields of tobacco, turnips, and végétais of every description. Most of thé women seem to be troubled with goitres, and we observed that all who have them wear rows of gamets strung tight on the part affected, whether with the idea of hiding the deformity, or of rendering the beauty of the swelling more conapicuous, or of charming it away, I. cannot tell. The roads in these parts are much avenued with walnut trees Fels, our courier, told me that of ait trees they are most subject to be struck by lightning, and that under them is always a current of air. 1 insert his information, as he is both a sensible man, and has had' great opportu-nitios of observing, c. c. Here is a gap of three years. In 1832, my journal about Dorsetshire and the Isle of Wight is chiefly geological as this extract shows, it was mainly a search after fossil spoils at Char. mouth Would you like to see a creature with the head of a lizard, wings of a bat, and tail of a serpent ? î Such things have been, as these bones testify they are called Pterodactyls, and are as big as ravens. Thus, you see, a dragon is no chimera, but attested by a science founded on observation, Geology. As their bones known by their hollowness often occur in thé coprolites or fossil dung of Plesiosauri, mighty monsters of the deep like gigantic swans, it is thought they were their spécial prey,'for which the long and flexible neck of the Plesiosaurus is au à priori argu-ment, c. c. The 1833 journal is Welsh and, inter alia, 1 therein drew and 1 now record that recently destroyed and more recently restored Druidical movement, thé Buck-stone Il A solid mass of rock, not of living adamant but of dead,pudding-stone, seemingly 'by subtie magie poised' on the brow of a steep and high hill, wooded with oaks the top of this mass of rock is an area of fifty-four feet, its base being four, and the height twelve. It was once a logan stone, but now bas no rocking properties though most perilously poised on the side of a slope, and certainly, if in part a work of nature, it must' have been helped by art, seeing the mère action of thé atmosphere nover could have so Maotly chiselled away all but the centre of. gr vity. The secret of the Druids, in. this instance at least, was in leaving a large mass behind, which as a lever counter-acted the prépondérance of the rock. I drew on the spot two exact views of it, taken to scale,-whereof this is one,-now of some curious value, sinee its in-tentional destruction last year by snobbish party of mischievous idiots. However, I see by the papers that, at a cost of ~'goo, it has been re-placed. Let this touch suflice as to my then growing predilection for Druidism, since expanded by me into several essays tnd pamphlets, touching on that strange topic, the numerous rude stone monuments from Arabia to Mona. Thé 1834 journal regards Scotland,-a country I have since visited several times, iucluding thé Orkneys and Shetlands, and the voyage round from Thurso Cape Wrath to the Hebrides whereof, perhaps, more anon. For a specimen page of this let me give'what follows the locality is near Inverness and the Cale-donian Canal Wo now bent our steps toward Craig Phadrick, two miles north. This is the site of one of the celebrated vitrified forts, concerning the création of. which there has been so much learned discussion. And verily there is room, for there is mystery I. will detail what we saw. On the summit of a. steep hill of con-glomerate rock we could trace very clearly a double oblong enclosure of eighty yarda by twenty, with entrances east and west, a spaëe of nve yards being between the two oblongs. Thé mounds were outwardly of turf, but uuder a thin skin of this was a thick con-tinuous wall of molten stone, granité, gneiss, and sand-atone, bubbling together in a hotchpot 1 Thé existence of these forts occurring frequently on the heights and of various shapes is attempted to be explained by divers theories. One man tells us they were beacons but, nrst, what an enormous one is here, one hundred and twenty-four feet by sixty of blazing wood, timber being scarce too next, they sometimes occur in low situa-tions from which a flame could scarcely be seen thirdly, common wood fire will not melt granite. Another pundit says they are volcanic. 0 wondrous volcano to spout oblong conoentric areas of stone walls 1 Perhaps the best explanation is that the Celts cemented these hilltops of strongholds by means of coarse glass, a sort of red-hot mortar, using sea-sand and seaweed as a flux. This is Professor Whewell's idea, and with him we had some interesting conversation on that and other sub-jects. Of this Scotch tour, full of interest, thus very curtiy. Tum we now to Ireland in 18~. My record of just fifty years ago is much what it might be now, starvation, beggary, and human wretchedness of all sorts in the midst of a rich land, through indolence relapsed into a jungle of thorns and briars, quaking bogs and sterile mountains whisky, and the idle un-certain potato, combining with ignorance and priest-craft, to démoralise the excitable unreasoning race of modem Celts. Let us turn from the sad scenes of which my said diary is full, to my day at the spar caverns of Kingston. Attho bottom of a stone quarry, we clad ourselves in sack garmonts that mud wouldn't spoil, and with lit candles descended into the abyss, hands, knees, and elbows being of as much service as our feot. Now, I am not going to map my way after the manner of guido-books, nor to nickname 'thé gor-geous architecture of nature according to the caprice of a rude peasant on the spot or the fancy of a passing stranger. 1 might nll a page with accounts of Turks' tents, beehives, judges' wigs, harps, handkerchiefs, and flitches of bacon, but 1 rather choose to speak of thèse subterranean palaces with none of such vulgar similari-ties. No one eversaw such magnineence in stalactites from the black fissured roofs of antres vast and low-browed caves they are hanging, of all conceivable shapes and sizes and descriptions. Now a tall-~uted column, nôw a fringed canopy, now like a large white sheet flung over a beetling rock in the elegant folds and easy drapery of a curtain, everywhere are pure white stalactites like icicles straining to meet the sturdier mdunds of stalagmite below whilst in the smaller caves slender tubes extend from top to bottom like congealed rain. One cavern is qùite curtaihed round ivithdazztingandwaTytàpestry another has gigantic masses of the white spar pouring from its crannied roof like boiled Brobdingnag macaroni others like heâps of snowy linen lying about or hanging from the ceiling. The extent of the caves is quite unknown eleven acres I was told have been surveyed and mapped, while there are six avenues still unexplored, and you may already wander for twenty-four hours through the dis-covered provinces of the gnome king. This is not to be compared with Kentucky, perhaps not quite with Derbyshiro but it seemed to me marvellous. at the time. Let this much sumce as hinted reference to those early joumals, which, if the wôrld were ~iot already more full of books than of their readers, would be as. well worth printing in. their integrity as many Qthers of their bound and lettered brethren. In connection with thèse journals, I have beeri speoi-ally requested to add to the above this record following dated forty-four years ago as a specimen of my letter-writing in old days it has pen-and-ink sketches, here inserted by way of rough and ready illustration. The whole letter is printed in its integrity as desired, and tells its own aroheeological tale, though rather volumin-ousiy but in the prehistoric era before Rowland Hill arose, to give us cheap stamps for short notes, it was an economy to make a letter as long as possible to pay for its exorbitant postage for example, my letters to and from Oxford used to cost eightpence-or double if in an euvelope, then absurdly surcharged. My CbfMMA ~fcpe ~ MW. Sth and gth of January 1840. M? DEAR MOTEEB, AND ALL OOD DoMIOILIARS,-l suppose it to be the intention of our worship fui and right bankmpt Government that everybody write to everybody true, full, and particular accounts of allthings which he, she, or it, may have done, be doing, or be about to do and seeing I may have somothing to say which will interest you all, I fulm the gossiping intentions of the Collective Wisdom, and give you an omnibus epistle. Now, I recommend a good map, a quiet mind, and as Charley says, Attend.-Thé bright,. clear, frosty moruing of the 8th found me at Devonport, and nine o'clock beheld the same egregious individual, well-benjamined, patronising with hia bodily presence the roof of the Falmouth coach. A steam ferry-bridge took us across the Hamoaze, which, with its stationed hulks, scattered shipping, and town and country banks, made, as it always makes, a beautiful landscape. At Torpoint we first encountered venerable Cornwall and a pretty drive of sixteen miles, well wooded, and watered by several intrusions of the unsatisfied sea, brought coach and contents to Liskeard, a clean, granite, country town, with palatial inn, and in common with the whole of Devonshire and Cornwall a large many gabled church, covered with carved cathedral windows, and shadowed by ancient elms. Not being able to aecomplish everything, I heard of, but saw not, divers antiquities in the distant neighbourhood of St. Clare, aueh as a circle of stones, an old church and well, and the natural curiosity called thé cheese-ring, being a maaa of layered granite capnciousiy decomposed thèse unseen onea what a mystenous name for a three-volumed Bentleyism 1 1 do not regret, for 1 know how to appreciàte those won-ders, the only enchantment whereof is, distance. So suSered 1 conveyance to Lostwithiel, a town lying in a hollow under the pictorial auspices of Restormel Castle, whose ivied ruins up thé vaJIey are fine and Eàglandish white the l'est were bolting a coach dumer, I betook me to y church, and was charmed with a curious antique font, and the tower, an octagon gothic lantern with extinguisher atop, like this as far as memory serves me. Onward again, tht'ough St.. Blazey, and a mining district, not ill-wooded, nor unpicturesque, to the fair town of St. Austle, which the piety of Cornish ancestors has furnished with another splendid specimen of ecclesiastical archi-tecture, the upper half of the chief tower, a square one, being fretted on every stone with noiid carving, and grotesque déviées but what shall 1 say of Probus tower, which from top to bottom is covered with delicate traoery cut in granite ? it rises above the miserable surrounding village, a satire upon neighbouring de-generacy in things religions you must often have seen drawings of Probus at thé Watercolour Exhibition, as it is a regular artists' lion. At about half-past six we got'into Truro, a cleamdde Ëourishing town with London shops, a commemorative column, a fine spired church, bridges over narrow streams, and, like most other West of England towns, well paved and gas-lighted. From this, 1 had intended to go to Falmouth, but a diligent brain-sucking of coach comrades ihduced me to jump at once into a branch conveyance to Penzance, so passing aleepy Redruth, Oamborne, and St. Erth in the dark, I found mysolf safely housed at the Union Inn, Penzance, at half-past eleven. Talking of unions, the country is studded here as everywhere with'them fine buildings put to thé pemicious use of imprisoning for life those whose only crime is poverty, and destined to be metamorphosed ere long so 1 prophesy into lunatic asylums for desperate minis-terialists, prisons for the Chartists, veterinary colleges for cattle with the rot, and as one good end, hospitaJs for the poor. Near Redruth, I took notice in the moonlight of Cam-bréh, the remains of a British beacon or hill-fort, much of the antiquarian interest of which has been destroyed bya neighbouring squire having added to it modern ruins, to make it an object from his hall the whole hill, like much of the country, is sprinkled with granite blocks higgledi-piggledy, and it is a grand dispute among the pundits, whether or not the Archdruid Nature bas been playing at marbles in thèse parts I wished to satisfy myself. about it, but couldn't stop, and so there's no use in grummering about regrets. l've seen enough, to be able to judge d priori, that father Noah's flood piled the hill with blocks, which have served one Dr. Borlase and others as occasions for earning the character of blockheads.. One thing is man's doing, without ~Mc~ dispute, and that is, an obelisk in honour of old Lord De Dunstanville, which is a conspicuous toothpick on the hilltop no doubt, as in this case, nature brought the stones there, and man did hia part in arranging them poor Dr. B. would have you believe that every natural rock had been lifted here bodily for architectural purposes, and as bodily made a most elaborate. and labyrinthine ruin afterwards. At Penzànce, a broiled neh supper, and to bed by midnight, having ordered. a twilight gig, wheroin by 1 on the ninth 1 was travers. ing the beautiful bay. Penzànce is a fine town in a splendid situation the bay, bounded by the Lizard and its opposite bold brother-headland, inclosing St. Michael's Mount, and having a fertile and villa-studded background the town full of good handsome shops one like the Egyptian Hall , a large cathedralish church, and with a very special market-place, of light granite, ih the form of a plain Grecian temple, sur-mounted at the middle by an imposing dôme. As I had duly culled information from the natives, I lost no time in breakfasting, but drove off, bun in hand, to explore the country of the Druids. Now, if the matters 1 succeeded in visiting were in isolated and plain situa-tions, they might have been less disappointing but where the face of the whole soil is covered naturally with jutting rocks, and timeworn boulders of granite, one doesn't feel much astonishment to see some one stone set on end a little more obviously than thé rest, or to find out by dint of perseverance a little arrange-ment, which may or may not be accidental added to this, the cottages, and walls, and field enclosures are built of such immense blocks cleared off the surface of the fields, tbat one's mind is prepared for far more than the Druids ever did many a Stonehengeined .doorway many a Titanic pigstye, many a Pelion-on-Ossa questionable-sentry box, puts one out of conceit with our puny ancestors. I went first to the Dâns-meno, a famous stone-circle and felt'not a little voxed to find that I, little i, am feet taller than any of the uprigbts there, not 25 in number, and no bigger'than field gato-posts. It is evidently thé consecrated portion of a battlefield, for there are several single stones dotted about the noighbourhood, to mark where heroes fell like those at Inveraray, but smaller. The habit all through Comwall of setting up a stone in every~celd, for cattle to scratch themselves withal, seoms to be a sly satire against other rubbing-stones for A. S. Ses. A few dreary miles further brought me to the voonder of voonders, the Logan-Rock, which on the map is near Boskenna. The cliff and coast sceneryis superb im-mense masses of granite of all sbapes and sizes tumbled about in all directions what wonder that in such a heap of giant pebbles one should be found ricketty ? or more, what wonder that the very decomposing nature of coarse granité should have caused the atmosphère to eat away, gradually, all but the actual centre of gravity 1 both at the Logan, and Land's Eud, and Mount St. Michael, 1 am sure 1 have seen a hundred rocks wasted very nearly to the moving point, and 1 could mention specincally six, which in ao years. will rock, or in half an hour of chiselling would. In part proof of what 1 say, the Land-End people, jealous of Logan customers, have just found out a great rock in their parts, which two men can make to move 1 recommended a long-handled chisel, and have little doubt that my hint will be acted on by next season, the Cornish antiquanea will be puzzling their musty brains over marks of druidical tools essays will appear, to demonstrate 't that thé chippings were accomplished by the consecrated golden sickio thé rock will be proved to have been quar-ried at Normandy, and ferried over fa.csimiles of the cuts will be litho-graphed and the Innkeeper ofthe First and Last house in England will gratefully présent a piece of .plate a Druid Il spanning consider Ezëkiera putting the branchto the nose as a eign of contempt ! to the author of Hinta for a Chisel, Proverbial Phil. 6. !. c. But-~eMMMM-à nos MM~o~ to the Logan until it was scrupu-lousiy pointed out, by so tangible a manner as my boy-guide getting on it, I could scarcely distinguish it from the fine hurlyburly of rocks around. That it moves there is no ques-tion but when I tell you that it is now obliged to be artificially kept from falling, by a chain nxiug it behind, and a beam to rest on before, 1 think you will agree with me in muttering thé hum-bug Artists hâve so diligently falsified the view, ad captandum, that you will have some difficulty in recognising so old a friend as the Logan it is com-monly drawn as if isolated, thus, and would so, no doubt, be very astornshing but, when my memory puts it as above, stapled, and obliged to remain for Cockneys to log it, surrounded by a much more imposing brotherhood, my wondèr only ia that it keeps its lion character, and that, considering the easy explication of ita natural cause or accident, it should ever have been conceived to be man'a doing per-hapa the Druids availed themselves of so lucky a chance for miraole-mohgoring, but as to having con-trived it, you might as well aay that they built the clins. It strikes me, moreover, that Cornwall could never have been the headquarters of Druidism, inas-much as the soil is too seanty for oaks thore isn't a tree of any size, much less an oak tree in all West Corn-wall they must have eut samphire from thé rocks, instead of misletoe from oaks, and the old gentlemen must have been pretty tolerable climbers, victim and ail, to have got near enough to touch the Logan to be sure it was a frosty day, and iron-shod shoes on icy granite are not over coalescible, but I did not dare scramble to it, as a tumble would have insured a par-ticularly'uncomfortable death and although thé inter-esting Leaper from the Logan, or Martin Martyr would have had his name enshrined in young lady sonnets, and azure albums, such immortality had little charms for me. I contented myself-with being able to swear that 1 have seen 90 tons of atone moved by a child of ten years old. Near it is another, called the Jogging lady, a block, upright like ita neighbours, about 12 feet high, and which thé boy told me could only be made to log by two men with pôles in fact, one end is wom with levers well, I told him to try and move it no use, says he try, said 1 he did try, and couidn't well, 1 took a sight of where 1 thought he could do it, and set him to push forthwith. my lady tottered, and 1 told the boy, if he would only keep to himself where he pushed it would be a banknote to him. 1 mention this to illustrate what 1 verily believe, to wit, that, if a man only took the hreakneck trouble to clamber and try, he would disoover several rocking-stonea but the fact is, this would dimi-Bish thé wonder, and Cockneys wouldn't corne to aee what.is easily explained your Druids, with imaginary dynamics, invest nature's freaks with mysterious interest. But away to Toi Peden Penwith, where there is another cunosity in the smooth green middle of a, narrow pro-montory, aurrounded and. terminated by the boldest rock-scenery, strangely drops down for a perpendicular hundred feet, a circular chasm, not ill named the Funnel, and which not even a stolid Borlase can pretend was dug by the Druids at the bottom there is communica-tion with the sea by means of a cavern, and in stormy weather the rush up this gigantic earth's chimuey.must be something ter-rible will this convey a rough idea? the scenery all round is really magnificent, and the look-ing down thia black smooth stone-pit ia quite fearful it slopes away so deceitfully, and looka like a huge Hon-ant's nest, Few people see this, because you can only get at it by a walk of a mile, but I think it quite as worth seeing as the logan-rock. My next object was the Land's End, where, as elaewhere, I did signalise myself by not scpb-Ming my àutograph on a rock, or carving M. F. T. on the sod the rocky coast is of thé .eame grand character granite bits, as big as houses, noundering over each other like whalea at play the cliSs, cavernoua, castellated, moBsgrown, and weatherbeaten it looks like a Land's end, a regular break up of the world'a then useless~tba an outlier of rocks in thé sea, surmounted by a light-house looks like the end of the struggle between con-quering man, and sturdy désolation. One place, where I tremble to think I have been, atruek me as quite awfut helped by an iron-handed sailor, who comforts you in the dizzy scramble with Never fear, sir, you shan't fall, unless 1 fall too, you fearfullypick your way to thé extreme end, where it goes slick down, and lying prostrate on the slippery granite which looks disjointed everywhere, and as if it would fall with you, bodily with head strained over you see under you a dreadful cavern, open nearly to where you are, up- which roars the white and angry sea. 0 brother David, and foot-tinglihg Sire, never can you take that look and never would I again. On1y think of tipping over! ugh.-Into the gig again, beside my shrewd Sam Weller driver, and away. Here and there about this part of Cornwall are studded rude stone crosses, probably of the time of St. Colomba, as they are similar to those at Iona about two or three feet high, and very In one place, 1 noticed what seemed to be a headieaa female figure, perhaps the Virgin, and as large as life my Jehu said he had heard that it .once had a head. We soon came to a small square incloaure, said to be a most ancient cemetery 1 scrambled over thé waJl, and found among the briara and weeds one solitary tomb of a venerable and Bunio aspect, but 1 soon found out that it recorded the name of somebody who departed Y LYFE somewhere in 1577 nothing so extromely ancient. A rough rock-besprinkied hill,now attracted me, as 1 heard it was oalled another Carn-bréh, and was surmounted by some moundt or ruin so out of the gig, and up in no time. Clearly it had been an ancient beacon place, as atop are thé re-mains of a small square-built terrace inclosing some upright stones placed irregularly,-a sort of huge nre-place. One of the neighbouring rocks presented on its surface a fine specimen of what are called rock basins but unluckily for the antiquary, this excavation is on the side of the stone, not on the summit so that it could not possibly hold water, and is clearly caused by some particular moss eating away the stone.-By three o'clock returned to ~enzance, had dinner it was break-fast too , bought a mineral memorial, and in the gig. again, over the sands to the outlandishly named Mara Zion, or Market Jew, words probably of similar import. Opposite to this little place, and joined to it by a neck qf rocks passable at low-water, stands that picturesque gem, Mount St. Michael. You know the sort of thing an abrupt pyramid of craggy rock, crowned with an edifice, half stronghold and half cathedral. It is a home of the St. Aubyn family, and is vell kept up in the ancient style, but in rather a small way a portcullised entrance, old armour hanging in the guard-room, a beautiful dining-hall with carved oak roof, and panels, and chairs a chapd to match, with stained windows an elegant Gothio drawing-room, white and gold and everything, down to black-leather drinking jugs, in character with the feudal stronghold..1 mounted.the corkscrew tower, and got to the broken atone lantern they call St. Michael's chair an uncomfbrtable job, but rewarded by a splendid panorama, gilt by the setting sun in the chapel too, 1 descended into a miserable dungeon oommunicating with a monk's stall, where doubtless some self-immured peni-tent had wasted life away, only coming to thé light. for D matins, and only relieved from solitary imprisonment by midnight mass. This has been discovered but very lately in repairing the chapel it was walled up, and contained a skeleton. As a matter of course, this old castle contains a little hidden room, where that ubiqui-tous vagabond, the royal Charles, laid his hunted head the poor persecuted debauchee sponged upon all hia friends like Bellyserious Buggins. Back again, by water this time, to little Mara Zion, but ever and anon'looking with admiration on that beautiful mount the western rocks are really magnificent, as big as the largest hay-stacks, and tumbled about as loosely as an emptied sugar-basin some hanging by a corner, and others rest-ing on a casual fragmeut 1 am sure of one logan-stone, if a little impertinent bit of rock were only moved away and 1 walked under and between more Titanic architec-ture than Stonehenge can show the Druids, for my part, shall have their due, but not where they don't deserve it. At nine, after a substantial fried-fish tea, 1 mounted the night coach to Falmouth,-outside, as there was no room in, and so, through respectable Hel-. stone, remarkable for a florid Gothie arch erected to some modem worthy of the town, to decent Penryn, and then by midnight, to the narrowest of all towns, Falmouth.-1 longed to get back to my darlings, and resolved to see them by next moming, so booked an outside no room inside, as before for an immédiate start. Now, you can readily imagine that 1 was by no means hot, and though the night of Thursday last was rather mild, still it waa midwinter aooordingly 1 conceived and executed a marvellous calorificating plan, whioh evon the mail-coachmanhad nover heard of. Haying comforted my interiors with hot grog of thé stiffest, 1 called for. another shillingsworth of brandy, and deliberately emptied it, to the astonished edification of. beholders, into my boots 1 literal fact, and it kept my feet comfortable all night long. And so, wrapped all in double clothing, sped 1 my rapid way, varying what 1 had before seen by passing through desolate Bodmin, and its neighbourhood of rock, moor, and sand hot coffee at Liskeard, morning broke soon after, then the glorious sun over the sea. Hamoaze, the ferry, and Devonport at past 8. Much as 1 longed to get home, 1 went forthwith into a hot bath at 102, to boil out all chills, and thence went spick and span to my happy rest, having within 48 hours seen the best part of Cornwall and its wonders, and rode or walked 250 miles. And so, brother David, commend me for a traveller. HERE ends my Cornish expédition. Does it recall to thee, 0 sire, thine own of old time, undertaken if I remember rightly with Dr. Eidd ?-Mails then did not travel like the Quicksilver, averaging 12 miles an hour, and few people go 40 miles before breakfast. Now, 1 feel able to get nearer my Albury destination, and in a week or so, shall hope to be residmg at Dor-cb ester, near the Blandford of paternal recolleetions. Did you, dear mother, get a letter from me directed to Albury ? 1 1 hope so, for it sets all clear and if not, l'U set the nation against cheap postage. I don't feel the least confidence now in the Post OSce, forasmuch as they have no interest in a letter after it is paid, and many will be mislaid from haste and multiplicity. Pleaée to say if it came safely to hand, as 1 judge it important. If you, dear mother, got my last, 1 hâve nothing more to say, and if not, l'U blow up thé Post Omoo unpopu-larity would send all thé letters by carriers but whether or not, 1 oan't write any more, so with a due proporbion of regards rightly broadcast around, accept the remainder from-Your affectionate son, M. F. T. JN 1829 1 was entered as a commoner at Christ Cburch, Oxford, and went through the usual course of lectures with fair success. As a fumily we have all favoured Oxford rather than Cambridge my father and two cousins, Elisha and Carré, were at Exeter Collège, to take. the benefit of its Sarnian Exhibitions my brother Daniel was at Brasenose, and my brother William gained a scholarship of Triuity. Wheu at Christ Church 1 wore thé same academioal gown which my father had, -aud have it still a curious antiquity in the dress line, now some fourscore years old, and perfect for wear and appearance,-such as would have rejoiced the Sartor Resartus of Carlyle. At college 1 did not do much in thé literary line, unless it is worth mention that translations from the Greek or Latin poets were always rendered by me in verse not prose and that 1 published anonymously A Voieo from the Cloister, being an eamest appeal to my fellow-collegians against the youthfui exoesses so common in those days. From this pamphlet 1 give an extract, as it is scarce .it began with blank verse and ended with rhyme, ail being for the period courageousiy moral and religious. The end is as thus CHAPTER IV. COLLEGE DAYS. Enough, sad Muse, enough thy downward night Has oleft with wearied wing the shades of night Be drest in smiles, forget the gloomy past, And, cygnet-like, sing sweeter at the last, Strike on the ohords of joy a happier strain And be thyself, thy oheerful self, again. Hail, goodly company of generous youth, Hail, nobler sons of Temperanoe and Truth 1 I see attendant Ariels oiroling there, Light-hoarted Innocence, and Pmdenco fair, Sweet Chastity, young Hope, and Reason bright, And modest Love, in heaven'6 own hues bedight, Staid Diligence, and Eeaith, and holy Grace, And gentle Happiness with smiling face,-All, all are there and Sorrow speeds away, And Melancholy flees the sons of day Dull Caie is gladden'd with reflèoted light, And wounded Sin flies sickening at the sight. My friends, whose innate worth the wise man's praise And the fool's censure equally betrays, Acoept the humble blessing of my Muse, Nor your assistance to her aim refuse, Shoasksnotnattery, but lether olaim A kind perusal, and a secret name. 1 scarcely like to mention it, as a literary accident, but being a curious and unique anecdote it shall be atated. 1 had the honour at Christ Church of being prizetakèr of Dr. Burton'a theological essay, Thé Re-conciliation of Matthew and John, when Gladstone who had aiso contested it, stood second and when Dr. Burton had me before him to give me the .~25 worth of books, he requested me to allow Mr. Gladstone to have. worth of them, as he waa so good a second. Cer-tainly such an easy concession was one of my earliest literary triumphs. My first acquaintance with Gladstone, whom 1 have known from those college days now for more than five and 6fty years, was a memorable event, and may thus be worthy of mention. It was at that time not a common thing for undergraduates to go to the com-munion at Christchurch Cathedral-that holy célébra-tion being supposed to be for the particular benefit of Dean and Canons, and Masters of Arts. So when two undergraduates went out of the chancel together after communion, which they had both attended, it is small wonder that they addressed each other genially, in defiance of Oxford etiquette, nor that a friendship so well begun has continued to this hour. Not that 1 have always approved of my friend's politics multi-tudes of letters through many years have passed be-tween us, wherein if 1 have sometimes ventured to praise or to blame, 1 have always been answered both gratefully and modestly but 1 have ever tried to hold the balance equally too, according to my lights, and if at one time on occasion of the great Oxford election, 1864 1 published a somewhat famous copy of verses, ending with Il Orator, statesman, soholar, wit, and sage, The Orichton,-more, the Gladstone of the age, my faithfulness must in after years confess to a well-known palinode one of my Three Hundred Sonnets commencing Beware of mere delusive eloquenoe, and a still more caustio lyric, beginning with Glozing tongue whom none oan trust, and so forth, as a caution against a great man's special gift, so proverbiailly dangerous. Some of our most honest Ministers, 6. Althorpe and Wellington, have been very bad speakers some of our most eloquent oratora have proved very bad Ministers. And in this place 1 may introduce some account, long ago in print, of the famous Aristotle class under thé tutorship of Mr. Biscoe at Christ Church, wherein among far nobler and botter scholars your present confessor took the lowest seat. Fifty years ago Biscoe's Aristotle class at Christ Church was comprised almost wholly of men who have since become celebrated, some in a remarkable degree and, as we believe tbat so many namea, afterwards attaining to great distinction,~ have rarely been asso-ciated at one lecture-board, either at Oxford or elae-where, it may be allowed to oné who counts himself the least ond lowest of the company to pen thia brief note of those old Aristotelians. Let the central figure be Gladstone-ever from youth up the beloved and admired of many personal intimates although some may be politically his opponents . Aiways the foremost man, warm-hearted, earnest, hard-working, and religious, he had a following even in his teens and it is noticeable that a choice lot of young and keen intelligences of Eton and Christ Church formed themselves into a small social sort of club, styled, in compliment to their founder's initials, the W.E.G. Next to Gladstone Lord ZiMco~ used to sit, his first parliamentary patron at Newark, and through life to death his friend. We ail know how admirably in many omces of State the late Duke of Nowoaatle served hia country, and what a good and wise Mentor he was to a grateful Telemachua in Amerioa. 6~ may be mentioned thirdiy then a good-looking youth with classic features and a florid cheek, since gone to thé land of the departed after having hëaled up the wounds of India as her Governor-GeneraI. Next to the writer, one on each side, sat two more Govemors-Goneral in futuro, though then both younger sons and commoners, and now both also gone to their reward eisewhere these were J9~Mce, afterwards Lord Elgin, and ~a~sc~y, Lord Dalhousie the one famous from Canada to China, the other noted for his triumphs in the Punjaub. When at Toronto in 185 the writer was welcomed to thé aplendid hospitality of Lord Elgin, and the very lecture-room hère depicted was mentioned as a rare gathering of notables. Lord Abercorn was of thé claas, a future viceroy Lord Douglas, lately Duke of Hamilton, handsome as an Apollo, and who married a Princesa of Badeh and if Lord T~o~r M was infrequent in his attendance, at least he was eligible, and should not be omitted as a various sort of eccentrio celebrity. Then Phillimore was there, now our Dean of the Arches ~Sco~ and Liddell, both heads of housea, and even then conspiring together for their great Dictiohary. C~~OM too lately Lord De la Zouch waa at thé table, meditating Armenian and Levantine travels, and longing in spirit for those Byzantine MSS.preserved.atParham, whéré the writer has delighted to inspect them how nearly Tisohëndorf was anticipated in hia fortunate find of that earHest Scripture, no ono knows botter than Lord Zouch, who must have been close upon that great and important discovéry 1 Do~e, ,now Professor of Poetry, .Hill, of Mathematics, Vaughan, of History-all were of this wonderfui class. as aiso the Earl of celebrated as a mathematician Bishops .HcM~ oK, Denison, and M~M'~M~~A and Cornewall Lewis, late Chancelier of thé Exchequer and Kynaston, Head Master of St. Paul's and a member of Parliament or two, as, for example, Leader, once popular for West-minster. Now, other names of almost equal eminence may have been here accidentally omitted, but the writer wiU not guess at more than he actually recollects. Sometimes-for the lecture was a famous one-members of other colleges came in Sidney Herbert, of Oriel, in particular, is reinemb.ered and if Robert Lowe, of University, was only occasionally seen, it must have been because he seldom went abroad till twilight. Altogether U there were giants in those days and, without controversy, a casual class, containing more than a score ofsuch.illustrious namea as are here registered, must be memorable. The lecture-room was next to Christ Church Hall, where that délicate shaft supports its exquisite traceried roof the book was U Aristotle's Rhetoric, illustrated by each reader with quotations, a record whereof is still ~eMe~ me, and the lecturer, now no longer living, was that able. and accomplished classic, thé Révérend Robert .B~c~c. My college days are full of reoollections of men, since become famous in literature, art, science, or position of these the principal are aiready recorded as having been members of the Aristotlè class. Let me add here, that 1 lived for three weeks of my first term in the gaily adot'hed rooma in Peckwater of the wild Lord Waterford and afterwards in'Lord Osaulston'a, both being then absent from collège that Frank Buckland and his bear occupied long after I had leff my own chambers in Fells' Buildings that I was a class-mate and friend of tbe luckless Lord Conyers Osborne, then a comely and ruddy youth with curly hair and gentle manners, and that I remember how ait Oxford was horrified at his shocking death-he having been back-broken over an arm-chair by the good-natured but only too athletic Earl of Hillsborough in a wine-party frolic that Knighton, early an enthusiast for art, used to draw his own left hand in divers attitudes with his right every day for weeks and that some not quite unknown cotemporary used to personate me at times for his own benefit. As he has been long dead, I may now state that he was believed to be Lord Douglas of Hamilton. Hère is the true story. One day the Dean requested my presence, and thus addressed me I hâve long overlooked it, Mr. Tupper, but this must never occur agairi indeed I have only waited till now, because I knew of your general good conduct. What have 1 done, Mr. Dean be pleased to tell me. 'Why, sir, the porter states that this is the fifth time you have not come into college until past twelve o'clock. beg. your pardon, Mr. Dean there is some mis-take for 1 have never once been later than ten. Then, Mr. Tupper, somebody must hâve given your name in the dark and I request that you will do your best to discover who did this, and report it to met As 1 failed to do it, after some days, again the Dean sent for me and finding after question made that 1 .pretty well guessed the de~nquent but declined to expose him, the Dean kindiy added- Thia doea you crédit, sir, and I left. A few days passed, and I was brought up again with 1 think you are intended for the Church, Mr. Tupper. As well aa 1 could manage it, 1 stammered out that it was impossible, as 1 could not speak. Then he said he was sorry for that, as he meant to nominate me for a studentship. This, how-ever, never came to pass, and so the matter dropped until Dean Gaisford succeeded Dean Smith, and Joseph lost his Pharaoh. At college 1 lived the quiet life of a reading-man though 1 varied continually the desk and the book with thé constitutional up Headington Hill, or the gallop with Mr. Murrell's harriers, or the quick acull to Imey, or the more perilous sailing in a boat no wonder that Isis daims her annual victims , or the gig to Blenheim or Newton-Courtnay,-or that only once alarming ex-perience of a tandem when the leader turned round and looked at me in its nostalgie longing to return home,-or the geological ramble with Dr. Buckland's class,-or the botanic aearchings for wild rarities with some naturalist pundit whose name 1 have forgotten and so forth. In matters theological, 1 was strongly opposed to the Tractarians, especially denouncing Newman and Pusey for their dishonest non-naturalness and Num-ber Ninety and I favoured with my approval valeat quantuft Dr. Hampden. 1 attended Dr. Kidd's ana-tomical lectures, and dabbled with some chemical ex-periments-which when Knighton and 1 repeated at his father's house, 9 Hanover Square, the baronet in future blew us up to the astonishment of the baronet in ~' Me~, his famous father. AIso, 1 was a diligent student in the Algebraio class of Dr. Short, afterwards the good Bishop of St. Asaph and 1 have before me now a memoria 6cAtHOCt of mine in rhyme giving the nine chief ruies of trigonometry, but not eaaily pro-ducible here as full of élues and cosiries, arcs, chords, tangents and radii, though helpful to memory, and humorous at the time, ending with At least 1 ha.ve proved that nothing ia worse Than Trigonometiical Probleme in verse there are also similarly to be recorded my mathematical ~aMce~ with that worthy and clever Professor, A. P. Saunders, afterwards headmaster of Charterhouse and my Hebrew lectures with the mild-spoken Dr. Pusey, afterwarda so notorious and 1 know not whatever eise is memorable, unless one condescended to what goes without saying about Hall and Chapel, and Examinations how-ever, some frivolous larks in the Waterford days where-with 1 need not say the présent scribe had nothing to do, may_amuse. Hère are three 1 remember i. An edict had gone out from the authorities against hunting in pin and next morning the Dean's and the Canons' doors in quad were found to have been miraculously painted red in the night.. 2. There was a grand party of Dons at the Deanery, and as they hung their togas in the'hall for they couldn't conveniently dine in them there.waa Biched from each proctorial sieeve that mar-vellous little triangular survival of a stole which nobody can explain, and all thèse collectively were nailed on thé Dean's outer door in a star. 3. A certain gai-den of small yows and box trees was found one morning to hâve been transplanted bodily into Peckwater Quadrangle, as a matter of mystery and deSauco. And there were other liko exploits as thé immersion of that leadon Mercury into its own pond and town and gown rows, wherein 1 remembor to have seen thé herculean Lord HiHs-borough on one side of High Street, and Peard after-wards Garibaldi's Englishman on the other, clear away the crowd of roughs with their fiste, scattering them like duplicates of the hero of Corioli. Of course I dulytook mydegrees of B.A. and M.A. aud long after of D.O.L., when the Cathedral chimes rang for me, as they always do for a grand compounding Doctor. A mentionable curio of authorship on that occasion ia this whatever may be the rule now, in those days the degree of D.C.L. involved a three-hours' impriaon-ment in' the pulpit of the Bodleiau Chapel, for the candidate to answer therefrom in Latin auy theological objeçtors who might show themselves for that purpose as, however, the chapel was always locked by Dr. Bliss, tbe registrar, there was nover a possibility to make objection. So my three houra of enforced idle-neaa obliged me to use pencil and paper, -which- I happened to have in my pocket,-and I then and there produced my poem on Thé Dead -to be found at p. 26 of my Miscellaneous Poems, still extant at Gall Icglis's-a long one of eighteen stanzas, much liked by Gladstone amongst others. I didn't intend it certaiuly, but, as thé poem ends with thé word Miss, it was ridioulousiy thought that I had specially alluded to the registrar 1 ORDERS AND LINOOLN'S INN. SooN after leaving Oxford, and when some attempts to help my speech seemed to be partially successful, my father wished me to take orders, which also from reli-gious motives was my own desire for M'Neile at Albury, and Bulteel at Oxford, had been instruments of good to me, the first since 1 was 13, the other as a youug col-legian and as Earl Rivera, whom my father bad Bnan-cially assisted promised me a living, and a curacy was easy where the mère licence was enough by way of salary, 1 soon found myself standing for introductory approval before Bishop Burgess at his hotel in Waterloo Place, a candidate for orders by Examination. The godd Bishop being a Hebrew scholar was glad enough to hear that 1 with however slight a smattering had studied that. primitive tongue under Pusey and Pauli,-andi I began to hope before his awful présence. But, when he told me to read, and soon perceived my,only half-oured infirmity, he faithfully enough assured me with sorrow that 1 could not be ordained unless 1 had my speech. So that nrst and sole interview came to an untimely end for. soon after, not meaning to give up the struggle at once, 1 resolved, before my next Episcopal visit, to gp down to Blewbury, the vicarage of my friend Mr. Evanson, who had agreed to lieense me tp his curacy, in. order that by, reading the lessons in churoh 1 mi~ht CHAPTER V. practically test my competency. Of course, 1 prepared myself specially by diligence, and care, and prayer, to stand this new ordeal. But 1 failed to please even the indulgent vicar, though he got his curate for nothing, and though his fair daughter amiably welcomed the not ungainly Coelebs and as for the severe old clerk,-he naïve!y blurted out, Tell'ee what, sir, it won't do you looks well,-but what means them stops ? Allas 1 they meant thé rébellion of tongue and lips against every difficult letter, a , or a p, or a far too current,?. And so 1 came to the wise conclusion that 1 was not to be a parson. And perhaps it's as well l'm not for my natural combativeness would never have tolerated my bishop or my rector, or even the parish churchwarden, specially in these days of Ritualism and Romanism. 1 was thus thrown back upon myself and 1 now see gratefully and humbly how 1 was being schooled and forced into a mental eraofsilentthoughtfulness, iu after years the seed of several volumes as well as innumerable ballads and poems which have flown as fly-leaves over the worid. After this clerical failure, my good father urged me to turn to the law, thinking that as a chamber cpunsel my intellectual attainments and 1 had worked hard for many years might yet be availàble to society and to myself, though on the silent system but a as 1 verbal explanations are as necessary in room as at the bar 1 soon perceived that all could not be done on paper, and as 1 thoroughly hated law I speedily turned to other sorts of literature, in especial the nxing of my own rhymed or rhythmed thoughts in blaok and white. There is a small chamber in the tun'et of No. 19 Lincolu's Inn Old Square, on the second floor of rooms then belonging to my late friend Thomas Lewin after-wards a Master in Chancery, and well known not ouly for his Law books, but also for his Life of St. Paul where 1 used to dream and think and jot down Pro-verbial morsels on odd bits of paper which gradually grow to be a book. Lewin once, 1 remember, picked up from the wastepaper basket these lines which he admired much, and asked me where they came from. For that a true philosophy commandeth an innocent life, And the unguilty spirit is lighter than a linnet's heart. They occur in my Essay on Ridicule, tiret séries, so 1 Lad to confess as found out. When my book appeared Lewin offered to review it for me in the Z~o~ ?OM!eMë, then edited byhis friend Mr. Landon, L. E. L.'s brother. An unusual rush of business just then coming in to him, and the editor pressing for copy, Lewin begged me to write the Article myself, to which 1 most reluctantly assented resolving howover to be quite impartial. The result was that when 1 handed thé critique to my busy friend, he quickly said after a hurried glance, Why, this won't do at all you have eut yourself up cruelly, instead of praising, as you ought to have done. 1 must do it myself 1 sup-pose. Hère, copy out this Opinion for me, if you can read it it's Mr. Brodie's, aud 1 can't. With that he threw my MS. into the wastepaper basket, and 1 did his work for him, whilst he commended me with .duo vigour, and sent his clerk off with a too kind verdict in hot haste to the expectant editor. The mention of Brodie reminds me that 1 spent a yea.r copying old deeds in lus murky chamber, 49 Lincoln's Inn Fields, where nobody could road his hand-writing except hia clerk appropriately yclopt Inkpen , and when he couldn't it was handed back to Mr. Brodie for exposition, wherein if he himself failed, as was some-times the case, he had to write a new Opinion. Inkpen was a character, as a self-taught entomologist, breeding in me then thé rabies of colleoting moths and beetles, as a couple of boxes full of such can still prove. He lived at Chelsea, near the Botanical Gardens there and attributed his wonderful finds of étrange insecta in his own pocket-handkerchief garden to tray caterpillars and nies, c., that came his way from among the packets of foreign plants. He used also to catch small fowl on passengers' coats and blank walls, as he passed on his daily walks to his office and back, having pill-boxes in his pocket, and pins inside his hat ao secure the spoil. In the course of years he had amassed butterflies and beetles to so valuable an extent, that when he was compolled by adverse fortune tosell his cabinetaby auction at Stevens's, he netted ~1200 for his collection this he told me in later years .himself immodiately after the sale, ho com-menced collecting anew.-and having been made curator of Lincoln's Inn Fields through Mr. Brodie's interest , he soon found an infinity of new inseots.-derived per-haps û'om thé Surgeon's Hall Muséum, or straying to the nine acres bf that Garden,-is it not the area of Cephren's Pyramid ?-as a -refuge for them out of smoky London. The.good man always brought a new flower to look at every mommg while at desk work it lived in an old inkbottle of water, till one happy day I be-thought me charitably of giving him a pretty China vase,-that good man, 1 say, is now long since gone to a world of light and beauty-.whenoe, 1 am sure, Bowors and butterflies cannot be excluded. n About the same time this mémorable matter may receive a notice. One day at Brodie's chambers we heard a riotous noise in Linooln's Inn Fields, and run-ning out, 1 found that the Duke of Wellington, for some political offence, was being mobbed,-and that too on the i8th of June t He was calmly walking his horse, surrounded by roaring roughs,-a groom being behind him at some distance, but otherwise alone. Disgusted at thé scene, 1 jumped on the steps of Surgeon'a Hall, and shouted out-Waterloo, Waterloo 1 That one word turned the tide of execrations into cheers, and the Iron Duke passed me silently with a military salute as thé mob were thus easily converted mob being, as we conveyancers say, a short form for mobile, change-able and escorted our. national hero to his home in sa~ety, I really think the little incident worth recording. We are just now in the throes of such a mobocracy,-and know how much one firm policeman can avail to calm a riot. While speaking of the Duke and Apsley House, let me add here another word of some interest. My uncle, Arthur W. Devis, had painted life-sized por-traits of Blucher and Ûneisenau, which his widow had given to me and as the Duke had aiways been my father's friend, I asked his Grace if he would accept them from me this he declined, but said, get Coluaghi to value them and l'il buy them -as accord-ingly 1 did, and tbe pictures.are still 1 presume either at Apsley House or Strathfieldsaye. My small memories of the Great Duke are summed up in these four mono-syllables, plain, blunt, firm, kind. After Brodie's, my liberal father would give for me, another hundred pounds, this time to his cousin Mr. Walters of No. 12 in the Square, to make me. more learned as a conveyancer but it was ail of no use He penned a stanza when ho should engross how-ever, 1 ate my terms and was duly called to the Bar. At Walters' my most eminent colleague, amongst others, was Roundel Palmer, now Lord Selborne, who, some time after, when we both had chambers in the Inn, wanted me but I repudiated the idea to be proposed as a candidate member for Oxford University, just before Gladstone was induced to stand 1 daresay he will remember it. As to M.P.s~p I may have had other chances, but I never cared for a position of end-less care and toil by night and day, to say nothiug of my impediment of speech, and as to the magie letters I rather despised them this being one reason. Not very many years ago my brother Charles was. offered Nottingham if he would pay ~3000 for the honour,-and so 1 failed to appreciate any such distinction. I think too that votes were at one time purchasable even at Guildford, my county town but that was of course at a lésa upright aud immaculate time of day than this. At Walters' were also three of my cotomporaries,-De Morgan, who had thé business after docease of our principal, and whose brother is.or was the famous psychological philosopher Domville, since Sir Charles, 1 believe and Gunn, a West Indian, of whom the jest was to inquire of Walters, a very nervous man, if he liked us to have a gun in chambers aU these, and there were more, were clever mon and worthy, but as the tide of life Bows on I have lost sight of them. 1 hâve just found an old letter of my own, dated Deoember 28, !839, which with my own permission asked and granted 1 will give as to a matter quite for-gotten by me, viz., that Lady Spencer promised my -father to get me an Indian Writersbip.-as also that previous!y 1 had once hopes of the Registrarship om Lord John Russell, afterwards given to Mr. Lyster. Thé letter proves how much my no-speech bindered both my good father's efforts and my own,-and ex-plains itseU .In those days it cost gd. between Albury aud London. My DEAREST FATHBR,-1 can fully, though ndt per-Laps so fully as you can, eu ter into your gréât anxieties about your five great boys, aud actuated by this sym-pathy 1 sit down to say a word more about India.-1 do ~hope you have not yet given Lady Spencer a décisive answer, as the horizon seema a little to olear of its indigoNous hurticanes. Since my last letter to you 1 have, 1 can truly say, made every effort to apeak like a man, but, alast too un uccessfally mytongue seems only able to say veto to ~th~ Ohuroh, and that speaking is a pecessary qualincation needs no démonstration. Auht FaJiny bas strongly recommended me to think more seriousty about it, and Mr. M'Neile has also giveh me .bis yaluaMe opinion on thé sub ect, tbat at least 1 must inquire what 1 am more ntted for, and not Jightiy'put aside those opportunities which Providence places in my way. However, 1 would by no means be hurried in mychoiceeither way 1 must inquire what is thoomce of a wtiter whether oratorical powers be not requisite, c., for as yet I have a very vague and indefinite idea of what 1 reject or choose. I really do find my impe-diment most truly a grievous impediment to what appears more deairable but 1 would wish to consider tbis, as every other constitutional infirmity or affliction, as but an instrument in the hands of God to subserve some. wise purpose. Let this letter. therefore, if you please, serve as. a préventive, if not too late, to your final décision a bout it, and put me, my dear father, iti possession of more of thé peeuliar features. in a writer's employment if you can, I hop to be with you on Friday. TU1 then, and ever be!ieve me, my dear father, your a6'ectioB te son, M. F. TuppB ALBnBY, DMemt f 28~, M~Mi ty. The day after I took my degree as a barnster, 1 married my cousin after a nine years' engagement my father'having resolved I should not marry withput a pro-fession. did my best at this vocation of the law much against the grain, and actually achieved, with Lewin's help, a voluminous will, and a marriage settlement, with some aceessory deeds, procured for me by my mother's friend Mr. Hunt, through one Dangerfield, a solicitor. 1 have often lt anxious to know how far my conveyancing heldwater but the thought of Lewin's skill has comforted me-and besides I have never heard a word about it now for half a century. My fee for a!I was nfty guineas-pretty well for a first and last exploit in the way of law and its rewards. As I am just leaving my father's house for Park VUlage, and thereafter Albury, here 1 will insert two little memories of past days when I lived with my parents at No. 5. Here is one. Théodore Hook's famous Beruers Street hoax had lately made such exploits very catohing among schdolboys-and in my Charterhouse daya it was repeated by Punsonby Oo.itt my father's town-house. On a certain Saturday when 1 had my weekly holiday at home, 1 tnarvelled to find the street crowded with vans, coal-carts, trucks, a mourning coach, Bshmongers, butchers, and confectioners with trays, and a number of servants wanting places. AU tbese were crowding round No. 5, as ordered or advertised for by Mr. Tupper of course soon explained away, and rejected, to a general indignation at the hoaxers. Now, as I had my suspicions, 1 sat unseen at the front drawing-room window, and watched and as more than once 1 had noticed P. and his friends pass down the street on thé opposite side, 1 taxed thom with their exploit on the Monday and I rather think it cost them not a trifling sum to satisfy that crowd of dis-appointed tradesmen. Happily such practical joking is now long since or ought to be a social outrage of the past Hook's being first had the grace of original humour,-but imitations are dull repetition, not to be excused. 1 only once met Theodore Hook, and that was in his décadence ho looked puffy and only sonu-sober but 1 recollect with how much deference and expectation the livener-up was eagerly surrounded, and how sillily thé dupes laughed at every word he uttered, whether humorous or not. For another laat memory of No. 5, in thé dining-room whereof Lord Sandwich, who had once lived there, is Baid to hâve invented sandwiches, 1 will record this. In those days of long ago, how well I remember our next-door neighbour, old Lady Oork, Thé Dowager-Opuntesa of Cork and Orrery, as her door-plate pro-claimed, some of whose peouliaritios I may mention without oSonoe, M they were notorious and the phy-sicians judged innocent and venial. Whenover ahe found herself alone and she kept profuse hospitality three or four days a week, with her vast illuminated conservatory full of artificial flowers and grapes and oranges tied on everything , when those famous routa were silent, and dance music no longer kept us awake at night, the little old lady would send in a message, asking neighbour Tupper to give her a dinner to-day -sometimea oven coming unannounced. She usually appeared all in white, even to her shoes and bonnet, which latter she would keep on the whole evening the only colour about her being rouged cheeks, sometimes decorated with a piece of white paper eut into the shape of a heart, and stuck on to charm away the tic. Well, her ladyship was always full of society anecdotes and 1 oniy wish that her diary may soon be published, as probably a more spicy record of past celebrities than even Pepys'a in old times, or Greville's in our own but she is said to have left instructions to her executors not to publish till every one mentioned by her was dead so we must wait till that tontine is over. But the specialty of thé aged countess, who died at past ninety but never owned to more than sixty, was a propensity to annex small properties always it hap-pened that next morning after a visit either her butler or her lady's-maid would bring to us a spoon or a fork or a pièce of bric-à-brao which she had carried off with her in seeming unoonsoiousnesa and as she nover inquired for them afterwards, possibly it was so. Let dootors décide. Requiescat. The forthcoming memoirs of that once famous and lovely Miss Monokton will be interest ingindeed,ifnotover-edited. ONE of the apparent calamities of my life overruled, as 1 have long since seen, for good was thé before-mentioned affliction of a very bad impediment of speech, which blighted my youth and manhood from fifteen to thirty.nve, obliging me to social humiliations of many kinds, to silence in class and on examination occasions hence my written poetries in lieu of spoken prose , and in early manhood preventing me from taking orders, and tLereafter from speaking in the law courts. But 1 was hopeless~y and practically a dumb man, except uudor special excitations, when 1 could burst into éloquent speech which surprised third per-sons more than myself for when quite alone I could spout like Demosthenes it was only nervous fear that paralysed my tongue. Accordingly, my good father placed me from time to time with well-meaning and well-paid pretenders to make a perfect cure of my amic-tion, and 1 did many things and suffered much from such false physicians. 1 am sure no pue can trdy say what 1 can, viz., that in a purposely monotonous note and syllable by8ynable,wit.ha6rutoh under mychin, and a sort of gag. on the rebelltous tongue, I have road ail through in a Ipud voice Mitton's whole Paradise Lost and Regained, and thé most of Cowper's poems 1 CHAPTER VI. STAMMEMNQ AND OHBSS. That was the sort of tongue-drill and nerve-quieting recommended and enforeed for many houra a day, through weary months, by a certain Mr. 0., while Dr. P., hia successor to the well-named patient, gave, first, emuloents, and then styptics, and waa fortunately preveuted ni time by my father from some surgical experiments on the muscles of lip and tongue 1 How-ever, nobody could cure me, uutil 1 cured myself rather, let me gratefully and humbly confess, until God answered constant prayer, and granted atronger bodily health, and gave me good sucoesa in my literary liie, and made me to feel 1 waa equal in speech, as now, to the most fluent of my fellows. So let any stammerer and theré are many such take comfort from my cure, and pray against the trouble as 1 did, and courageously stand up against the multitude to claim before heaven and earth man's proudeat prerogative-the privilege of speech. In my Proverbial Essay Of Speaking will be found two coutrasted pictures drawn from my own expériences one of the stifled stammerer, the other of the unbridled orator which you can turn to an you will. As, however, some of my old groauings after utterance are not equally accessible, 1 wi l hère give a few lines of mine from thé Stammerer's Complaint, printed in the medical book of one of my Galons And ia it not in truth A poisoned eting in every social joy, A thorn that rankies in the writhing Sesh, A drop of gall in oaoh domeatio sweet An irritatmg petty misery, That 1 oan never look on one I love And apeak the fulnesa of my burning thoughts r That 1 oan never with unmingled joy Meot a long-Ioved and long-expeoted friend Beoause I feel, but cannot vent my feelings,-Beoause I know I ought, but must not, speak,-Becausé I mark his quiok impatient eye Striving in kindness to antioipate The word of weloome strangled in its Mrth ? 1 Is it not sorrow, while I truly love Sweet social converse, to be forced to shun The happy circle, from a nervous sense-An agonising poignant consciousness-That I must stand aloof, nor mingle with The wise and good in rational argument, Thé young in brilliant quickness of reply, Friendship's ingenuous intërchango of mind, ASëction's open-hearted sympathies ? 1 But feel myself an isolated being, A very wilderness of widowed thought 1 AU this is ouly sad stern truth nothing morbid here let any poor atammerer testify to my faithfulness. Amongst others amicted like myself waa Charles Eingsley, whom 1 kuew well at a time when 1 bad overcome my c~Iamity whereas he carried his to the grave with him though he had frequent gleams of a forced and courageous éloquence, preaching energeti-cally in a somewhat artificial voice,-in private,he stammered much, as once 1 used to do, no doubt'to hig mortification, though bumbly acquiesciug in God's will. Chess is a chief intellectual resource to.the stammerer for therein he oan conquer in argument without the toil of speech, and prove himself practically more eloquent' than the men full of talk whom he so much envies. Accordingly, in days gone by for of late years 1 have given it up, as too toilsome a récréation 1 played often at that royal game. In these times it is no game at all, -but a wearisome if seductive science just as cricket ia an artillery combat now, and football a most perilous conflict, and boating breaks the athlete's heart, and billiards eau only be played by a bar-spot professional, and tronquil whist itself Las developed into a semi-fraudulent system of open raies and secret signs even so the honest common-sense old game of chess bas come to be so encumbered with pubSsbed openings and gam-bits and other parasitic growths upon the wholesome house-pJant, that 1 for one have renounced it, as a pur-suit for which life is too ahort and serious give me a farce or a story instead , and one moreover in which any fool well up to crammed book games may crow over thé wisest of men in an easy, because stereotyped, check-mate. Hôwever, in this connection, I recollect a smaU experience which proves that positive ignorance offamous openings may sometimes be an advantage just as the skilled fencer will be baSed by a brave boor rushing in against ru es, and by close encounter unconventionally pinning him straight off. When a youth, just before matriculation, I waa a guest at Culham of the good rector there, a chess-player to.his own thinking indomi-table, for none of the neighbours could checkmate him so he thought to make quick work of a silent but thought-ful boy-stammerer,-by tempting him at an early period of the game to take, seemingiy for nothing but advan-tage, a certain knight his usual dodge, it appeared which would have ensured an ultimate defeat. How-ever, 1 declined the generous offer, whioh began to nettle my opponont but when afterwards 1 refused to answer divers moves by the oard as he protested 1 ought , and Snallyreducod him to a positive obeokmate, he flew into suoh an unolerical rage that I woùld not play sgain Ms revenge might be too terrible. For another tri-vial chess anecdote a. very worthy old friend of mine, a rector too, was fond of his game, aud of winning it and 1 remember one evening that his ancient servitor, bringing in the chessboard, whispered to me, Please don't beat him again, sir,-he didn't sleep a wiuk last night acoordingly, after a respectably protracted struggle, some strange oversights were made, aud my reverend host came off conqueror so he was ehabled to sieep happily. 1 remember too playing with pegged pièces in a box-board at so strange a place as outside the. Oxford coach and I think my amiable adversary then waa one Wynell Mayow, who bas since grown into a greàt Ohurch diguitary. If he lives, my compliments to him. One of the best private chess-players 1 used often to encounter,-but almost never to beat, is my old life-friend, Evelyn of Wotton, now the first M. P. for hiè own ancestral Deptford. It was to me a triumph only to puzzle bis shrewdness, to make him think, as 1 used to say,-and if ever through bis oarelessnesa 1 managed a stale, or a draw,-very seldom a mate,-that was glory indeed. If he sees this, his memory will. countersigu it. Let so much suffice, as perhaps a not inappropriate word about the Literary Life's fréquent mental recréa tion, especially. where the player is, likë Moses, not a man of words. One day, by thé by, this text in the original, o ish devarim anochi Exod. iv. o , came to my lot in Pusey's Hebrew class, to my special confusion but every tutor was very considerate and favoured the one who couldn't speak, and Mr. Biscoe in partioular used to say when my turn came to read or to anawer,Ne?er mind, Mr. Tupper, l'm sure you know it,-pleaso to go on, Mr. So-and-So. This habituai conudence in my pro. ficiency had the effect of forcing my consciousness to deserve it and it usually happened that I really did know, silently, like Macau!ay'a cunning augur, who knew but might not tell. Speaking of récréation, Izaak Walton's joy as a con-templative man bas been mine from youth as witness these three fishing sonnets, just found in the faded ink of three or four decades ago, whioh may give a gleam of country suushine on a page or two, aud would hâve rejoiced my piscatorial friends Kingsley and Leach in old days, and will not be unacceptable to Attwood Matthews, Cholmondeley Pennell, and the Marstons with their friend Mr. Senior in these. 1 have had various luck as an angler from Stennis Ltike to the Usk, from Eunis-killen to Einarney, from Isis to Wotton,-and so it would be a pity if 1 omitted such an authorial charac-teristic especiaUy as my stammering obliged me to study to be quiet. I. 1 '~Look like alliage Qaeen of May.'the atream Dances her best beforo the'holiday sun, And atill, with musical laugh, goes tripping on Over these golden sands, whioh brighter gleam To watoh her pale-green kirtie Bashing fleet Above them, and'her tirikling silver feëti That ripple mélodies quidk.-yoBt ciMiiag rise In the oalm reSuenoe of this gay oasoado Marked an old trout, who shuns the aunny skies, And, nightly prowler, loves the hazel shade Well thrown t-you hold him bravely,-o f ho speeds, Now up, now down,-now madly darts about,-Mitid, mind your Hne among those flowering roeds,-How the rod bends.-and hail, thotl noble trout t . II. I, 0, thou hast robbed the Nereids, gentle brother, Of some swift fairy messenger behold,-His dappled livery prankt with red and gold Shows him their favourite page just such another Sad Galatoea to her Aois sent To teaoh the new-born fountain how to flow, And traok with loving haste the way she went Down the rough rocks, and throngh the flowery plain, Ev'n to her home where ooral branches grow, And where the sea-nymph clasps her love again We the while, terrible as Polypheme, Brandish the lissom rod, and featly try Once more to throw the tempting treaoherous fly And win a brace of trophies from the stream. IIL Corne then, ooy Zéphyr, waft my feathered bait Over this rippling shallow'a tiny wave To. yonder pool, whose calmer eddies lave Some Triton's ambush, where he lies in wait To catch my skipping fly there drop it lightly A riae, by Glauousi-but he missed the hook,-Another~-safe 1 the monaroh of the brook, With broadside like a salmon's, gleaming brightiy Off let him race, and waste his proweas there The dread of Damooles, a single hair, Will tax my skill to take thia fine old trout So,-lead him gently quiok, the net, thé net Now gladly lift the glittering beauty out, Hued like a dolphin, sweet as violet. CHAPTER VII. PRIZE FOBMS, ETC. IN the course of my Oxford career I tried for two New-digate Prize poems, The Suttees and the African Desert, won respectively by Claughton, now Bishop of St. Albans, and Rickards, whose honours of course 1 ought to know, but don't. A good-looking and well-speaking friend of muie, E. H. Abney, now a Canon, was so certain that thé said prizes in those two successive years were to fall to me, that he learnt my poems by heart in order to récite them as my speeoh-substitute in the Sheldonian Theatre at Commémoration, and he used frequently to look in upon me to be coached in his recital. It was rumoured that I came second on both occasions,-ono of them certaioly had a 2 marked on it when returned to me, but 1 know not who placed it there. However, my pièces were afterwards printed both separately, and among my Banads and Poems, by Hall ahd Virtue, and are now before nie. As an impartial and veteran judge of such K~cM~, 1 am bold to say they are far better than I thought, and might fairly hâve won New-digate. prizes, even as friend Abney Co. were sure they would. At the close of my University career came, of course, the Great Go, which I had to do as I did the Little Go, all pu paper for 1 could not auswer ~ wee. And this rule then, whatever maybe thé case now, prevented me from going.in for honours, though 1 had read for a first, and hoped at least to get a second. Neither of thèse, nor even a third class, was technioally possible, if 1 could not stand a two days' ordeal of MM~ voce examination, part of the whole week then exacted. However, 1 did all at my best on paper, specially the translations from classic poets in verse whereof Ill find a specimen anon. The issue of all was that 1 was offered an honorary fourth class,-which I refused, as not willing to appear at the bottom of the Itst of all, alphabetica.Uy,-and so my tutor, Mr. Biscoe, not wish-ing to lose the honour for our collège, managed to get it transferred to auother of his pupils, Mr. Thistle-thwaite.whose father wrote to thank me for this un-expected though not unmerited luck falling to his son. One short présentable piece of verse-making in the schoola is as below from Virgil there were also three odes of Horace, a chorus from ~Eachylus, and more irom other -Greek and Latin poets. Siouian Muses, sing we loftier etrains 1 The humble tamarisk and woodland plains Delight not all if wooda and groves we try, BethegrovesworHiyofaoonsul'seye. Told by the Sibyl'a song, thé 'latter time ls oome, and dispensations roll sublime In new and glorions ôrder spring again With Virgo oomes, and Satm'n's golden reign. A heavenly band from heaven's bright realm descends, AU evil ooases, and ail disoord ends. Do thou with favouring eye, Luoina chaste, Regard thé wondrous babe,-his coming haste,-For under him the iron age shall oease, And the vast world rejoice in golden peaoe, c. c. I sélect this bit, famous for being one of the places in Virgil which goes to prove that the Sibylline books to which thé Augustan poets had easy aocess quoted Isaiah's prophecies of Christ and the Millennium. It will be considered that my public versifying was quite extempore, as in fact is common with me. For other college memories in the literary lino, 1 may just men-tion certain brochures or parodies, iuitialed or anony-mous, whereto 1 must now plead guilty for the first time renecting, amongst other topics, on Mont-gomery's Oxford, St. Mary's theology, Mr. Rickard's African Desert, and Garbet's pronounced and rather absurd sestbeticism as an examiner. Hère are morsels of each in order Who praises Oxford ?-some small buzzing thing, Some starveling songster on a tiny wing,-N,B. They call the inseot Bob, 1 know, 1 heard a printer's devil call it so -So fondly tells Ma admiration vast No ône can oall the ohaatened strains bombast, Though epitheted substantives immense Claim for eaoh lofty sound the c M'~ sensé, o. o Next, a bit from my Low Church onslaught on Sf . Mary's in the Hampden case, being part of The Oxford Controversy Though vanquished oft, in falaehood undismayed, Like heretios in flaming vest arrayed Bach angry Don lifta high hia i~ured head, Or etanda between the living and the dead.' Still from St. Mary's pulpit eohoes wide Prim , beware'of truth, whate'er betide J Deinde, from deep Charybdis while you ateer Lest damned Sooinus oharm you with Ms sneer, Watoh above all, so not Saint Thomas spake, Lest upon Calvin, Soyila's rock, you break, o. c. Thèse forgotten trivials, wherein the allusions do not now show clear, are, 1 know, barely excusable even thus curtly but I choose to save a touch or two from annihilation.. Here is another little bit thia time from a somewhat vicious parody on my rival Rickard's. prize poem it is fairest to produce at length first his serious conclusion to the normal flfty-liner, and then my less révèrent imitation of it. Here, then, is the end of Bickard's poem Bright was the doom which snatched her favourite son, Nor came too soon to him whose task was done. Long bùrned his restless spirit to explore That atream whioh eye had never traoked before, Whose course, 'tis said, in Western springs beguu Flows on eternal to the rising sun 1 Though thousand perils seemed to bar Ma way, And all save him sbrunk baekward in diamay, Still hope prophetie poured the ardent prayer To reaoh that stream, though doomed to perish theret 1 That prayer was heard by Niger's mystio flood One rapturous day the speechloss dreamer stood, Fixt on that stream hia glistening eyes he këpt,-The sun went down,-the wayworn wanderer slept 1 So muoh for the prize-taker thé prize-loser veuted his spleen as thus Bright was the doom that diddipd Mango Park, Yet very palpably obscure and dark. Long burnod his throat, for -want of coming riigh That stream he long'd and pray'd for wistfally, Whose course, 'tis said, that no one can tell where It Bows eternal guessing isn't fair. Though miles a thousand had he tramp'd along, And aU, save him, were sure that path was wrong, Still hope prophetio poured the ardent prayer He'd find that stream,-if it waa anywhere That prayer was heard, of course, though no one kuows Where this said Niger never Bowéd, or flows All that is known is, that a dreamer stood In speechless transport by a mystio flood, And after Bxing on't his glistening eyes, The sun goes down, and so the dreamer dies t For the fourth promised spécimen, the best excuse is that Garbet really did utter the words quotod.-and the answer he received about love is exact, and became famous Didst e'er read Dante '-Never. Cjruel man 1 Take, take him, Williams,-1-1 never can.' ~.j3.-Williams was the other examiner. Garbet went on with a further question nevertheless,-aa he was ajaectediy fond of Italian Doat know the language Iov delights in most t If thon doat not, thy charaoter is lost.' Yes, air t '-thé youth retorts with just surpnso, Love's language ia the language of the eyes In thoae daya, as perhaps also in these, like Pope, I spake in numbers, verse being almost-weU, not 't quite-easier than prose. In fact, some of my oritics hâve heretofore to my disparagoment stumbled on thé printed truth that he ia little betMr than atl improvisa-tore in rhyme. And this word rhyme rominds me now of a very curious question 1 raised some years a~ter my Oxford days in more than one magazine article, as to when rhyme was invented, and by whom the con-clusion being that intoning monks found out how easily the cases of Latin nouns and tenses of verbs, c., jingled with each other, aud that troubadours and trouveres carried thus the seeds of song all over Europe in about the ninth century, until which time rhythm was the only recognised form of versification, rhyme having strangely escaped discovery for more than four thousand years. Is it not a marvel and another marvel that no one noticed it before that not one of the old poets, Hebrew, Greek, Latin, and I think Sanscrit, Arabie, and Celtio too, ever except by manifest accident, now intentionally ignored stumbled upou the good idéa of terminating their metrea with rhyme ? 1 Where is there any ode of Horace, or Anacreon,-wbere any psalm of David, any epigram of Martial, any heroic verse of Virgil, or -philosophie argument of Lucretius,-deco-rated, enlivened, and brightened by the now oniy too frequent ornament of rhyme ? 1 1 have just found among my old archived papers, faded by nearly six decades of antiquity, a treatise which I wrote at nineteen, styled by me Il A Vindication of the Wisdom of Soripture in Matters of Natural Science. This bas never seen the light, even in extraits and probably. never can attain to the dignity of print, seeing 'it is written against all compositor law on both sides up and down of a quarto paper book. Therein are treated, from both the scriptural and the scientific points of view, many subjeota, of which these are some Cos-mogony, miracles in chief Joshua's sun and moon , the circulation of thé blood revealed in Eoolesiastes, mag-netiem as mentioned by Job, He spreadeth out thé north over the empty space and hangeth the world upon nothiug, the blood's innate vita!itiy-which is the life thereof, the earth's centre, or orbit, and inclina-tion, astronomy, spirits, the rainbow, the final con-flagration of our atmosphère to purify the globe, and many other matters terrestrial and celestial. Some day a patient scribe may be found to decipher this decayed manuscript and set out orderly its miscellaneous con-tents. 1 began it at eighteen, and finished it when at Oxford. There is also now before me another faded copybook of my early Christ Church days containing ninety-one striking parallel passages between Horace and Holy Writ some being very remarkable, as Hor. jS' x . i. 8, and Isaiah xliv. 13, c., about making a god of a tree whereof he burneth part also such well-known lines as Quid ait futurumcras, fuge queerere, and Quisscib an adjiciant hodiernae crastina summoe Tempera Di superi? -compared with Take no thought for the morrow and Il Boast not thyself of to-morrow for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth. With many more in fact 1 oollected nearly a hundred out of Horace, besides a few from others of the classics. CARLYLE somewhere gives utterance to a truism, which the present scribe at least can most gratefully counter-sign, that it takes a great deal of providence to bring a man to threescore years and ten. Not only are we in peril every time we take breath, both from the action of our own uncertain hearts and from the living germa of poison floating in the air, but from ail sorts of outer accidents so-called, whereas they all are well ordered and sure wherewith our little life is compassed om cradle to grave in truth, trifles seem to rule ua thé turning this way or that, the casual stopping or hasten-ihg hath saved life. or destroyed it, hath built up or flung down fortunes. Every inch and 'every instant, we are guided and guarded, whether we notice it or not the very haïra of our heads are all numbered. Hère shall follow- soma personal experiences in proof. Nearly seventy years ago 1 knew a small schoolboy of seven who acoidentallyslit his own throat while outting a slato-frame against hia chest with a abarp knifë thëre was a knot in the wood, thé knife alipped upt a pinafore was instantaneously covered with blood-though the little semisuicide was unobnaciouB of any pain -thereafter his neck was quiokly strapped with diaoulum plaister,-and to this day a slight scar may CHAPTER VIII. SPNDBY PROVIDENOES. bo found on the left side of a. silvery beard t WM not this prpvidential escape Again-a lively -little urchin in his holiday recklessness ran his head pell-mell blindly against a certain cannon post in Swallow Paa-sage, leading from Princes Street, Hanover Square, to Oxford Street, and was so damaged as to have been carried home insensible to Burlington Street a little more, thé doctors said, and it would hâve been a caso of concussion of the brain. The post is still there to witness if 1 lie, as Macaulay's Roman ballad bas it,-and hère grown to twice its height, thank heaven 1 am I. Then again, some ten years after, a youth is seen careering on a chestnut horse in Parliament Street, when a runaway butcher's cart cannoned against his shying steed, thé .wheel ripping up a saddle-fiap, just as the rider had instantaneousiy shifted his right leg c!ose to the horse's neek But for that providence, death or a crushed knee was imminent. Yet again, after some twenty years more 2Esop Smith was one dark evening creeping up a hill after a hard ride on bis grey mare Brenda, when he was aware of two rough men on ,the tramp before him, one of whom needieasiy crossed over so that they commanded both sides, and soon seemed to be approximating which when ~Esop fortuuately noticed, with a quick spur into Brenda he flashed by thé rascals as they tried tosnatohathis bridle and almost knocked them. over right an~ loft whilst he gaUpped up the bill MIpwed by their ourses was not this an 'osoape worth being thank. fui for Once more the same equestnan has had two peritous dog-cart accidents, npticeable for these causes viz. broken ribs, and a crushed, right hand, have proved tQ him experimentally how little pain is felt at the moment of a. wound which will explain thé unconscious heroism of common soldiers in battle very little but weakness through loss of blood is ever felt until wounds stiffen further, a blow 01 the head not.only dazes in the present and stupefies further on, but also completely takes away all memory of a past bad quarter of an hour. At least I remembered nothing of how my worst misadventure happened and only know that 1 crawléd home half stunned by moonlight for three miles, .holding both sides together with my hands to enable me to breathe no wonder,-all my elasticity was gone with broken ribs. Though these two accidents cost me, one tbree months, and the other mùch longer of a partly bedridden helplessness, were they not good providences to make one gratefui ? I write my mental thanksgiving with the same healed broken hand. So muoh of perils by land, by way of sample here are three or four by sea, to match them. Do 1 not remember how a rash voyager was nearly swept off the ~o~slipperydeckin a storm, when a sudden lurch nung him to cling to the side rail of a theu uunotted bulwark, swinging him back again by another lurch right over the yawning waves-Hke an acrobat ? 1 Had 1 let go, no one would have known of that mystery of the sea,-where and when a certain celebrity then expected in America, had disappearéd 1 Captain Judkiti after that always had his bulwarks netted so that waa a good resuit of my escape 1 was the only passenger on deck, a favoured one.-thecaptain being on his bridge, two men at thé wheel in thëir covered houso, the stormy wiud all round in a cyclone, and the raging sea beneath,-and so ail unseen 1 had been swept away,-but for good providence. Once again do I not shudderingly recollect how nearly the little Guernsey steamer was ruu over by au American man-of-war in the Channel, because a tipsy cnptain would cross the bows of that d-d Yankee -the huge b.lack prôw positively hung over us,-and it was a miracle that we were not sunk bodily in the mighty waters. What more ? î WeH, 1 will here insert an escaped danger that tells its own tale in a sonnet written at the time, the place being Tenby and the sea-anemone caverns there, accessible only at lowest neap tide. An hour of peril in thé Lydstep caves Down the steep gorge, grotesquely boulder-piled And tempest-worn, as océan hurrying wild Up it in thuuder breaks and vainly raves,-My haste hath sped me to the rippled sand Where, arching deep, o'erhang on either hand These halls of Amphitrite, echoing olear The ceaseless mournfui musio of the waves Ten.thousand beauteous forms of life are here And long I linger, wandering in and out Among the seaflowers, tapestried aboùt AUoverthosewetwaIIs.-Ashoutoffear! 1 The tide, the tide t-1 turned and ran for life, And battledstoutlythrough that billowystrifet Perhaps this is enough of suoh hairbreadth 'scapea both by îand and water though 1 might in Amerioa especially mention 'many more. Then there are all manner of the ordinary. maladies of humanity, which 1 pretermit. Carlyle was quite right it does require a good deal of providence to come to old age. BoT there are many other sorts of peril in human lifo to which I may briefly advert, as we ail hâve had aome experiences of the same. Who does not know of his special financial temptation, somo sanguine and .un-. scrupulous speculator urging him from rock to rock across the rapids of ruin, till he is engulfed as by Niagara? Or of the manifestly disinterested and generous capitalist, who gives to some young legatee a junior partner's free armohair, only that he may utilise his moriey and ke6p the house solvent for yet a yoar or two, utterly'unheeding that ere long the gratefnl bénéficiaire must be dragged down with his chief to poverty ? 1 Or, which ofus bas not had expérience of some unjust will, stealing our rights by evil influence 1 Or of the aeemingly luckless accident killing oBF.our intending bénefactor just before that promised codicil ? 1 Or of the ruiuous investment ? Or of the bankrupt Life Assurance ? 1 Or of the unhappy fact of your autograph, a ïnere matter of form, on thé baok bf some dis-honoured bill of one's defaulting friend 1 Yet aU thèse are providences too,-lessons of life, and parts of our schools and Bchoobnastora. 1 And there are many like social evila besides. Let me dolioateJy touoh one of them. I desire as' an CHAPTEBIX. YET MORE ESOAPES. Ancient, now nearing the close of my career, at least in this the caterpillar and aoon to be chrysalis condition of my being, to give my testimony seriousiy and practically to the tact disputed by too many from their own worse expérience that it is quite possible to live from youth to age in many scenes and under many ciroumstantial dimculties, preserving still through them all thé inno-cent purity of childhood. True, the crown of greater knowledgeisaddedtothe Man but although it be a knowledge both of evil and of good, théoretically,-it need not practically be a guilty knowledge. If one of any âge, otn the youngest to the oldest, has not the power. of self-control perpetually in exercise, and the good mental help of prayer habitually at hand to be relied on, he is in danger, and may fall into ain or even crime, at any hoqr, unless the.Highest Power intervene. But, if the senses are trained to reaist the ~rst inclina-tions to unçhastity, by thé eye that will not look and the ear that will not liston, then the doors of the mind are kept closed against the enemy, and even hot youth is safe. We live in a co-operative cycle of sooiety and amongst other co-operations are ail manner of guilds to encourage, by example, companionship aud thé !i e, divers great virtuea,. and some less important fads and fancies ofthe day letme not be thought to disparage any gatherings for prayer, or temperance, or purity though iridividual strong menmaynot need such con-gregated help as the weaker brothren yearn for. Many a vétéran now, changed to good morals from a looaer life in the past, may wëll hope to serve both God and man by preaohing purity to the young men around, by vowing them to a white ribbon guild, and giving them the décoration of an ivory cross. But he is apt to forget what young blood is, his own having cooled down apace anon he will find that Nature is not so easily drivon back -M~gMS ~ecMt~-and he will soon have to acknow-ledge that if the higher and deeper innuences of per-sonal religion, earnest prayer, honest watchfulness, and sincere-though it be but incipient-love of God and désire to imitate Christ, are not chief motives towards the purification of human passion, this brotherhood of a guild may tend to little exeept self-righteousness, and it will be well if hypocrisy and secret sin does not ac-company that open boastfulness of a Wbite Cross Order. After all said and done, a man-or -woman-or precocious child-must simply take the rules of Christ and Paul, and Solomon, as his guide and guard, by Resisting, FIeeing, Cutting off-metaphorically-the right hand, and putting out the right eye so letting Il dis-cretion preserve him and understanding keep him but there is nothing like night it is easy and speedy, and more a courage than a cowardico. Take a simple instance~ Some forty years ago, an author, well-known in both hémi-spheres, then living in London, received by post a pink and scented note irom an American Lady, a great ad-mirer of bis books, c. c. wouldhefavour~erbya call at such an hotel, in such a square Much flattered he went, and was very gushingly received but when the lady, probably not an American though comely enough to be one , after a profusion of compliments went on to complain of a husband having deeerted her, and to throw herself not without tears on thé kindness of her favourita, author, that iridividual though~it woutd be prudent to depart, and so promptly romembering another engage menthe topk up his hat and-Hed. He had afterwards reason to be thankful for this escape, as for others. I, j~c ~M~e as no doubt you have done, acd you will do, for there are.many Potipheras ay, and there exist some Josephs too. Other fbrms of evil in the way of heterodoxy and heresy have assailed your confessor, as is the common case with most other people, whether authors or not. The rashest Atheism or more cowardly Agnosticism are rampant monsters, but have only affected my own spirit into forcing me to think out and to publish my Essay on Probabilities, whereof I shall speak further when my books come under review. But beyond these open foes to one's faith, who bas not met with zealous en-thusiasts who urge upon his acceptance under penalty of the worst fur all eternity if refused, any amount of strange isms,-Plymouth, Southcote, Swedenborg, Irving, Mormon,-and of the other 272 sects which aSect perhaps more truly infect religion in this free land ? 1 hâve had many of these attacking me by word or letter on the excuse of my books. Who, if he once weakiy gives way to their urgent advice to searoh and see for himself, will not soonbe addied and muddled by all sorts of sophisticaland controversial botherations, if even he.is not tempted to accept-for lucre if not godliuess-the office. of bishop, or apostle or prophet, or anything eise too ft'eely offered by zealots to now couverts, if of notoriety enough to exalt or enrich a sect such sect in every case proolaiming itself the one only true Church, all other sects being nothing but impostors 1 We have all enoountered suoh spiritual périls,and happy may we feel that with whatever faults and ilmgs, there is an orthodox and eatablished form of religion amongst us in the land. For my own part, 1 go freely to any house of prayer, national or noncon rmist, where thé Gospel is preached and the preacber is capable all 1 want is a good man for the good word and work-and if he haa the true Spirit in him, 1 care next to nothing fur his ordera though to many less independent minds human authorisation may be a neceasity. From cradie hymns to the more serioua pcayinga of senility, my own religion in two worda is cryatallised as Abba, Father my only priest being my Divine Brother and my Friénd and Guide through this life and beyond it the Holy Spirit, who unités all the family of God. May 1 die, as I hâve lived, in this -simple faith of childhood. My Probabilities bas, amongst others apposite, this sentence about the origin of evil, and theusefulness of temptation To our understanding, at Jeàst, there was no possible method of illustrating the amiabilities of Goodness and thé contrivances of Wisdom but by the infused permission of some physical and moral évita meroy, benevolenee, design would in a univerae of Best have nothihg to do that universe itself would grow stagnant, as inéapable of progress and thé principal record of God's excellences, the book of redemption, -wouldhavebeenunwritten. Isnot then theoxiatonce of evil juatined in reason's calculation and was not such existence an antecedent probability ? CHAPTER X. FADS AND FANOIES. br a recent page I hâve aUuded to suudry fads and fancies of the day, some of greater and others of lesser import, and I have been mixed up in two or three of them. For example -as an undergraduate at Oxford I starved myself in the matter. of sugar, by way tif somehow discouraging the alave-trade I don't know that oither Coesar or Pompey was any the better for my small sel~sacrince but as a ttifling faat, 1 may men-tion that I then followed some ôf the more straitlaced fashiona of Clapham. Aiso, when in lodgings after my degree, 1 resolved to leave off meat, bought an immense Cheshire cheese, and, after two montha of part-conaump-tion thereof, Tedacod my native strength to such utter weakness as quite to endanger hoalth. So 1 had tô relapse into the old oarnality of mutton chops, like other folk such extrême virtuedoesn'tpay. Of course abstinence from a I stimulaut hashadits hold. on me heretofore, as it bas upon many othors,-bnt,.aft er a persistent six months of only water, my nerve power was so exhausted I was working hard at thetime as editor of Thé Anglo-Saxon, a long extinct magazine that my wise doctor enjoihed wine and whisky-of course in modération and so my ûuttering heatt aoon recovered, and 1 have been well ever sumo. Now about temperanee, let me say thus mucli. Of course, 1 must approve the modern very philanthropie movement, but only in its rational aspect of moderation. In my youth, thé pendulum swung towards excess, now its reaction being exactly opposite both extremes to my miud are wrong. And hère let me state valeat quantum that 1 never exceeded in liquor but once in my life that once serving afterwards as a valuable life lesson all through the wine-parties of Christ Church, the abounding hospitalities of America, both North and South, through two long visits-and the genialities of our own Great Britain during my several Reading Tours. If it had not been for that three days' frightful headaohe when I was a youth in that sense a good providence , 1 could not haye escaped so many generous hosts and seductive beverages. That one departure from sobriety happened thus. My uncle, Colonel Selwyn, just returned from his nine years' command at Graham's Town, South Africa, gave a grand dinner at thé Opera Colonnade. te his friends and relatives, resolved according to thé fashion of the time to fill them. all to the full with generous Bacchus by obligatory toasts, he himself pre-tending to prefer his own bottle of brown sherry,-in fact, dishonest toast and water but that sort of prac-tieal joke vas also a fashion of the day. Thé result, of course, was what be desired everybody but himself had too muoh, whilat his mean sobriety, cruel uncle! 1 enjoyed the calm superiority of temperance over tipsi-ness. However, thé lesson to me though nover intended aa such was most timely,-just as 1 was entering life to bo forewarnod by having~beon for oniy that once overtaken. 1 hâve ever sinco been thankful for it as a merpy and few have boen sô~Yoûred how many oan truly say, only that once ? 1 But I pass on, having a great deal more to write about temperance. On my nrst visit to America in 1851, all that mighty people indulged freely in strong drinks of the strangest names and most delicious navours on my second in 1876,-just a quarter of a century after,-there was almost nothing to be got but iced water. Accordingly when I was at Charleston I took up my parable,-and spoke through a local paper as fbilowa 1 fear the extract is somewhat lengthy, but as an exhaustive argument and thé pièce, moreover, being unprinted in any of my books , 1 choose to give it hère in MI, to be skipped if the reader pleases. It is introduced thus by an editor In these days of extrême abstinence from wine and spirits, it is refreshing to see what the strong common-sense of an eminent moral philosopher bas to say about temperance. We make, then, a longish extract, well-nigh exhaustive of the subject, whieh occnrs in a lecture, entitled 'America Reviaited-ï8sî and 1877,' from the pen of Martin Tupper, exp!aining itself. The author introduces his poetio essay thus Since my former visit to the States twenty-five years ago, few changes are more remarkable than that in thé drinking habits of the people formerly it was ail for spirituous liquors, and now it is Water, water eyërywhere, and every drop todrink The bars are well-nigh deserted, and the entrance-halls of most houses are ostentatiously fur-nished with plated beakers and goblots ensuring an icy wolcome in fact, not to be tedtous, intempérance has changed front, and exoesa M water bas taken the place ofoxcessinwine. To nBngHshman'BJudgmentthe truo part ofHamIet in a Mt ia the more generous nuid, and the.greatest l~M~~ar ~MmpIy Barmeoidal G , ~ G ~I' !I ~7'0 without some wholesome stimulant to wash them down accordingly, my too outspoken honesty protested thus in print against this form of folly in extremes, nnd either pleased or offended, as friends or foes might choose to take it. Tempérance ? Yes t true Temperance, yes 1-Moderation in all thinga, the word is express Nothing too muoh '-Greek, Meden Agan So spake Cleobnius, the Seventh Wise Man And the grand golden mean was shrewd Horaoe's law, And Solomon's self laid it down for a saw That good overmuch is a possible fault, As méat over-salted is worse for the sait And Chilo, the Stagyrite, Peter, and Paul, Enjoin moderation in all things to all The law to make better this trial-scene, earth, And draw out its strongest of wisdom and worth, By sagely suppressing each evil excess-In feasting, of course, but in fasting no less-In drinking-by all moana let no one got drunk-In eating, let none be a gluttonous monk, But everyone feed as becometh a saint, With grateful indulging and wholesome restraint, Not pampering self, as an epioure might Nor famishing self, the asoetio's delight. But man ever has been, and will be, it seems, Given up to intemperanoe, prone to extrêmes The wish of his heart it bas aiwaya been suoh Is, give me by all means of all things too muoh 1 In pleasures and honours, in méats, and in drinks, He oraves for thé most that hig ooveting thinks To wallow in sensual Luoullus's sty, Or stand like thé starving Stylités on high, To be free from ail ohurohes and worship alone, Or ohain'd to thé feet of a priest on a throne, To be rich as a Rothschild, and doyens beside, Or pbor as Francis in ail things but pride , With appetite starved as a Faquir's, poor wretch 1 Or appetite fattened to luxury's stretch Denounoing good meats, on lentils he fares, Denounoing'good wine, by water he swears-In all things excessive his folly withstands The wise moderation that Scripture oommands. This vice of exoess is no foiHe of mine, Though liking and needing a glass of good wine, To help the digestion, to quioken the heart, And loosen the tongue for its eloquent part, But never once yielding one jot to exoess, Nor weakiy consenting the least to transgress. For let no intolérant bigot pretend My Tempérance Muse would excuse or défend, As Martial or tipsy Anaoreon might, An prgy of Bacchus, the drunkard's delight No rational use is the sermon l'm preaching, Esohewing abuse as the text of my teaohing. Old Pindar says slyly, that Water is best ' When pure as Bandusia, this may be confeat. But water so often is troubled with fieas And queer little monsters the microscope sees Is sometimes so muddy, and sometimes so mixt With poisons and gases, both flxt and unnxt, And seoms so connected with juvenile pills-A thought whioh the mind with unpieasantness fills-That really one asks, Is it safe to imbibe So freely the live animaloula tribe, Unkilled and unoooked with a little wine sauce Poured in, or of whisky. or brandy a tosa-And gulp a cold draught of the oolio, instead Of somethiùg to warm both thé heart and the head g That Jotham-arst-fable, the bramble and vine, Piles up to a olimax the praise of good wine i For in Judges we read-look it up, as you oan-It oheereth the heart, both of God and ofman, And everywhere lightness, and brightneas, and heaith, Gi!d the true tempérance texts with their wealth, Giving strong drink to the ready to periah, Andheavy-heartednessjoyingtocheriah. What is wanted-and let some Good Templar invent it, Damaging drunkenness, nigh to prevent it, Is a drink that is nioe, warm, pleasant, and pale, Delioious as cakes,' and seductive as ale,' Like'ginger that's hot in the mouth'andwon't hurt you, As old Fa~staff winks it, in spite of your virtue A temperate stimulant cup, to displace Pipes, hasheesh, and opium, and all that bad race Cheap as pure water and free as fresh air-Oh, where shall we find such a beverage-whero 1 No wine for the pure or the wise-so some teMh-Abstinence utter for all and for each, Total denial of every right use, Because some bad fools the good creature abuse 1 As well might one vow not to warm at a tire, Nor give thé least rein to a lawful desire, Because some have reoklesaly burnt down their houses, Because the rpgue oheats, or the reveller oarouses t 1 see not the logic, the rational logio, Conolusive to. me, çohèrent and pogio, That since some poor sot in his folly exceeds, 1 muât starve out my likings, and stint out my needs. Am 1 tkat brother's keeper He is not an Abel, Is strange to my roof, and no guest at my table 1 know not hie mates, we are not near eaoh other, He swi!Is in the pothouse, that dissolute brother t-But thero's your example?-Thé drunkards oan't seeit, And if they are told of it, soorn it and Bée it Example ?-Your ohiidron 1-No doubt it is right To be to thein always a law and a light But moderate temperance is the wise way To form them, and hinder their going astray Whereas utter abstinence proves itself vain And drunkards nare up because good men abstain. The law of réaction is stringent and strong, A youth in e~~MtM is sure to gq wrong, For the pendulum swings with a multiplied force When sloped from ita even legitimate course. 1 have known-who has not 1-that a profligate son Has been through his fanatic father undone ¡ Restrained till the night of free licence arrives, And then he breaks out to the wreck of two lives 1 A fierce water-fever just now is red-hot ¡ Drink water, or perish, thou slave and thou sot 1 Drink water alone, and drink more,,and drink muoh-But, liquors or wines ? Not a taste, nbt .a touch 1 Yet, is not this ver a fervour of thrift ?' It is wine you denounoe, but ita cost is your drift ¡ Thé times are so hard and the wines are so bad For good at low priées are not to be had ,. That forthwith society shrewdly shouts high For water alone, thé whole abstinence ory 1 And, somehow supposed suggestive of heaven, The oup of cold water is generoualy given, But a glass of good wine is an obsolete thing, And will be till trade is once more in full swing 1 1 hint not hypoorisy many are true, They preaoh what they practise, they say-and they do, And used from their boyhood to only cold water, Enjoin nothing botter on wife, son, aud daughter ¡ But autelywith some it is meroly for thrift, That they eut 08' thé wine, and with water make shift, Although they profess the solf-saorinoe made AadreadOf intemperance makes them afraid. And so, like a helmaman too quiok with his tiller, Esbhowing OharyMie. they steer upon Soyila, To perish of utter intemperânoe-Yes t Thé victime ofwa~roonsumedtoexceM. To conolude The nrst miraole, wonder Divine, Wasn't wine ohanged to water, but water to wine, That wine of the Kingdom, the water of life Transmuted, with every new excellence rife, The wine to make glad both body and soul, To oheer up the Bad, and make the siok whole. And when the Redeemer vas seen among men, He drank with the sinners and publioans then, Exemplar of Tempérance, yea, to the sot, In use of good wine, but abusing it not 1 We dare not pretend to do better than He But follow the Master, as servants made free To touch, taste, and handle, to use not abuse, AU good to reçoive, but ail ill to refuse 1 It is thus thé true Chnstian with temperanoe lives, Giving od thanks for the wine that He gives. 1 once heard Mr. Gough, the temperance lecturer it was at thé Brooklyn CoMert Hall in 1877. A hand-some and éloquent man, his life is well known, and tbat his domestic expériences have made him the good apostle he is. 1 remember how well he turned on' the argument against himself as to the miracle of the marriage-feast in Cana of Galilee Yes, certaine drink as much wine made of water as you can. It was a witty quip, but is no reply to that miracle of hospitality. ~?'opM,-I do not know whether or not the following anecdote can be fathered on Mr. Gough, but it is too good to be lost, especially as it bears upon thé fate of a poor old frieud of mine in past days who was fatally a victim to total abstinence. The story goea that a teetotal lecturer, in order to give his audience ocular prdof of the poisonous ohataoter of alcohol, first magnifies the boKible denizecs of stagnant water by his microscope, and then triumph-antly kills thom aU by a drop or two of brandy t As if this did not prove the wholosomoness of eûM~ de vie in such cases. If, for example, my poor friend above, the eminent Dr. Hodgkin of Bedford Square, had followed his companion's example, the still more eminent Moses Montefiore, by mixing water far too full of life with the brandy that killed them for him, he would not have died miserably in Palestine, eaten of worms as Herod was 1 Another such instance I may here mention. When I visited the cemetery of Savannah, Florida, in company with an American cousin, I noticed it graven on the marble slab of a relation of ours, a Confederate omcer, to the effect that he died faithful to his temperance principles, refusing to the last the alcohol wherewith the doctor wanted to have saved his life Such obstinate teetotalism, I said at the time, is criminally suicidai. Whereat my lady cousin was horrified, for she regarded her brother as a martyr.. I cannot help quoting here part of a letter just re-coived from an excellent young clergyman, who had been reading my Tempérance, quite. to thé point. After some compliments he says, I need scarcely.say I entirely agree with the scope and arguments of this vigorous poem. Nothing is more clear, and increasingly so, to my own perception than the terrible tendenoy of modem human nature to run into extrêmes quoting some lines . Your reference to thrift is especially true. 1 have often smiled at thé pious fervour with which the heads of large families with small incomes have embraoed teetotalism 1 1 have long thought that the motto M vino ~~ M oontains in it far more of t'Mt~M than is dreamt of in most people's philosophy, and that the age of rampant. total abstinence is the, age of special falseness. Of course, the evils of drunkenness càn scaroely be oxaggerated,-and yet they can bo'and are so when they are spoken of as equal to the evils of dishonesty thé former is indeed brutal, but the latter is deviliah, aud far more effectually destroys the soûls of men than the former. Nevertheless in our poor money-grubbing land, the creeping paralysis oftricks of trade, c., is thought little of and the shopman who bas just sold a third-rate articJe for a Rrst-class price goes home with respectable aelf-oomplaoency and glances with holy horror at the man who reela past him in the street. I desire to say this with reverence and caution. For we all need the restraining influences of the Meaaed Spirit of God, as well as thé atonement and example of His dear Son. But when we see the present tendency to anathematise open profligacy, and to ignore thé hid-den Pharisaism the very opposite to our Lord's own course , and the subtle lying of the day, it seems as if those who ponder sadly over it ought to speak out. Doubtiess~ there are many more fads and fanciea, many other sorts of perils and trials that might be apoken of as an author's or -any other man's expé-riences but 1 will pass on. SACRA POESIS AND GERALDINE. Wrrn the exception of Rougb Rhymes, my first Con-tinental Journal as afbreaaid, and a song or two, and a few juvenile poems, my nrst appearance in print, the creator of a real bound volume though of the smaHest size was as author of a booklet called Sacra Poeaia eonsisttDg of seventy-Rve little poems illustrative of. eugravinga or drawiugs of sacred subjects, and intended to accompany a sort of pious album which 1 wiahed to give to my then future wife. Must of it was composed in my teens, though it found no technical compositor of a pnnting sort until I was twenty-two in 1832 , when Nisbet published the pretty ittle 24.mp, with a picture by myself of Hope's Anchor on the title. The booklet is now very rare, and a hundred years hencë may be a treaaure to aome bibliomtniae. Of it con-tenta, apeakingcrtticaUy of what 1 wrote betweén fifty and Bixty years ago, some. of the pièces hâve ndt been equalled by me since, and are s~II to be found among my Miscëîtaneous Poème but many are feeble. and faulty. Some of thé jeviews before me reoeivad the new poetaster with kindty appreciation some with sneers and due diepatageniont,-much M Byron's Houra of Idleness had been trëated not vèry many yeara befbro though anothor causé for hatred and oontëmpt may hâve CHAPTER XI. operated in my case, namely this Ever since youth and now to my old age I have been exposed to the odium theologicum, the strife always raging between Protes-tant and Papist, Low Church and Higb, Waldo and Dominic, Ulster and Connaught hence to this hour the frequent rancour against me and my writings excited by sundry hostile partisans. My next volume waa Geraldine aud other Poems, published by Joseph Rickerby in 1838. Thé origin thereof was this,-as I now extract it from my earliest literary notebook In August 1838 1 was at Dover, and from a library read for the nrst time Coleridge's Christabel itwas the original edition, before the author's afterward im-provements. Being much taken with the poem, the thought struck me to continue it to a probable issue, espeeially as 1 wanted a leading subject for a new volume of miscellaneous verse. The notion was barren till 1 got to Herne Bay a fortnight after, and then I put peh to paper and nniabed the tale. It occupied me about eight days, an innocent fact which divers dull Zoili have been much offended withal, seeing that Coleridge had thought proper to bring out hia two Parta at a sixteen years' interval a matter doubtiess attributable either to accident or indolence,-for to imagine that he was diligently polishing his verses the whole time as some Mockheads will have it would indeed ba a veriacation ofthejpoM MnM~ monte8 theory. Thé c.tia, these things are done at a heat, as every poet knows. Pegaaus. ia a racer, hot a oart-horse Euterpe trips it like thé hare, while dogged oritioism is the tortoise, o. The book had a fair sucoesa, both here and in Amerioa, aud bas been many times reprinted. Critiques of course were various, for and against the shuttlecock of fame re-quires connicting battledores .but, as I now again quote from that early notebook, It is amusing to notice, and instructive also to any young author.who may chance to see this, how thoroughly opposite many of the reviews are, some extolling what others vilify it just tends to keep a sensible man of his own opinion, unmoved by such seemingly unreasonable praise or censure. When Coleridge nrst published Christabel intrinsically a most melodious and sweet performance it was positively hooted by the critics see in particular the Edinburgh Review. Coleridge left behind him a very mueh im-proved and enlarged version of thé poem, which I did not soe till years after I had written the sequel to it my Geraldine was composed for an addition to.Chiista-bel, as originally issued. Another note of mine, in reply to a critio of 7 e Atlas, runs thus Nobody who bas not tried it can imagine the difficulties of intellectual imitation it is to think with another's mind, to speak with another's tongue I acknowledge freely that 1 never was satisned. with Geraldine as a mère continuation of a story, but as an independent poem, I will yet be the champion of my child, and think with The jB'c~c~o that 1 hâve succeeded as well as possible as honest Pickwick says, And let my enemies make thé most of, it.' At this time of day. it is not worth my while by any modern replies to attempt to quenoh such long extinot voloanoea as 'Thé Oonserva-tive' and The Toroh,' nor to reproduoo sundry glorifica-tions of the new poet and his verseB .from many other notices, long or short, duly pasted down for future générations in my Arohive-book. As to oritioal verdicts in this case, black and white are not more contradictory e.g., let ~B~M~coo~ be contrasted with the 3~ M~~y ~e~M'w, or thé C~~rcA of England Quarterly with the W~e~~ ~MC Sun, C. C. It is a pity at least thé author of sold-out volumes may be forgiven for the sentiment that most of my books are not to be bought they are not in the market and are only purchaeable at old-literature stores, such as Reevea' or Bickers' some day, 1 hope to find a pub-lisher spirited enough to risk money in a ten-volumed Edition of my Prose and Poetry complete, c. but in the past and present, the subscription System per Mudie and Smith, buying up whole editions at cost price whereby to satiate the reading public, starves at once both author and publisher, and makes impossible these expensive crown octavo editions, which no gentleman'a library ought to be without. Some of thé best smaller pieces in my Geraldine and other Poems will be found in Galt IngUs's Miscellaneous Tupper before mentioned but my two Oxford Prize Poems, The African Desert and The Suttees, are printed only in the Geraldirie volume. Anecdotes innumerable 1 could tell, if any cared to hear them, connected with each of my books, as friends or foes hâve .commented upon me and mine in either liemisphere. In this place 1 cannot heJp recording one, as it led to fortunate results. In 1839 1 was travelling outside the Oxford coach to Aima Mater, and a gentle-man, arrayed as for an arohery party with bow and quiver, climbed up at Windsor for a seat beside me. Hé seemed very joyous and excited, and broke out to me with this stanza,-Thero,-isn't that oharming he said,-Iittle aware of whom he asked the amiable query. But when I went on-with the second verse, he opened his eyes wider and wider as I added Of course, discovery of the author was unavoidable so we collided and coalesced, and 1 rejoiced to find in this Aogel unaware no less a celebrity than John Hughes of Donnington Priory, father of the aCUl greater celebrity then a youth Tom Hughes of Rugby and Tom Brown's Sohootdays. Some time after 1 spent several pleasant days at his fine old'place in Berks, and made happy acquaintance with the brighteat old lady I ever met, his mother, who had known Burns and Byron and Scott as also with his pleasant good wife and her clever sons, one of whom, in the r!poness of time, married a then oharming little gir!, the heiress-ward of my hbst, and since welt appreciated in sooiety as a~ratK~ M!M wife also to oue famous for.a Rugby How fair and fresh is morn t The dowbeada dropping bright Each humble flower adorn, With coronets bedight, And jewel the rough thom With tiny globes of light,-How beautiful is morn t Her soattered gema how bright 1 Thore ia a quiet gladness On the waking earth, Like the face of sadnesa Lit with chastened mirth There is a mine of treasure In those hours of health. Filling up the measure Of oreation's weaith! in both hemispheres, for rifledom, the White Horse of Wilts, and now full-~edged county judgeship. Thèse excellent friendships survive many long years and will be transplanted elsewhere hereafter. AIl this grew from a casual encounter outside a coach but such is life what we call accidents are all providences, and we are guided inch by inch and minute by minute. Tom Hughes succeeded as a county judge in Yorkshire my old schoolfellow, St. John Yates, mentioned on a recent page in connection with Andrew Irvine's turkeycock irascibility. Watohiittio providences if indeed Or less there be, or greater, in the sight Of Him who govems ail by day and night, And sees the forest hidden in the seed Of all that happens take thou reverent heed, For seen in true Religion's happier light Though not unknown of ReMon's plaoid creed AU things are ordered ail by orbits move, Having precarsors, satellites, and signa, Whereby the mind not doubtfully divines What is the will of Him who rules above, And takes for guidance those paternal hints That all is well, that thou art led by Love, And in thy travel traokest old footprints. CHAPTER XII. PROVERBIAL PHILOSOPHY. AND this may well be a fitting place wherein to record the origin progress, and after long years the full com-pletion of what is manifestly my chief authorial work in life, Proverbial Philosophy. To ensure aecuracy, and not leave all the details to oftentimes unfaithfui memory, 1 will give a few extracts from a brief ac-count of the book, set down in 1838, at the beginning of Volume I. of My Literary Reirloom, now grown to many volumes, containing newspaper cuttings, anec-dotes, and lettem and scraps of ail sorts ielating to my numerous works. In the year 1828, when under Mr. Holt's roof at Albùry anno oetatis meae 18 , 1 bethought myself, for thé spécial use and behoof of my cousin Isabelle, who seven years after became my wife, that 1 wduld tran-scribe my notions on the holy estate of matrimony a letter was too light, and a formai éssaytooheavy, and 1 didn't care to versiiy.my thoùghts, so 1 resôlved tocon-veythemintho manner of Solomon'a Proverbs or the 'Wisdom'.ôf Jésus thé Son of Sirach and 1 did so,-suooessively, in thé Articles Ërst on Marriage, then -Love, then Friendship, and fourthly on Education 1 severàl ôther pièces growing àftërwards. Whiist at Albut'y, my cousin showed some. of these to our reotor, Hugh M'Neile, who warmly praised them, and recom-mended their publication but, regarding them as pri-vate and personal, 1 would not hear of it, and in fact ib was nine years before they saw print thus literally, though 1 meant it not then, exemplifying the Horatian advice, 'nonumque premantur in annum.' However, one day in August tS~S, Mr. Stebbing, whose chapel in the, Hampstead Road 1 used to attend when Hying at Gothio Cottage, Regent's Park, in my first yea.fs of marriage, visiting me and urging me to write something for thé ~AeM BM~, which he was then editing, I wns induced to show him these earliest essays but 1 de-clined to give tbem to him, whereat he was angered i perbaps the rather in that 1 objected to piecemeal pub-lication, possibly also castiog some reproach as the fashion of the day then was upon magazine and jour-nalistic literature generaUy. That 1 made an enemy of him was evidenced by a apiteful little notice in the ~ AetMMtm of April sist three months after my ôrst séries was puMished stating that it was a book not likely to please beyond the circle of a. few minds as eccentrio as the author'a.' The same false friend ex-cluded me altogethér from any notice in thé .SccMM.tM~' wherein he had some literary influence. To thia day these reviews hâve been my foes, which 1 regret. StiD, Mr. Stobbing did me aubstantial good ho praised the idea as new, because a resuscitation of what was very old.and aa of my own origination in these latter days, and aa a good vehicio for thoughts on many matters and ho promised hiavaluable assistance to a young author's me,performing as above. So, after a. last interview with him a.t hig house, wherein I oon-olusively refused him, 1 wrote my Preface at once, jotting down as 1 recollect at the streot corner post opposite Hampstead Road Ohapel on the back of an old letter my opening paragraph,-Thoughts that have ta-rried in my mind, and peopled ita inner chambers,' c., c. Il In ten weeks from that day 1 had my firet séries ready.-supposing it then ail I should ever write -the same assurance of a final end having been my délusion at the close of eaoh of my four séries. My nrst pub-Iisher was Rickerby of Abchurch Lane, who produced a beautifuUy printed small folio volume with ornamental initiais, and now very scarce it came to a second édition, but brought me no money.-and the third edition Mailing to sell, it was in great part sont to America where N. P. WiUis finding a copy, fancied the book that ofsome forgotten author of the Elizabethah era, and quoted it week after week in a periodical of his, The Home Journal, as such years afterwards, when he. met me in London, he was scared to find that one whom he had thought dead three hundred years was still alive and juvenile and ruddy. It might be thought indelicate in me to quote at length thé many pleasant greetihgs of thé press to my nrst odd volumes sumce it to say, that the kind critios were with few exceptions unanimous in commendation ¡ and some great names, as Heraud, Leigh Hunt, and St. John particularly vouredme,-the latter prophesyiug a tenth édition but 1 must still condescend to pick out at the end of this paper a iew of the plums of praise wherewith my ëarly publication was indulged, if ooly to please the numerous admirers of my chief ''hfework.' One comfbrt is that'no one of my roviewers a l my life through bas ever been bought or rewardod. 'As to thé H less fulsome style of criticism, I waa supposed by the ~peo~~ to have written in hexameters,as if David or Solomon had ever imitated Homer or some more ancient predecessor of his and thé ~MM. fancied that 1 had cullèd from Erasmus, Bacon, Franklin, and Saavedra,' whereas I was totally ignorant of their wis-doms Saavedra I have since learned is Cervantes. The Sunday 2VMMS finds Proverbial Philosophy very like Dodsley's Economy ofHùman Life, but I may say 1 never saw that neat little book of maxims till my brother Dan gave it to me fourteen years after my Philosophy was public property I am also by this cntio supposed tô have imitated the Galistan or Bostan of Saadi, whereof I need not profess my total ignorance how-ever, the writer kindly says of me, 'if he fail to make himself heard, the fault will be rather in the public than in him.' Thé JMe~opoK~OMt propounds that a book like this would make a man's fortune in the East, but we are afraid that phUpsophy in proverbs has no gréât chance in the West we should recommend the author to get it translated into Arabie. I have since heard that some of it has been. Let thia be enoùgh aa to those first fruits of criticism, whioh might be éxtended to satiety but 1 decline to become inebriatedwith the exuberance of my own verbosity, as Beaconsfield hàa it about Gladstone. To carry on the story of my old book, its second series was due to Harrison Aicsworth, at ail events instrumectally. For, just as he was estabUshing his special magazine, he asked me to help him with a con-tribution in the stylé of that ~then now popularity, my ProYorbs. This I sturdttydeolined for in my young dnys, it was thought urigentlëmanlike to write in magazines, though dukes, archbishops, and premiers do so now even authorship for money was thought vulgar but, when there greeted me at home a parcel of well-bound books as a gift from the author, being all that were then extant pf Ainsworth's, was so taken aback by his kindly munificence that 1 somewhat penitentially responded thereto by an impromptu chap-ter on Gifts, wherewith I made the quarrel up and he was deHghted one or two others foUowing. How-ever, I was too quick and too impatient to wait for piecemeal publication month by month,-seeiug I soon had my second séries rëady and so, loaving Rickerby. as an unfruitful publisher thougb, as will soon appear, he prdduced other books for me 1 went to Hatchards with whom 1 had a long and prosperous career-receiving aunually from ~500 to ~'8oo a year, and in the aggregate having benefited both them and myself-for we shared equally-by something like ~'ib,ooo a piece. But in the course oftime, the old grandfather and the father of the house, excellent men both, went severally to the Botter Land, and 1 had published other books elséwhere, as 'will be seen. anon and, àmougst pther things, Mr. Bertrand Payne, who represented the respectable poetic house of Moxon, desired to inolude me in his Beàuties of thé Poets, and in order to that, having previously obtained liceuse both from me and Messrs. Hall Virtuë to sélect spécimens of my lyrics for his volume, askëd me to let him add a few bits of Proverbial to this 1 willingly assented, but found myself repulsed by thé temporarychief at Hatchurds'-Iately a subordinate-r with a direct refusai to permit any portion of my book, of which they had a three years' lease then nearly oùt, to be included in thé spécimen volume until thé wholë remaiuder copies were sold off. Mr. Payne on that immediatcly bought all they had, writing a cheque of ~900 in payaient down,-whereof 1 got one-half, as 1 should have done if sold at Hatchards'. I then of course went equitably over to Moxon's.-and not long after published my third series with that house, at Mr. Payne's suggestion and soliûitation it was not a financial success, auy more than others in that quarter l'ut I was paid by having my later thoughts on topics ofthe day so handsomely published atno coat of mine. The house of Moxon having its reverses,-and a fourth and final series of Proverbial Philosophy having grown up meanwhile, I concluded to go to Ward Lock, that my four series might for wider circulation be all included in one cheap volume, beautifully got up, and with them I have since had some small success for though the royalty is only about a penny a volume, the numbers lioensed have been an edition of 20,000 succeeded in thé course.of years by another of 30,000 . and I still leave the book with them so far as that cheap issue is concerned. As, however, I desired to meet the wish of many friends and others of the public who often asked for a handsomer form, sùggesting a reproduction of Hatchards' quarto, with additional illustrations for the new matter, 1 applied to Cassell, and made arrangements to hâve the whole four séries issued piecemeal in weekly or monthly parts, so-as to meet as OasselFs manager suggested a certain demand from the middie and artisan class seeing-that the aristooracy and gentry had bought the whole volume so freely, but.aixpenny parts in a wider field might bring on a new saïe. did not then 'know that Casaell's had numerous sériais aiready on hand, and that many of them were unremunerative and so I was a little surprised and vexed to find that my book was after all to appear as a whole and not in numbers, and that at a higher price, half-a-guinea, in these cheap times quite prohibitive. I protested vainly as to this as 1 did also at the unaatisfaotory charactor of the illustrations to the third and fourth séries, promised to be equal to Hatchards' first and second, which had cost~'aooo but Cassell's additions were cheaply and insufficiently supplied by old German plates, adapted as much as might be. to my words for illustration. This manifest inferiority of the last half of the volume, as well as .its too great price, stopped the sale,-and after a time with a high hand all the copies were sold off by auction, to the losa of both publisher and author. As 1 had supplied gratis the plates of Hatohards' edition, buying up the half not mine and giving thé other, 1 found myseifthus muicted in a large sum, for which 1 hâve only to show in return about a hundredwoight of wood-Mocks and stéréotypes -which may be bought by any publisher at bargain priée. Altpgether the whole anair was unsatisfactory and disappointing. Individuals may be génial, honest, and considerate, but a company or a partnership simply looks to thé hardest bargain in the shrewdest way. Of ail this l'II complain, vainly enough, no more. In their several places, many anecdotes about Pro-verbial Philosophy shall duly appear I may mention one or twp now, as timely. When that good old man, Ûrandiather Hatohard, more than 8~ ootogenaria! , first sawmo, he placedhishand on my darkhair and said with tears in his oyes, You will thank G od for this book when your head cornes to be as white as mine. têt me gratefully acknowledge that he was a true prophet. When 1 was writing the concluding essay of the firat series, my father not quite such a prophet as old Hatchard exhorted me to burn it, as his ambition was to make a lawyer of me, the Church idea having failed from my stnmmering, and he had very little confidence, as a man of the world, in poetry bringing fortune. However, it did not get burnt,. though I had aomo diffi-culty in persuadiug him to let me get it printed instead. The dear good man lived to bless me for it, especially for my. essay on Immortality, which 1 know affected him seriousiy, and he~gavo me ~2000 as a gift in conséquence. As I may, have been only too faithfully frank in men-tioning this curious literary anecdote,-which, as known to.others, I could scaroely have suppressed,-it is'only fair to the momory of my dear and honoured father that 1 should hère produce one of his very few letters to me, just found among my archives and bearing upon this same subject. It was written to me at Brighton, and is dated,Laura House, Southampton, Ootober 16, 184.2 Mv DEAREST MARTIN-Anythiug that 1 could say, or any praise that 1 could give respecting your last volume would, in my estimation, faU very far short indeed of its merits. 1 shall therefore merely say that 1 look upon your chapter upon Immortality, not only as a most exquisite specimen of'fine, sound, and learned composition, but as combating in thé most satisfaotory mnnner thé M Md'owt of inndelity, almoat porfeot. 1 oniy hope that you may receive the just tribute of the literary community your own feelings as the author of that chapter must bo very enviable. God Ness you, dearest, dearest Martin.-Bolieve me, over your' affec-tiônate father and sincère friend, MAMiNTuppER. 1 need not say that these are tp~MM?~ verba, and that 1 here insert the letter in full, as the warmest and most honourable palinode I could hâve received from a man so usually reserved and reticent as waa my revered and excellent father. The brother of my friend Benjamin Nightingale to be more spoken of hereafter was so fascinated with the book that he copied it all out m his own handwriting, word for word, and was jocularly aecused of pretending to its authorship. 1 once met an enthusiast who kuew both the two nrst series by heart,-and certainly he wént on wherever 1 tried to pose him from thé open volume, -my own memory being far less faithful. Similarly my more recent friend William Hawkea claims to have read the whole book sixty times whereof this im-promptu of mine is a sort of half proof Impromptu. Sixty times, you tell me, friand, You've read my books from end to end. Perhapa not all my myriad rhymes, But all my rhythmios sixty times. Yes, friend, for 1 have heard you quote My old Proverbials by rote Page after page, and anywher.e Have heard yon Bpout them then and there, Though 1 myself had quite forgot .'Whatihadivrit.andyouhadnot. Well, author surely never more Was oomplimented 60 befpro For though 1 knew in years long past An amiable enthusiast, Who oopied out in his MS. My whole Proverbial, as for press, T~o more strange anecdotes may here find their place otbers will occur e!sewhere in this volume here-after rospeoting Proverbial Philosophy. Joseph Durham, the sculptor, a great friend of mine, had been known to me for some years, and one day he gave me a curious little book, very amoient and dingy-looking, entitled Politeuphuia, Wits' Commonwealth London,' ° 1667 with this explanadon, that he had picked it up at an old bookstal 1,- and, Rnding it was written somewhat in proverbs gave it to me, adding, in his shrewd way, the humorous fancy. that until ho had read it and couidn't discover a line or thought of exact similarity possibly he might have checkmated me by showing me the mine from which I had dug my wisdoms 1 As I have béfore me a memorandum pasted into the booklet itself it is a minute duodecimo I will hère quote exactly what î wrote in it a.t the time thé date being Albury Houso, May 24, t86~ This little book has jnst been given to me by Durham it is very scarce, so muoh so that thé British Muséum, he says, does not possess a copy probably there are not six in thé world. I nevet saw it, nor heard Until hë hait believed that he Was the real Simon M. F. T. Yet thou, my worthy William Hawkes, Hast beaten Nightingale by ohalks,-And, years ago, your friends for fame Have given you Martin Tupper's name, Because you oonstantly were heard Quoting Proverbial word for word 1 So then, by heart, as by the pen, 1 live upon the mouths of men,' Ev'n as Ennius lived of old, A life worth more than gems or gold. of it till now just twenty-nine years after the publication of my Proverbial Philosophy. It is a curious coincidence that the headings of this Wits' Miscellany.are similar to my own as Of so and so throughout I first wrote On 60 and so but did not like the sound, aud remembering it would be De in Latin, altered it to Of. The treat-ment also of the subjeots bas some apparent similitude but in looking all through the book, it is strange that Dot one line, not one phrase, is the sameas any of mine. Travelling on the same. road, and in somewhat of thé same proverbial rhythm, this is very curious whilst it certainly acquits me of even uniutended and unconscious plagiarism. The headings begin of God, of Heaven, of Angels, c.and then of vertue, of peace, of truth, c., and afterwards of love, of jealousie, of hate, of beauty, of fiattery,. c., o.all being aphoristic quotations from anciént authors. As before stated, the whole was unseen by me until nearly thirty years after I had pub-liBhed my independent essaya on .the.same thèses much in a similar key. This is a parallel. case to the recent statoment in a prihtëd book with eharactenstic illustrations respecting thé non-origitmiity of Bunyan's Pilgrim's Prdgress and Milton's Paradise Dost has been similarly disparaged, Mr. Plummer Ward having writteh, and shown to me a pamphlet by himself to prove that some Italian poem seon by Milton in youth precedod him on thé same Unes -while Mr. Gtëikie qnotes from the AngIo-Saxoti Coedmon papers nearly ideritical with some in Paradiae Lost. But thero ia no end to assertions bf this sort, impugning authorial honesty and originality when authora writeon thé same topics and with much thé same stoèk ofwords and ideas both roligipus and educational, it is only a marvel that the thoughts and writings of men do not oftener collide, and seem to be plagiaristic reproductions. I have spoken of ail thia at length, that if any one hereafter finds this Politeuphuia in the British Museum which is welcome to have my copy if it lacks one ,.and years hence accuses my innocence of having stolen from it, he may know that 1 have thus taken the bull by the horns and twisted him over. The last anecdote 1 shall now iufliot upon my reader in this oonnection is as foltows One James Orton, an American gentleman whom 1 have never seen that I know of unless by possibility in some one of the crowds met anonymously, before whom 1 may hâve read in public was kind enough many years ago to publish a beautifully printed and illustrated volume Thé Proverbialist and the Poet, wheréof he sent me two copies but laoking his address, probably with the délicate object of preventing an acbnowledgment and 1 am almost ashamed to state-that his whole book in different inks combines the thréefold wisdoms of King Solomon, William Shakes-peare, and Martin Tupper thé title page being decorated in colours with views of the Temple, Strat-ford-on-Avon, and Albury House 1 If I venturod' to quoto the Preface, it would beat oven this as thé climax of fùlsome nattëry, and 1 think that my friende of the Comio Press who have done me so much. service by keeping up my shuttlecock with their battledores, and so muoh honour by p!acing me prominontly aniong the defamed worthies of thé worid, would in their oharity. for they have somo pity the victim of suoh ex-cruciating praise, if he failed hereby to repudiate it. Not but that poor human nature delights in adulation. I well remember the joy wherewith I first greeted the following from a, Cincinnati paper so hearty too, and generous, and. obviousiy sincere. The author of this book will rank, we are free to say, with the very first spirits of the British world. It will live, in our judgment, as long as the Ënglish language, and be a text-book of wisdom to the young of all généra-tions of America and England both. We would rather be the author of it, thau hold any civil or ecclesiastical oSice in thé globe. We would rather leave it as a legacy to our. children, than the richest estate ever owned by man. From our heart we' thank the young author for this precious gift, and, could our .voice reach him, would pronounce a shower of heart It blessings on his sou!. When we began to read it with our editorial pencil in hand, we undertook to mark its beautiful passages, should we find ahy worthy of distinction but, having read to our satisfaction-indeed to our amazomënt -we throwdown the pencil, and, had we as much space as admiration, we would quote the whole of it. It is one solid, sparkling, priceless gem. 1 may as well add a fewmore such extracts, as striotly within the text of ' My Lifework. The author of Proverbial Philosophy' is a writer in whom beautiful extremes meet,-the richness of the Orient, and the strength of the Occident-thé stern virtuo ofthe North and the passion of the South. Àt times his genius seems to posseas créative power, and to open to our gaze things new and glorious, of whioh we hâve never dreamed then again it soems like sunlight, its province not to croate, but to viYifyand glori~ what before waa within and around us. Aspirations, fandios, belie we have long folded in qur hearts as dear aud sacred things, yet never had the power or the courage to reveal, bloom out as naturally in hia pages as wild flowers when the blossoming time is come. We are not so much struck by thé grandeur of h!s conceptions, or fascinated by the elegauce of his diction, as warmed, ennobled, and delighted by the glow of his enthusiasm, the purity of his principles, and the continuous guahing forth of his tenderness. His words form an electric chain, along which he 6.euds his own soul, thrilling around the wide circle of his reader~N. P. WiLUS's ~ MMC t OMM! Perhaps no writer bas attracted a greater degree of public attention, or received a larger share of public praise, during tbe last few years, than Martin F. Tupper,-a man of whom England nmy well be proud, aud whose name will eventually be one of the very noblest on the scroll bf fame.tMte~dM. C~M~r. Everybody knows the 'Proverbial Philosophy' of Martin Tupper a, million and a half of copies-so, publisher~ say-hâve been sold in America.JVeM Yb~A~bfM. Full of genius, rich in thought, admirable in its reti-gious tone and beautiful language.C~~ctMtM~ t ~~ M. App!es of gbld set in piotures of silver' is the most apposite apophthegm we can apply to the entirework. Wehayerarelymet a volume- so grateful to the taate in ail ita parts, so rich in.its simplioity, so unique iu ita arrangements, and so perfect in ail that côustitùtos the perfection of style, as the,volume before us. It muet live likeimmortalseod,to produce a continuai harveatofpro. ûtable reHection. .PAi~ot!6~M ~ j~pMcopc~~6corc!e~ No one can glance at this work withuut perceiving that .it is produoed by thé mspiration of genius. It is full of glorious thoughts, 'eaoh of which might be expanded into a treatise.OMty Atlas. We cannot express the intense iuterest and delight with which we have perused 'Proverbial Philosophy. 0!'e~m's Evangelist. The Proverbial Philosophy' bas struck with almost miraculous force and effect upon the minds and hearts of a large class of American readers, and has at once rendered its author's na.me and character famous and familiar in our country. It abounds in gems and apt allusions, which display without au effort the deep pra.c-tical viewa and the eesthetical culture of the author. -SbM~6~ JM~OMy J~ae~ Let all this suffice for America a few from this side of the Atlantic may be added Il. Wero we to eay ail we think of the noNenesa of the thoughts, of thé beauty and virtuousness of the senti-ments contained in this volume, we should be con-strained to write a lengthened eulogtum on it.JM M MK~ Post. Martin Farquhar Tupper bas won for himself the vacant throne waiting for him amidst the immortalSj and-after a long and glorious term ôf popularity among those who know when their hearts are touched, witbout being able to justifytheir taste to their intellect, has been adopted by the sumrage of mankind and the Rnal decree of publishers into the same rank with Words-worth, Tehuyson, aud Browning.pec~ It ia a 'book easily ùudoratood, and repaying thé reader oneverypagewithsenti~nts true toe.xperiet oe, and expressed oftien with surprising beauty.F~a! eW M. .One of the most thoughtful, brilliant, and iinished productions of the age.Banner of the Cross. For poetic imagery, for brightuess of thought, for clear and striking views of all the interests and conditions of man, this work bas been pronounced by the English and Americah press a3 unequalled.Zt~J~ef. Thé principal work of Martin Farquhar Tupper, 'Proverbial Philosophy,' is instinct with the spirit of genial hopeful love and to this mainly should be attri. buted the vast amount of sympathotic admiration it bas attracted, not only in this country, but aiso in the United States.MA ~6MeM~. We congratulate ourselves, for the sake of our hnd's language, on thia noble addition to her stock of what Dr. Johnsonjustly esteema 'thé highest order of learn-ing.' If Mr. Tupper be not the high priest of his profession, he is at least no undignified niinister of thé altar. Thé spirit of a noble hope animates the exercise of bis high function.a~AcMo~. 1 We know not whether Mr. Tupper, when ho was pouring forth the contents of thèse glorious volumes, intended to write prose or poetry but if bis object waa the former, his end bas not been accomplished. Pro-verbial Philosophy' is poetry assurediy ppotry exqui-site, almost beyond the bounda of fancy to conceive, brimmed with noble thoughts, and studded with' heaven-ward aspirations.C~MMAo M~a~JbM~a~ The Proverbial Philosophy,' which nrst established Mr. Tuppor's reputatton, is a work of standard. excel-lence. It bas met with- unpreoedented success, and many large editions of it bave been sold. It led to the Mtthor's being eleoted a .FeHow jof the Royal Sooiety and the King of Prussia, in token of his Majestés high approbation of the work, sent him the gold medal for science and literature. ~~M~ow Examiner. This book is like a collection of miniature paintings on ivory, small, beautiful, highly finished, and hetero-geneous in style something between prose and verse not so rigid as to fetter the thought, not so free as to exclude absolute diatinctness, with the turn and phrase ofpoetry.OE~MM.~MM~Mce~. There is more novelty in the sentiments, a greater sweep of subjects, and a nner sense of moral beauty displayed by Mr. Tupper, than we remember to have seen in any work of its dass, excepting of course thé 1 Proverbs of Solomon.' We aiso discover in his Philosophy' thé stores of extensive reading, and thé in-disputable proo of habituai and devout réfection, as well as the workings of an'elegant mind.OM~e~ew. Have we not now donc onough to show that a poet of power and of promises-a poet and philosopher both-is amongst us to dèlight and instruct, to elevato and to guide.C~c~oc~eJoMt~M~. Thia work glows and glitters all over with thé effluence and lustre of a fine imagination, and is steeped in the rich hues and pervading beauty of a mild wisdom, and a génial and kindly morality.o~ Times. Thé'Proverbial Philosophy' contains much sound reflection, moral and religious maxims of thé highest im-portance, élégant .Bgures and allusions, sound and serious observations of life,-all ëxprossod in most appropriate and well-selectod languago. ?e~eMMM'a ~ ~ e. One of thé most original and ourious productions ofourtimo. M. A book as full, of sweetness as a honeycomb, of gentleness as woman's heart in its wisdom worthy the disciple of a Solomon, in its genius the child of a à Milton. Every page, nay almost.every line, teems with evidences of profound thinking and various reading, and the piotures it often presents to our mind are the most imaginative and beautiful that can possibly be conceived.C!Mtf Journal. If men delight to read Tupper both in Englànd and America, why should they not study him both in the nineteenth century and in the twentieth 1 The judg-ment of persons who are more or less free from insular pt'ejudices is said in some degree to anticipate that which is admitted to be the conclusive verdict of posterity M~a~.Z~MW. Thé popularity of the 'Proverbial Philosophy' of Martin Tupper is a gratifying and healthy symptom of the present taste in literature, the book being full of lessons of wisdom and piety, conveyed in a style start-ling at first by ita novelty,.but irresistibly pleasing by its earpestness and éloquence.2~M'oM'y ?eK!6M Mr. Mill, Mr. Herbert Spencer, Mr. Browning, Mr. Morris, Mr. Rossetti-ail these writers have a wider audience in America than in England. So too bas Mr. Tupper. The imagination staggers in attempting to. realise thé number of copies of his works which have been published abroad. Uniike most of his contemporaries, further, he haa conquëred popularity in both hemispheres.. He haa won the suffràges of two great nations. He may now diaregard critioism.JDcn~ ~6M'A This sonnet, written and published in 1837, nearly ha~f a century ago, explaina itaelf and may fairly corne in here as a proteat and prophecy by a then yoùng author. And, .? ? ~c, if hyper-criticiam objecta that a sonnet must always be a fourteen-Hner this being one only of twelve 1 reply that it is sometimes of sixteen, as in the, eue by Daute to Madonna, .whioh I have translated in my Modern Pyramid and there are instances of twelve, as one at least of Shakespeare's in his Passionate Pilgrim. But this is a smaU technicality. ~ my Book 7'fo~~Ko~ .PAt~Mo~ before Publioation. My soul's own son, dear image of my mind, 1 would not without blessing send thee forth Into the bleak wide world, whose voioe unMud Perohanoe will mock t thee as nothing worth For the cold critio's jealous eye may find In ail thy purposed good little but illi May taunt thy simple garb as quàintly wrought, And praise thee for no more than the small skill Of masquing as thine own another's thought What then connt envious sneers as less than nought Fair is thine aim,-and having done thy best, So, thus I bless thee yea, thou shalt be blést 1 There were alao two others afterward, in the jubilato vein but I spare my reader, albeit they are curiously prophetie of thé wide good-doing since accomplished. Tp thé above numerous commendations which indeed might be indo6nitely extended, it ia ouly fair to add that Proverbial Philosophy bas run the gauntlet of bpth hemispheres aiso in the way of, parody, ridicule, plagiaristio imitation, and in somë instances of énvious and malignant condemnation. It has won on eaoh side bothpraise from the good and censure from thé bttd our co.mio papers haYe amused us with ita tra-yesties-as Churob Liturgies and'Holy Writ have been similarly parodied.-and some of thé modern writers who are unfiiendly to Obristtan inBuotioes hâve doue their small endeavour to damage both the book and ite author through adverse criticism. But their efforts are vain. They have availed only to advanco-from first to last now for some forty-five years-the world-wide success of Proverbial Philosophy. If it is expected, as a matter of impartiality, that 1 should hère print adverse criticisms as well as those which are favourable, I simply decline to be so foolish a caricature impresses where a portrait is forgotten the litera ~c?Tp~ in printer's ink remains and is quotable for ever, and I do not think it worth while deliberately to traduce myse~f and my book children by adopting the opinions of dyspeptic scribes who will find how well I think of them in my Proverbial Essay ZoUism which, by the way, I read at St. Andrews, before some chiefa of that university, with A. K. H. B. in the chair. Aocordingly, I prefer now to appear one-sided, as a piece of common sense quite i~idiSerent to the charge of, vain-gloriousness all the good verdicts quoted are genuine, absolutely unpaid and unrewarded, and are matters of sincère and skilled opinion so being such 1 prize them the opposing judgments-much fewer, and far less hearty, as willing to wound and yet afraid'to strike -may as well perish out of 'memory by being ignored and neglected. Hère is a social anecdote to illustrate what I mean. I once knew a foolish young noblemau of the highest rank who~to spite his younger brother as. ho fancied-postod him up in hia club for having called him a maggqt and ail he got for his pains in this exposure was that'thé namo stuok to him-self for life! 1 so it is not necessary to borrow fame's trumpettoproolaimone'afewdispratBes. Moreover, I hâve thought it ouly just to the many unseen Jovers of Proverbial Philosophy to show them how heartily their good opinions have been counter-signed and sanctioned all over the English-speaking world by critics of many schools aud almost aU denomi-nations. It is not then from personal vanity tbat so much laudation is exhibited God.wot, I hâve reason to denounce and renounce self-seekingj-but rather tb gratify and corroborate innumerable book friends. If there had been International Copyright in the more halcyon days of my Proverbial popularity, when, as reported see the New York World on p. 124 , a million and a half copies of my book were consumed in America, I should have been materially rewarded by a royalty of something like a hundred thousand pbunds but the bare fact is that all I have ever received from my Trans-atlantic booksollers in the way of money bas been some ~'8o three thousand dollars which Herman Hooker of Philadelphia gave me for the exclusive privilege-so far as could grant it-of being my publisher, For aught e!se, I hâve nothing to complain of in the way of praise, however proSt!ess, of kindiiness, however well ap-preciated, and of boundlesa hospitality, however fairly reimbursed at th~ time by thé val.uaNe presence of a foreign celebrity. No doubt the public are benefited by thé cheapness of books unproteoted by copyright, and the author, 'if ho wins no royalty, gains by famé and pleasure but the absence of a copyright law is a gréât mistake,-as well as an injustice to the authorship of both nations, by starving the literature of. oach other, American publishers will not sumoiently pay their own native bookwrights when they oan appropriate their neigbbburs works for nothing and ours in England pro-bably enriched themselves as vastly and cheaply by Mrs. Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Oabin as many among the thirty-three States by Proverbial Philosopby. As my bandsome quarto Proverbial bas been for two générations a common gift-book for weddings, and bas more than once appeared among the gifts at royal marriages, it is émail wonder that I have often been greeted by old-and young-married couples as having been a sort of spiritual Cupid on such occasions. Fre-queutlyat myreadings and elsewhere ladies thitherto unknown bave claimed me as their unseen friend, and some have feelingly acknowledged that my Love and Marriage both written in my teens were the turn-ing-points of their lives and causes of their happiness. Thèse Hues will meet the eyes of some who will acknow-ledge their truth, and possibly if they like it may.write and tell me so some of my warmest friendships have originated in grateful letters of a similar character. It may aiso be worthy of mention that on this side of the Atlantic as well as on~ the other see especially the case of N. P. Witlis it bas ôftenbeen taken for granted that thé author of Proverbial Philosophy bas been dead for générations. No doubt this is due both to the antique style of the book and to the retiring habits of its tuithor oomparativelyfew of myroadera knew me bysight. 1 could mention many proofs of this belief in my non-existence hère is one a daughter of mine is asked lately by an eminent person if she is a descen-dânt of the oelebratod Etizabetban author andwhen that individual in passing round the room came néar to 'the Professer, and was introduced to him as her father, the man could scarcely be .brought to believe that his long-departed book friend was positively alive before him. The Professer looked as if he had seen a ghost. Throughout this volume I wish my courteous readers to bear in mind that the writer excludes from it as much as possible the strictly private and personal élément it is intended to be mainly authorial or on mattera there-with conneoted. Moreover, if they will considerately take in.to account that as a youth and until middie age I was, from thé speech-impediment since overeome, isolated from the gaieties of society, as also that I religiousiy abstained from theatricals at a time before Macready, who has since purified them into a very fair school of moraJs,-to say less of having been engaged in marriage from seventeen to twenty-five,-I can have for example no love adventures to offer for amusement, nor any dramatio anecdotes such as Ruskin might supply. The autobiography of Benvenuto Cellini is full of enter-taining and highly coloured incidents which could not be possible to one rather of thé Huguenot stamp than that of thé Cavalier, and so I cannot compote therewith as to any qftho spicier records of hot youth, for which indeed let me be thaukful.. If then my reader finds me less lively than ho had-shall I say uncharitably ?-hoped for,, let him take into account that, to quote the splendid but sensuous phrase of Swinburne,. I have aiwaya beonatupidiy prône, to prefer the lilies and languora of virtue to thé rosés and rapturesof vice. 1 will now proceed with thé solf-imposed duty of .re-cording my authorial. performances. CHAPTER XIII. A MODERN PYRAMID. IN 183~, Rickerby was again my publisher the new book being A Modern Pyramid to Commemorate a Septuagint of Worthies. In this volume, commencing with Abel, and ending with Felix Ne9,1 hâve greeted both in verse and prose tbreescore and ten of the Exoel-~ lent of the earth. Probably'the best thing in it ia thé Vision Introductory and, as the book has been long out of print, 1 will produce it here as an interesting night of fancy, albeit somewhat of a long one. If an author can be'accounted a fair judge of his own writings, thia.is my best effort in the imaginative line and as it is no new brain-child we always love the last baby best , but was written little short of fifty years ago, the impartial opinion of an old judge is probably a correct one. The sun-dial is still in my garden,-and as 1 stood by it haïf a century since, there grow up to my mind's eye this Vision -1 was walking in my garden at noon and 1 came to the sun-dial, where, shutting my book, I leaned upon the pedestal, musing sothethinshadowpointodtotwelve. 'c Of a sudden, 1 feit a warm s~eet breath upon my cheek, and, starting up, in much wonder beheld a face of the most bowitohing beauty close besido me, gazing on the dial it was only a face and with èarriest fear I leaned, stead stly watching its strange loveliness. Soon, it looked into me with its fascinating eyes, and said mournfully, 'Dost thou not know me?'-but I was speechless with astonishment then it said, Con-sider with that, my mind rushed into me like a flood, and I looked, and considered, and speedily vague outlinos shaped about, mingled with floating gossamers of colour, until I was aware that a glorious living Créature was growing to my knowledge. So I looked resolutely on her for she wore the garb of woman , gazing still as she grew and again she said mildly, 'Considor then I noted that from her jewelled girdie upwards, all was gorgeous, glistening, and most beautifui her white vest was rarely worked with living flowers, but brighter and sweeter than those of earth flowing tresses, blacker than the shadowa cast by the bursting of a meteor, and, like them, brilliantly intorwoven with strings of light, fell.in clusters on her fair bosom her lips were curled with the expression of majestio triumph, yet wreathed winuingly with nickër-ing smiles and the lustre of her terrible eyes, like sans flashing darkness, did bewilder me and blind myreason -'Then I veiled mine eyes with my clasped hands but again she said, Consider '-and bénding all my mind to the hazard, I encountered with calmness their steady radianoe, although they burned into my brain. Round about her sable locks was as it were a chaplet of are ¡ her right hand held a double-edged sword of most atrange workmanship, for the one edge was of keen steel, and the other as- it were the strip of. a peacook's feather on the face of the air about her were phantoma of winged horaoa, and of raoking-wheela and from her. glossy shoulders waved and quivered large.dazzlihg wings of iridescent colours, most glorious to look upon. So grew she slowly to myknowledge and as 1 stood gazing in a rapture, àgain she muttered sterniy,-'Oonsider'-Then 1 looked below.the girdie upon her flowing robes and behold they were of dismal hue, and on the changing surface fluttered fearful visions 1 dis-cerned Mood-spots on them, and ghastly eyes glaring from the darker fbids, and, when these rustled, were heard stifled moanings, and smothered shrieks as of horror and 1 noted that she stood upon a wreath of lightnings, that darted about like a nest of young snakes in the midst of a sullen cloud, black, palpable, and rolling in-wards as thick smoke from a furnace. Then said she again to me, 'Dost thou not know me?'-and 1 answered her.OWonder, terrible in thy beauty, thy fairness hâve 1 seen in dréams, and have guessed with a tremNing spirit that thau walkest among fears are thou notthat dread Power, whom the chiidreu. of men have namëd Imagination?'-And she smiled sweetly upon me aaying, Yéa, my son ' and her smile fell upon my~ heart like the sun on roses, till I grew bold in my love and said, 1 0 Wonder, I would learn of thee show me some strange sight, that I may worship thy fair majésty in secret.' Thon she stood liko a goddess and a queen, and stretohingfbrth her'arm, white as the snow aud glitter-ing with circlots, slowly beokoned with her aword to the points of the diaL .There was a .distant rushing sound, and 1 saw wnite cloads afar off drppping suddenly and together from thé .blue firmament all round me in a oirole and they fell to the earth, and rolled onwards, fearfuDyoonyerging.towhere 1 stood~ and they came on, on, on, like the galloping cavalry of heaven pour-ing in on ail sides as huge cataracts of foam and shutting me out from the green social worid with the awful curtains of the skies.-Then, as myheart was il ing me for iëar, 'and for looking at those inevitable strange onoomings, and the nxt eyes of my queehiike mistresa, I sent reason from his throne on my brow to speak with it calmly, and took courage. So stood 1 alone with that dread beauty by the dial, and the white rolling wall of cloud came on slowly around with suppressed thunderings, and the island of earth on which 1 stood grew smaUer and smaller every moment, and the garden-flowers faded away, and the familiar shrubs disappeared, until the moving bases of those cold mist-mountains were nxed at my very feet. Then said to me the glorious Power, standing in stature as a giant,Cornet why tarriest thou ? Cornet'-and instantly there rushed up to us a huge golden throue of light filigree-work, borne upon seven pinions, whereof eaeh was fledged above with feathers fair and white, but underneath they were ribbed batlike, and frièged with black down and all around fluttered beautiful winged faces, mingled and disporting with grotesque figures and hideous imps. Then she mounted in her pomp thé steps of the throne, and sat therein proudiy. Again she said to me, 'Cornet'-and I. feared her, for her voice was terrible so 1 threw mysolf down on the lowest of the seven golden steps, aud the border of her dark. robe touohed me. -Then was 1 full of dread, hemmed about with horrors, and the pinions rustled together, and we ruahed upward like a flame, and the hurrioane hastened after us my heart was as a frozenautumn-leafquivermg in my bosom, and I looked up for help and pity from the mighty ,Power on her throne but she spurned me with her black-saudalled foot, and I was thrust from my dizzy seat, and in falling clutched at the silver net-work that lay upon the steps as a carpet,-and so 1 hung my hands were stifRy crooked in the meshes like eagle's talons, my wrists were bursting, the bones of my body ached, and 1 heard the chill whisper of Death who came flitting up to me as a sheeted ghost bidding my poor heart be atill yet I would live on, I would cling on, though swinging foarfully from that up-rushing throne for my mind was unsubdued, and my reason would not die, but robelled against his mandate. And so the pinions fiapped away, the dreadful cavalcade of clouds followed, .we broke the waterspout, raced the whirlwind, hunted the thunder to his caverns, rushed through the light and wind-tost mountains of the snow, pierced with a crash the thick sea of ice, that like a globe of hollow glass séparâtes earth and its atmosphere from superambient. space, and flying forward through the airless void, lighted on another worid. Then triumphed my reason, for 1 stood on that silent shore, fearless though alone, and boldly upbraided the dread Power that had brought me thither,Trait-ress, thou hast not conquered my mind is still thy master, and if the weaker body failëd me, it hath beeu Slled with new energies in these quickening skies 11 am immortal as thou art yet shalt thou fear me, and hoed my biddings whorefore hast thou dared- ? but my wrathful. oyo looked on her bewitohing beauty, and 1 had no tongue to ohide, as she said in the sobriety of loveliness,My 8on have I not answered thy prayer 1 yet but, in part behold, 1 hâve good store of precious things to show thee with that, she kissed my brow, and 1 fell into an ecstasy. 1 perceived that 1 was come to the kingdom of disem-bodied spirits, and they crowded around me as around some strange créature, clustering with earnest looks, percbance to inquire of me somewhat from the world 1 had just left. Although impalpable, and moving through each other, transparent and half-in visible, each wore the outward shape and seeming garments he had mostly been known by upon earth and my reason whispered me, this is so, until the résurrection the seen material form is the last idea which each one hath given to the worid, but the glorified body of each shall be as diverse from this, yet being the same, as the gorgeous tulip from its brown bulb, the bird of paradise from his spotted egg, or the spreading beech from the hard nut that had imprisoned it.-Then Imagination stood with me as an èqual friend, and spake to~ me soothingly, saying, 1 Knowest thou any of these and I answered, Millions upon millions, a widespread inundation of shadowy forms, from martyred Abel to thé still-bom babe of this hour I behold the gathered dead millions upon millions~ lika the leaves of the western forosts, like the blades of grass upon thé prairie, they are here orowding iunumerable yet should my spirit know some among them, as having held sweot con-verse with their minds in books oniy this boon~ sweet mistress, from. yonder mingled harvest of the dead, iu grâce cull me mine intimâtes, that 1 may see them even with my bodily eyes.' So she smiled, and waved her fair hand and at once, a few, a very few, not all worthiest, not ail best, came nearer to me with looks of love and 1 knew them e.ach one, for 1 had met ami somewhilo wa!ked with each of them in the patbs'of méditation and sorne appeared less beatified than others, and some èven meanly clad as in garments all of earth, yet 1 loved them more than the remainder of that crowded world, though not equally, nor yet all for merit, but in that 1 had aympathy with these as my friends. And each spake kindly to me in his tongue, ao that 1 stood entrauced by the language of the spirits. Then said my bright-wiuged guide, Hast thou no word for each of these they love thy greeting, and would hear thee.' But I answered, À!as, beautiful Power, 1 know but the language of earth, and my heart ia cold, and I am slow of tongue. how should 1 worthily address these great ones -So with her finger she touched my lips, and in an inspiration 1 spake the language of spirits, where the thoughts are aa incense to the mind, and the words winged music to the car, and the heart is dissolvod into streams of joy, as hail that hath wandered to the tropics in sweetness I communed with. them all, and paid my debt of thanks. And behold, a strange tbing, changing the aspect of my vision. It appeared to me, in that dreamy dimness, whereof the judgment inquireth not and reason hath no power to rebuke it, that while I waa still speaking unto those great ones, thé aeveral greetings I had poured forth in my fervour,-being as it were nowinglava oin the voloano of my.heart,-becamo einbodied into mighty cubes of crystal and in thé midst of each one severally flickered its spiritual song, like a soûl, m characters of fire. So I looked in admiration on that fashioning of thoughts, and while.1 looked, behold, the shining masaea did shape up, growing of themselves into a fair pyramid apd 1 saw that its eastefnfoot was shrouded in. a miat, and thé hither western foot stood out clear and well defined, and thé topstoue in the middle was more glorious than the rest, and inscribed with a name that might not be uttered for whereas ail the remainder had seemed to be earthborn, mounting step by step as the self-built pile grew wondrously, this only had appearèd to drop from above, neither had 1 welcomed.. the name it bore in that land of spints nevertheless, 1 had per-ceived thé footmarks of Him, with whoso name it was engraved, even on the golden sauds of that bright world, aud had worshipped them in silence with a welcome. Thus then stood before me the majestic pyramid of crysta!, full of characters flashing heavenly praise and I' gloried in it as mine own building, hailing thé architect proudly, 'and 1 grew familiar with those high things, for my mind iri its fblly was lifted up, and look-ing on my guide, 1 said, '0 Lady, were it not iM, 1 would tell my brethren on earth of these strange màtters, aud ofthy favour,.and ofthe love all these -have shown me yea, and 1 would recount their greetings and mine in that sweet language of the apirita.But thé glorioua Wonder drew back majestic with a frown, saying, Not so, presumptùous child of man. thé things 1 hâve shown thee, and the greetings thou hast heard, and thé ~ougs wherewith 1 filled thee, cannot worthily be told in btber than the language of spirits aud where is thé alphabet of men that can Sx that unéarthly tonguo,-or how shouldst thou from hencëforth, or thy fellows upon earth, attain to ita délicate conceptions? behold, all these thine intimâtes are wroth with thee they dis-cern evil upon thy Boul the place of their sojourn is too pure for thee.' Then was thore a poat of thunder, like. the buratihg of a worid, whereupon all that restless sea of shadows, and their bright abode, va,nished suddenly and tbere ensued a flood of darkness, peopled with shoaling ars, and I heard the approach of hurrying sounds, with demoniac laughter, and shouts coming as for me, nearer and louder, saying, Oast out Cast out l' and it rushed up to me like an unseen army, and 1 Bed for life before it, until 1 came to the extrême edge of that spiritual world, where, as I ran looking backwards for terror-at those viewless hunters, 1 leaped horribly over the un~ guarded cli~and feU whirling, whirling, whirling, until my senses failed me-When 1 came to myself, I was by the sun-dial in my garden, leaning upon the pedestal, and the thin shadow still pointed tô twelve. In astonishment, 1 ran hastily to my chamber, and strove to remember the strains 1 had heard. But, alas 1 they had all passed away scarcely one disjointed note of that rare music lingered in my memory 1 waa awakened from a vivid dream, whereof the morning remembered nothing. Nevertheless, 1 toiled on, a rebel against that fearM Power, and deprived of her wonted aid my songs, invita Minervâ, are but bald trauslations of those heavenly weJcomings my humble pyramid, far from being thé visioned apotheosis of that of a Cepbron, bearà an unambitious Jikeness to thé meauer Asyohian, thé oharaoteristio of which, bamng its presumptuous motto, must bo voiled in one word from Herodotus 2-136 ,-ajas for thé bathos of translation, thé cabalis-tio~-w~of, built up of mud.' Was not Rome lutea as well, as. marmorea aud is not beautiful Parie,anciently Lutetia, .with its tile-sheds for Tuileries, and. a Bourbe-bonne for its Sovereign AU thèse sonnets, with others, were published by me elsewhere, as 1 state further on. The volume also contains soma of my less faulty translations, as from Sappho, ~sohylus, Pythagoras, Virgil, Horace, Dante Petrarch, o. And here I will give a chance spécimen out of my Septuagint of Wortbies, to each one of whom I have appropriated a page or two of explanatory prose besides his. fourteen lines of poetry. Take my sonnet on Sylva Evelyn Wotton, fair Wotton, thine ancestral hall, Thy green fresh-meadows, ooursed by ductile streams, That ripple joyous in the noonday beams, Leaping adown the frequent waterfall, Thy princely forest, and calm slumbering lake Are hallowed spots and classic precinots all For in thy terraced walks and beechen grove The gentle, generous Evelyn wont to rove, Peace-lover, who of nature's garden spake From cedars to the hyssop on the wall t 0 righteous spirit, fall'n on evil times, Thy loyal zeal and learned piety Blest ail around thee, wept thy countrys crimes, And taught the world how Ohristians live and die. The sonnet is a fprm of metrical composMion which bas been habituai with me, aamy volume Three Hundred Sonnets will go to prove and I have written quite a hundred more. The best always come at a burst, spontaneoualy and as it were inspirationally. A laboured sonnet is a dult pièce of artincial rhyming, aud as it springs not from thé heart of the writer, fails to reach thé. heart. pf the reader. If the metal does not flow out quio~ and hot, there ïtover oan be a sharp oasting.. Good sbpnots are cryatals of the heart and mind, perfeot from beginntng to end, aud are onty unpopular where poetasters make a carnal toil of. them instead of fiuding them a spiritual pleasure. But one who knows his theme may write reams about sonneteer-ing for instance, see that striking article on Shakes-peare's sonnets in a recent T~~M~ or, was it a Cb~M~o~eM~~ by Charles Mackay, himselfone of our literary worthiest, who bas so wèll worked through a long life for his country and his kind my best regards to him. His disoovery, or rather ingenious hypothesis, quite new to me, is, that some of the one hundred and fifty-four in that collection are by other writ ers than Shakes-peare, though falsely printed under his name, and that some more though by him were written imperson-ately in the characters of Essex and Elizabeth which would account for an awkward confusion of thé sexes hitherto inexplicable. Mackay thinks that thé pub-lisher included any sonnets by others whioh he thought worthy of the great bard, as if they were his, and so caused the injurious and wrong appropriation most of them are exquisite, and many undoubtediy Shakes-peare's some 1 have said probably by another hand. Criticali y speaking too, not one of ail the one hundred and fifty-four is of the conventional and elaboraté fourtoen-liner'sort, with complicated rhymes buteach is a, lyrical gem of three four-line stanzaa cloaed by distich. Mi!ton's eighteon are all of thé-more arti-ficial Petrarchian sort whioh Wordsworth bas dili-made hia model in more than four hundred instances ofveryvariotsdegroes in inerit. As 1 am writing a short mempir of my books, I may state that my owh small quarto of sonnets grew out of thé Modern Pyramid. CHAPTER XIV. AN AUTHOB'S MBïD PROBABILITIES. My next book, published by Bentley in 1841, is in some sort a psychological curiosity, its title being An Author's Mind, the Book of Title-pages and when 1 add that it contains in succession sketches of thirty-four new brain-children, all struggling together for exit from my occiput, it may be imagined how impelled I was to write them all down nxt, bowever brieBy, in black and white in order to get rid of them. The book is printed as edited by me whereas 1 wrote every word of it, but ha.d not then thé courage to say so, as certain things therein might well have onended some folks, and I did not wish that. I think I will give here a bit of the prefatory Ramble, to show how the emptying out of my thought-box must have been a most wholesome, a most necessary relief Now, reader, one little preliminary parley with you about myself. Hère beginneth thé trouble of authorahip, but it ia a trouble causiug case ease from thoughts, thoughts, thoughts, which never cease to make one's head ache till they are fixed on paper ease from dreams by night and rêveries by day thronging up in crowds bohind, like Deuoalion,'s ohildren, or a serried hoat in front, like Jason'a instant army , harassing thé brain, and atruggling for birth, a separato existence, a definite K life,-ease, in a cessation of that continuous internai hum of aerial forget-me-nots, clamouring to be recorded. 0 happy unimaginable vacancy of mind, to whiatle as ybu walk for want of thought 1 0 mental holiday, now as impossible to me as to take a true sohoolboy's interest in rounders and prisoner's base t An author's mind,-and remember always, friend, 1 write in character, so judge not as egotistio vanity merely the well playing of my y~e,-such a mind is not a sheet of smooth wax, but a magie stone indented with fluttering inscriptions,-no empty tenement, but a barn stored to bursting-it is a painful pressure, constraining to write for comfort's 'f3 saké,-an appetite craving to be satisned, as well as a. power to be exerted,-an impetus that longs to get away, rather than a dormant dynamic-thrice bave 1 let me confess it poured forth the alleviating volume as an author, a real author, real, because, for very peace of mind, involuntary,-but still the vessel nl s,-stiil the indigenous crop springs up, choking a better harvest, seeds of foreign growth,-stiU these Lemoean necks sprout again, claiming with many mouths to explain, amuse, suggest, and controvert, to publish invention, .and proscribe error. TruJy it were enviable, to .be less apprehensive, less retentive,-to be ntted with a colander-mind, like that penàl cask which forty-nine Danaïdes might not keep from leaking to be, some-times at least, suffered for a holiday to ramble brainless in the paradise bf fools. Memory, imagination, zea!, perceptions of men and things, equally with rank and riches, have often cost their full prioe, as many mad have known they take too muoh out of a man, fret, wear, worry him,-to be irritable is the conditional tax laid of old upon an author's ioteUect the crowd of internai imagery makes him hasty, quiok, nervoùs, as a haunted, hunted man-minds of coarser web heed not how small a thorn rends one of so délicate a texture,-they cannot estimate the wish that a duller sword were in a toûgher scabbard.-the river, not content with channel and restraining banks, overflows perpetually,-the extortionate exacting armies of the ideal aud the causal persecute MY spirit, and I would make a patriot stand at once to vanquish the invaders of my peace. 1 write these things only to be quit of them, and not to let thé crowd inorease,-1 hâve conceived a plan to destroy them all, as Jehu and Elijah with the priests of Baal I feel Malthusian among my mental nurslings a dire résolve has filled me to effect a premature destruc-tion of the literary populace supor~etating in my brain, -plays, novels, essays, tales, homilies, and rhythmi-cals for ethics and poetics, politics and rhetorics, will 1 display no more mercy than sundry commentators of maltreated Aristotle. I will exhibit them in their state chaotic,-I will addie the eggs, and the chioken shaJl not chirp, will reveal, and seèrets shall not wasto me I will.write, and'-thoughts shall not batten on me. The whole volume, as before-mentioned, is an epitome or quintessence of more than thirty works,-perhaps the best being Thé Prior of Marrick, a story of idolatry Anti-Xurion, a crusade against razors aud The Author's Tribunal, an oration but 1 confess, not having looked at the book since my hair was blaok and now it is snow-white , and considering that I wrote it forty-nve years ago, 1 am surprised to find how well worth reading is my old Author's MInd. It may some day attain a résurrection possibly even, in more than the skeleton form of its present appearance, muscles and skin being added, in a detailed filling up and nnishing of these mere sketches, if oniy time and opportunity were given to me. But I much fear at my time of life that my Tragedy of Nero must remain unwritten, as aiso my Novel of Charlotte Clopton, and that thrillingHahdbook of the Màrvellous not to mention my abortive Epie of Home, and sundry essays, satires, and other lucubrations which, alas 1 may now be considered addled eggs. In a last word, 1 somewhat vaingloriousiy claim for author-ship, as thus ~ M C~A~~ Mind. Temple of truths most eloquently spoken, Shrine of sweet thoughts veil'd round with words of power, The Author's Mind in all its hallowed riches Stands a Cathedral full of preoious things-Tastefully built in harmonies unbroken, Cloisterandaisle.darkoryptandaerytower Long-treasured relies in the fretted niches And secret stores, and heaped-up oSërings, Art's noblest weal.th with Nature's fruit and Bower. Paintings and Sculpture, Summer's best, and Springs, Its plenitude of pride and praise betoken An ever-burnihg lamp shinës in its soûl, Deep musio ail around enohantment nings And Gob's great Présence conseorates the whole 1 PROBABILITIES. In this our day, Agnostioism, if not avowed Âtheism, Beems to be making gréât way, and destroymg the happiness of thousauds. It may be a truth, though partly an unpieasant one, that he bas no faith who never had a doubt, oven as ho has no hope who never had a fear. Well, in .my short day and in my oWu smaU way 1 seem to have beon through everything, and there was a time when I was much worried with uninvited difficulties and involuntary unbeliefs. Such troublesome thoughts seemed to corne to me without my wish or will,-and stayéd too long with me for my peace however, 1 searched them out and fought them down, and cleared my brain of suoh poisonous cobwebs by writing my ProbabiUties, an Aid to Faith a small treatise on the antécédent Hkelihood of everything that has happened, which did trie gréât good while composuig it, and bas to my happy knowledge from many grateful letters enlightened and comfoi'ted hun-dreds of unwilling misbelievers. Tno book, aAer four editions, bas now long been out- of. print however, certainly I still wish it waa in the hauds of moderu sceptics for their good. The Scheme of the treatise is briefly this 1 begin by showing.the autecedeut pro-bability of the being of a God, thén of Hia attributes, and by inferehco from His probable benevolence, of His. hecoming a Creator then that thé created being in-ferior to His perfection might fall, in whioh event His benevolence would find a remedy. But what remedy 1 That Himsélf should pay thé penalty, and effect a full redemption. How 1 By becoming a créature, andso Jifting up the race to Himself through so generous a condescension. 1 show that it was antecedentiy pro-bable that the Divinity should come in humble form, not to pàralyse .our reason by outwàrd glories.-that He might even die as a seeming male ctor this was the guesa ôf Soorates and that for thé trial of our faith there are likèly tô be permitted all manner of dimculties aud mysteries for us to gain personal strength by combatmg and Jiviug them.down. Many other topics are touchod in this suggeattve little treatise, whore-anent a few critiques are available as thus, Thé author bas done good service to religion by this publica-tion it will shake the doubts ofthe sceptical, strengthen the trust of the wavering, aud delight the faith of the confirmed. As its character becomes known, it will deservediy fill a high place in the estimation of tbe Christian worid.B~a~MMt. And simHarly of other English journals, while the Americans were equally favourable. Take this ebaracteristie instance, one of many the Brooklyn ~ot~~e maiutaiua that thé author is one of the rare men of thé age he turua up thoughts as with a plough on the sward of monotonous usage. Aud ~ M~ Magazine, New York, com-meuds this reasoning with the sceptical, showing that if they consider probabilities simply, then all the great doctrines of our faith might reasonably be expected. An extract from the book itself, as out of print, may be acceptable, the more so that it takes a new and trae view as 1 apprehend of Job and hia restorcd prosperity One or two thoughts respecting Job's tria.1. That he should at last give way was only probable he waa, iu short, another Adam, and had another II, albeit he wrestled nobly. Worthy was ho to be named among God'a chosen three, 'Noah, Daniel, and Job,' and worthy that the Lord should Ness his latter end. This word brings me to the' point 1 wish to touch on,-the great compensation winch God gave to Job. Children ean ,never be regarded as other ,than iudividua.Hties, and ïtotwithstanding Eastern feelings about increase in quantity, its quality is, after all, the question for the heart. 1 mean that many children to be born is but an inadequate return for many children dying. If a father loses a well-beloved son, it is small récompense of that aching void that ho gets another. For this reason of the affections, and because 1 suppose that thinkera hâve sympathised with me in the dimoulty, I wish to say a word about Job's children lost and found. It will clear away what ia to some minds a moral and an'ectionate objection. Now this is the state of the case. Thé patriarch is introduced to us as possessing so many camels and oxen, and so forth, and ten children. AU these are represented to him by witnesses, to ail appearance credible, as dead and he mourns for his great loss accordingly. Would not a merchant feel to all intenta and purposes a ruined man, if he received a clear intelligence from different parts of the world at once that all his ships and warehouses had been deatroyed by hurricanes and fire ? 1 Faith given, patience fbilows and the triai is morally the same, whether the news be true or false. Remarkably enough, after the calamitous time is paat, when the good man of Uz is discerned as rewarded by heaven for hia patience by the double of everything once lost-his children remain the same in number, ton. It aeema to me quite possible that neither camels, o., ndr chiidren, really had been killëd. Satan might have meant it so, and sohemed it and the singly ooming messengers believed it,all, aaaiso did the well-enduring Job. But the scriptural word does not go to say that these things happened but that certain emissaries aaid they happened. 1 think the devil missed hia mark-that the messengers were soared by aome abortive diabolic efforts and that with a natural increase of camels, o., meanwhile the patriarch's paternal heart was more than compensated at the last by the restora-tion of his own dear children. They were dead, and are alive again they were lost, and are found. Like Abraham returning from Mount -Calvary with Isaac, it was the résurrection in a figure. If to this view. objection is made, that, because the boils of Job weré reàl, therefore similarly real. must be all his other evils I reply, that in the one temptation, the suSering.waa to .be mental in the other, bodily. In the latter case, positive personal pain was the gist of thé matter-in the former, the heart might be pierced, and the mind be overwhelmed, withôut the necessity of any such incurable amiction as thé chil-dren's deaths amount to. God's mercy may well have, aHowed thé evil one to overreach himself and when the restoration came, how double was the joy of Job over these ten dear children 1 Again, if. any one will urge that, in the common view of the case, Job at the last. really bas twice as manyohiidron as bëfot-e, for. that he has ten old ones in heaven, and, ten new ones on earth,-I must, in answer, 'think that explanation as urisatisfaotory to us as thé. verity of it would have been. to Job. Anection, human affection, is not so numerically nor vicariously consoled-and it is, perhaps worth whilo hère to have thrown out what 1 suppose to be a new view of the case, ifoclyto rescue suoh weaith as cbildren from the inSdel's sneer of being confounded with suoh wealth as oamels. Mbreover, suoh a paternal reward was an-toriorly more probable. THE OROOK OT GOLD, ETC. TnE origin of the Crock of Gold is so well given in a preface, written by Mr. Butler of Philadelphia, for his Amencan édition of my wbrks in 1851, that 1 choose hère to reproduce it, as below. Our cousins over the water were characteristically .very. fond of the Crock of Gold, and some éditions of Proverbial Philosophy were published by them as by the author of thé Crock of Gold ' on the title-page, whereof 1 hâve a copy. Moreover, it was dramatised and acted at thé Boston Muséum, Tremont Street -a playbill which 1 have announcing thé twenty-nrst représentation, November i, 1845 the writer sent it to me in MS., where it lies among the chaos of my papers. In Eng-land it bas been issued five times in various forms, and a printed play thereof as.adapted by Fitzball, who wrote for Astley's and thé like, was acted without my leave asked or granted in November 1847, at thé City of London Theatre in the East End 1 did not stop it, as on a certain private sorutiny 1 saw that the innuenoo of the play upon its crowded audiences seemed a good one. Unseon and unknown in a private box 1 noted the touching eneotofGraoo'a Psalm ch. viii. and .the. sobs and teara all over thé théâtre that accompanied it se it waa a wladom not to interfère with such whole-CHAPTERXV. soine popularity and wholesale good-doing. It was a fair method of preaching thé Gospel to the poor, for that crowd-was of the humblest. Thé Croek of Go!d bas been translated complete as a ~ 6M~e oM both in French and German by news-papers and 1 have copies somewhere, but I know not who wrote the French, the German authoress having been the Fraulein Von Lagerstrom. What Mr. Butler says in his préface, no doubt after speech with me, for 1 was his visitor at the time in 1851, is this -AU who have had the good fortune to meet Mr. Tupper during his visit here have been struek with his characteristic impulsiveness. In accordance with this feature of his miud, nearly all of his most successfui performances have been occasioned by something alto-gether incidental and unpremeditated-the result of an impulse acoidentalIy-sbaU we not say, providentially ? 1 -imparted. It was so with the Ërst work in this series four volumes respocting the composition of whichho bas given to me in conversation the following account. Some years ago he purobased a house at Brighton. While laying out the garden, he bad occasion to have several drains made. One day observing a workman, Francis Suter, standing in one of the trenches wet and wearied with toil, Mr. Tupper said to bim in a tone of pleasantry, 'Vouidn't you like to dig up there a orock full of gold?'If I did,' said the man, 'it would do me no good,.because merely nndingit would not make it mine. But suppose you could not only find such a treasure, but might honestly keep it, wouidn't you think yourself lucky -'Oh yes, Bir, I suppose 1 should -but,' after a pnuse, 'but 1 am not so sure, sir, that it is the best thing that could happen to me. 1 think, on the whole, I would rather have steady work and fair wages all the season than find a crock of gold.' Here was wisdom. The remark of the honest trench-digger at once set iu motion a train of thought in the mind of the author. Ho entered his study, wrote in large letters on a sheet of paper these words, THE OBOOK OF GoLD, a Tale of Covetousness,' and in less than a week that remarkable story was written. By the advice of his wife, however, he spent another week in rewriting it, and then gave it to the world in its finished state. In the same Butlerian volume occurs the following MS. notice writton by me in about 1853 respecting the origins of my two other taies, the three being issued together As in the instance of my Crock of Gold,' both 'Thé Twins' and Heart' were undoubtedly the out-come in after years of early observations, anecdotes, and incidents, whereof memory kept in silence an expérimental record. Very few artists succeed in the deliueation of life without living models but no good one servilely will betray the forms they rather get hints from than actuaUy copy. Thug though 1 sketched Roger Acton from ono Robert Tunnel, -an Albury labourer, and took the cottage near Postford Pond as his home,-adding thereto Mr. Campion's park aud houseat Danney, near Hurst I was then living at Brighton as the model for Sir John Vincent'a estate,-as well as Grâce, Bon But'ke, and so on om persons 1 I had soen,-1 need not say that my sketches from nature were but outlines to my Rnished work of art. Simon Jennmgs, however, is an exact portrait of a man 1 knew at Brighton. So aiso with these taies, and others of my writings. About The Twins a curious and somewhat awk-ward coincidence happened, in the fact that my totally ideal characters of Général Tracey and his family were auppoaed to be intended for some persons whom the cap it seems fitted pretty accurately, and who then lived at the southern watering-place 1 had too diaphanously depicted as Burleigh-Singleton. It is somewhat dangerous to invent blindly. However, my total innocence of any. intentional allusion to .private matters whereof 1 was entirely ignorant was set clear at once byanexplanatory letter ànd so no harm resulted. In the case of Heart Bimilarly, I invented'the bank-ruptcy of a certain Austral Bank, which at the time of my tale's publication had no existence,-thé very name having been taken soine, years after. This is another instance of the literary perils to which imàgioative authors -may be subject for litera M~ x manet, espe-cially if in printer's ink, and,for aught I know, that offhand word might be. held a continuous libeL For all else, by way of notice, the etories apeak for them-selves as, Covetousness was the.text ibr. TheCrook of Gold, while Ooncealment and False. Witness are severally the MKM'c~6 of Thé Twins and Heart. 1 once meditated ten tales, on the Ten Commandmenta, these three being an instalment and I mentally. sketched my fourth upon Idolatry, Thé Pfior of Marrick, but nothing came of it. The Deoalogue hangs together as a whole, and cannot be cut into ten distinct subjeets without reference to one another. In thé chapter headed Thé Ènd of the HearUess, 1 find a manusoript note perhaps worth printing here If 1 had been gifted with the true prophetie power, horeaboùts should my heartless hero have stumbled on a big nugget of gold I wrote before tbe Australian gold discovery , even as the shrewd Defoe inventéd for his Robinson Crusoe in Juan Femandez, where gold bas not yet been found, though it may be. However, 1 did not origiually make the splendid guess, and will not now in a.future, edition surreptitiously interpolate such a suggestive incident, after the example of dishonest Murphy in bis prognostic of that coldest January yth. It may be true enôugh that, for my story's saké, 1 may wisb I had thought of such a not unlikely find for the uselesaness of the mere metal to a positively starv-ing man in the desert might.have furnisbed comment analogous to what was uttered by 'l'imon of Athens i and would have been picturesque enough and character-istic withal. Hère may follow a bit of notice for each tale from two critics of eminence, as copied from oue of my Archive-books, for memory is treachèrous, and 1 must not invent. Of thé Crock of Gold Mr. Ollier wrote as follows A story of extraordinary power, and, which is a still greater eulogy, of power dévoted to a great and bene-ficént purpose.. Mr. Martiti Tupper the author is already known to the world by his Proverbial Philo-sophy,' and other works whioh indicate an extraordi-narily gifted mind and an originality of conception and treatment rare indeed in thèse latter days,-but he bas never demonstrated thèse qualities to suoh perfection as in his present deeply interesting work, wherein romance is united to wisdom, and both to practical uttlity. Terror is 'there in its sternest shape-the hateful lust of go1d is shown in all its bideous deformity and inconceivable meanness, and through the awful suspense that hovers over the incidents, occasional gleams of pure and hallowed love come to humanise the darkness. This is one of the few notions conatructed to stand the shocks oftime. And-of the other talea we nnd the following from the peu of theceJebrated Mr. St. John, when he was editor of the Sunday T~M~. He speaks of thé three tales together -In every page of this work there is something which a reader would wish to beair in his memory for ever. For power of auimated description, for eloquent reilec-tions upon the events of everyday life, and for soft, touching, pathetic appeals to the best feeliugs of the heart, these tales are worthy of a place on every library table in the kingdom. They are well calculated to add to the author's already establisbed réputation. Of this trilogy of tales, undoubtedly the best is th~ Crock of Gold Thé Twins, though written from living modela, is very inferior, as thé hero is too goody-goody und the vitîain too hopelessly wicked Heart has more merit, and bas been .much praised by a cele-brated authoress for its touching chapter on Old Maids. Much of it also is autobiographioal, as with Thé Twins. ~Esop SMiTH's RIDES AND REVERIES is one of the books whicL, really written by me from beginning to end, is nominally only edited. It is a volume of aelf-experiences, to be read through the Unes,and almost every incident and character therein is drawn from living models aud actual facts. It grew naturally out of the simple circumstance that 1 used daily to ride out alone on one of my horses-more exactly, mares-Miuna and Brenda, and jotted down my cantering -fancies in prose or verse when 1 got home. Hurst Blackett were its publishers in 1858,-aud it soou was ail sold off, but did not. come to a second edition in London, though reproduced widely in New York aud Phiiadelphia. The fact is that, between an indepeudent publisher who sells a little over cost prico, and a G,ar-gantua purchaser of thousands at a time, like Smith or Mudie, the poor author is sacrificed be bas receivéd 'hia fee for the édition I got ~100 for tbis nrst and only and fbrtbwith nndB himself dismissed, while thé readiug publie is made glad by easy perusal instead of costly purohase and thus he is cheated of bis second edition. Most authors know. how their interests are affeoted wholesale by tbat modem systetnofBubscription libraries but oheapness pleaBes the voracious multitude, CHAPTER XVI. ~!SOP SMITH. and so in this compétitive free-trade era thé units who feed those devourers are swallowed up themselves. However, what must be, must,oA~ M?'o~ ~ M'a,-and 1 care not even to complain of what cannot be helped, and wins fame to the one, whilst it does good to the many, though Ruancially unprofitable to indi-vidual authorship. In the scarce copy of JEsop Smith now before me, I find a few manuscript notes of mine perhaps worth transcribing. One has it, This book is actually auto-biographical but as Rabelais did I often mix up irre-levant and extraneous matter by way of gilding pilla, c., and that c. is like one of Coke's upon Littleton, full of hints to be amplified. Further, Let readers remember that this book was writtèn and published long before recent changes in our lawa of marriage and divorce and libel also when no Englishman dared to go bearded, and no civilian was permitted to be armed. In advocaay of all these things and many more, then unheard of but now common, 1 waa in advanoe of the age and in some degree my private notions conduced to very wholesome public chauges. Again When Rabelais is di~use, or a buffoon, or worse, it may be to throw disputers off the scent as to his real mark of satire or philosophy. Perhaps, like Liguori, ~!sop has written a book- for the sake of a sentence, aud veils his true iutent in a designéd miat of aU sorts of miscellaueous matter. 1 shan't tell you olearly, but you may guéss for yourselves. The book includes a hundred and thirt.y original fables, easayottes, anecdotes, tirades, aongs, and musings, all of whioh ,throngod my brain tts I cantered aibng, nnd were set dpwn in blaok and white as soon as 1 got home. Stay some were even penoilled in the saddle,-in especial this, which became very popular afterwards, particularly in the charming musical composition thereof by Mrs. Stafford Bush, and as sung by Mr. Fox at St. James's Hall and elsewhere. It was printed in an earliest edition of my BaIIads and Poems Hall Virtue , and is headed there, Written in the saddle on the crown of my hat. I reproduce it here for thé sake of that heading, though it occurs also in my extant volume of poems without it The F~ Gallop. At llve on a dewy morning, Before the blaze of day, To be up and off on a high-mettled horse, AU oare and danger scorning, Over the MUs away,-To drink the rich sweet breath of the gorse, And bathe in the breeze of the downs.-Hal man, if you oan,-match bliss like this In ail the joya of towns 1 With glad and grateful tongue to join The lark at his matin hymn, And theaoe on faith's own wing to spring And sing with ohembim 1 To pray from a deep and tender heart. With all things praying anew, The bjh'da and the bees and the whisporing trees, And heather bedropt with dew.-To be one with those early worshippers, And pour the oarol too t Then off again with a slaekèned rein And a bounding heart within, To dash at a gallop over the plain Health'a golden ouptowint 1 Thia, this is the race for gain and graoe, Rioherthan vases and orowns i ï. And you that boast your pleasures the most Amid the steam of towns, Corne taste true bliss in a morning like this, Gallopicg over the downs 1 Among thé most notable prose pieces though it is of little use to refer my readers to a book hopelessly out of print there may be selected my panacea for Ireland, to wit, a Royal Residence thore to evoke the loyalty of a warm-hearted people,-I called my fable The Un-sucned Corner 1 mean to quota some of it in a future political page of this book. Also other papers, as Bits of Bibbon ' suggesting as just and wise the more pro-fuse distribution of honours,-in particular recommend-ing an Alfred or an Albert Order. AIso, many of my Rifle ballads,-whereof. more anon. And Thé Over-sharpened Axe applicable to modern Boardschool Educationals attd Colonel Jade's matrimonial tirades, all real life- and The Grumbling Gimlet a fable on Content, c. o. With plenty more notabilia-which those who have the book can tum to if they will. 1 could 611 many pages with the critiques pro and con this queer book has provoked, but it is usoless now that the world bas let it die. CHAPTER XVII. STEPHAN-LANGTON-ALFRED. I WBOTE Stephan Langton, a Story of the Time of King John, because, ist, 1 had littio to do in thé country adiy, 1 wished to give some special literary lift to Albury and its neighbourhood, moreparticularly as my story had a geographical connection with Surrey 3d!y, I had the run of Mr. Drummond's library, and consulted there some 300 'voluoies for my novel so it waa not an idle work though a rapid one 4tMy, I wanted to show-that though in a Popish age Englànd's heart, and especially Langton's, was Protestant, quite a précursor of Luther. As this book is extant, at Lasham's, Guildford, 1 refer my readers to it. One curions matter is that my ideal scènes, hâve taken such hold upôn my neighbourhood that streams of touriata come codstantly through Albury to visit Thé Silent Pool and other sites of scenes invented by me, andhavetherebyènriohed our village inn aud thé nymen, as well as givon to us a new sort ôf fame. Thé book, so cheap in the Guild-ford édition, was origina-Uy published by Hurst-Btapkett! m 2 vols., illustrated by Cousins that édition is very scarce now. Thé tragedy at the Silent Pool and the ~M~. are perhaps the most dràmatto scènes in thé book~ -M the Robin Hood gathering in Combe Valley is the most picturesque. I quote a few particulars from one of my diaries. This book tended to olear my brain of sundry fancies and pictures, as only the writing of another book could do that. Its seed is truly recorded in the nrst chapter as to the two stonë coffins still in the chancel of, St. Martha's. 1 began the book on November 26, t8~, and finished it in exactly eight weeks, on January 21, 1838, reading for the work included. In two months more it was printed by Hurst Blackett. I intended it for one full volume, but the publishers preferred to issue it in two scant ones it has since been reproduced by Lasham, Guildford, in one vol., at one-and-sixpence it was i4s. 1 consulted and partially read for it as 1 wanted accurate pictures of John's reign in England the histories of Tyrrell, Hollingshed, Hume, Poole, Markland, Thomson's Magna Charta, James's Philip Augustus, Milman's Latin Ohristianity, Hallam's Middie Ages, Maimbourg's Lives of the Popes, Ranke's Life of Innocent III., Maietiand on the Dark Ages, Ritson's Life of Robin Hood, Salmon's, Bray's, and Brayley's Surrey, Tupper's and Duncan's Guernsey, besides the British and National aud other Enoyclopsedias and Diotionarioa as required. It was a work of hard and quick and fervid labour, not an idle pièce of mere brain-spinning, a.nditmaybedopended on for archoeological accuracy in every datail. More than thirty localities in our beautiful oounty Surrey are painted in thé book of other parts of England twelvo ,of Franco and Italy twelve there are more than twenty historical characters honestly as I judge depicted and aome Rfteen idéal ones fairly enough invented as accessories I preferred Stephan to the commoner Stephen, for etymological and archesological reasons it is clearly nearer the Greek, and is spelt so in ancient records. KING ALFRED'S OWN PoBMS. One of the rarest of thé books 1 have written if any bibliomaniac of some future âge desires to collect them must always be KIng Alfred's Poems, now first turned iuto English mètres for the little volume was privately printed by Dr. Allen Giles, the édition being only of 250 copies, which soon vanished a few of them bearing Hall Virtue's name on a new title, and being dated 1850,-thé majority hailing from the private press aforesaid. 1 constructed it purposely for the Jubilee Edition of the Works of King Alfred, learning as well as I could by the help of Dr. Bosworth's Dictionary and a Grammar in a few weeks a little Ahglo-Saxon,-and I confess considerably assisted by Mr. Fox's prose translation of Boethius. There are thirty-one poems in ail, some boing of Alfred's own, but the major part ren-dered by thé wise king out of Latin into the language of his own people to help their teaching. I tumed it into English verse in thirty-one different metres, eaoh boing as nearly as I cduld manage iu the rhythm of thé original there were no rhymes in those days allitération was the only sort of jingle in thé judgment of Mr. Fox and somo other Anglo-Saxon critica my version was fairly close, and for thé poetica! partof my own production at least nothing is of the alipshod order ofhatfrhymes or alternate prose and verse-too ooûtmon, especially in pur hymnology-but honest double rhym-ing thrpughout. Without transcribiag thé little volume I could not give a true idea of it but here shall corne three or four samples Here is a verse of anotber 0 Thou that art Maker of heaven and earth, Who steerest the stars, and hast given them birth, For ever thou reignest upon Thy high throne, And turnest all swiftly the heavenly zone, c. Yet another Whatis a man the better, Though he be gainful getter WitheverykindweUaIlod And though for him be tillèd Again -have wings liké a bird, and more awiMy oan fly Far over thia earth to the roof of the aky, And now must I feather thy fanoies, 0 mind, To leave the mid earth and ita earthlings behind, o. And for a last word Thus quoth Alfred-' If thou growést old Andha9tnopleasure,spitoofwealandgold, Lo,Isangoheerily In my bright days,-But now all wearily Ohauntimylays,-Sorrowing tearfully, Saddest of men, Can I sing cheerfully Aslcouldthen? o. o. A man of worldly mould, Of riohest gems and gold, Of goods in ripe array, A thousand fields a day o. And goest weak,-then thank thy Lord for this, That He hath ~ent thee hitherto muoh bliss, For life and light and pleasures past away And say thou, Come and weloome, come what may. These are little bits taken casually to each of the poems 1 have added suitable comment in prose. Mr. Bohn in his well-known series bas added my verse to Mr. Fox's prose BoetMus. The AngIo-Saxon préface to that volume commences thus AI ed, King, was the translator of this book and from'book-Latin turned it into Old English, as it is now done. Awhile he put word for word awhile sense for sense. He learned this book, and translated it for his own people, and turned it into song, as it is now done. His Old English song, that is, Anglo-Saxon alliteration, is all now modernised in this curious little book of English metres. It was well praised by many critics but at present is out of thé market. When 1 am translated myself, all these old works of mine will rise again in a voluminous complete édition. The Alfred Jubilee, on that great king's thou-sandthyear, 1848, is one of thé exploits of my literary life, undertaken and accomplished by Mr. Evelyn, the brothers Brereton, Dr. Giles, and myself in thé year 1848, ohiefly at Wantage, where Alfred was born. We arranged meetings and banqueta in several places, notably Livorpool, where Mr. Bramwell Moore, the mayor, gave a great feast in commemoration, a medal was struok, thé Jubilee édition of King Alfred's works was at least begun at Dr. Oiles's private printing-press, whilst at Wantage itself 20,000 people ooUeotod om all parts for old English games, speeohes, appropriate sbhgs, such as To-day is the day of a thousand years from my pen, collections for a local school and college as a lasting mémorial, and-to please the commonalty-a gorgeous procession and an ox roasted whole, with gilded horns and ribbons,-the huge carcase turned like a hare on a gigantic spit by help of a steam-engine before a furnace of two tons of blazing coal and that ox waa consumed after a most barbarie Abyssinian iashion in the open air. My Anglo-Saxon Magazine came out strong on the occasion,-but it'is obsolète now and 1 care not to use up space in reprinting patriotic indigna-tion for lot me state that, considered as a national commemoration of the Great King, the chief founder of our liberties, this Wantage jubilee was all bat a failure the British lion slumbered, and it was flogging a dead horse to try to wake him up very iew of the magnates j'eaponded to our appeal but we did our best, neverthe-less, as independent Englishinen, and locally achieved a fairsuccess. If 1 went into the whole story with anecdotical détail, I should weary my reader lot me only reproduce my song at the grand Liverpool banquet, by way of ending cheerily. 2 e~y~'a ~otM !M ~y M'A To-day is the day of a thousand years t BIesa it, 0 brothers, with heart-thrilling oheers 1 Alfred for ever t-to-day was He bora, Day-star of England, to herald her morn, That, everywhere breaking and brightening soon, Sheds on us now the full sunshine of noon, And fuis us with blessing in Ohwoh and in State, Child-ren of Alfred, the Ctoodahd thé Great t C! oMM,-Hail to hi6 Jabilee Day, TheDayofathousandyeaM. Anglo-Saxons -in love are we me~ To honour a Name we oan never forget t Father, and Founder, and King of a race That reigns and rejoioea in every place,-Root of a tree that o'ershadows the earth,. First of a Fanuly blest from hia birth, Blest in this stem of their strength and their state, Alfred the Wise, and the Good, and the Great C~onM,-Hail to his Jubilee Day, The. Day of a thousand years 1 Ohiidren of Alfred, from every clime Your glory shall live to the déathday of Time 1 Hereafter in bliss still ever expand O'er measureless realms of the Heavenly Land 1 For you, like him, serve GoD and your Race, And gratefally look on the birthday of Grâce Then honour to Alfred 1 with heal't-stirring oheers 1 To-day is the Day of a thousand years t C! oMM,-Hail to his Jubilee Day, Thé Day of a thousand years t This song waa set to excellent music, and went well, especially in the chorus. Séveral Amerîca.Ds were of our company, in particular, Richmond, a literary friend of mine. At the dinner 1 had to make a principal speech, and my cousin Gaspard of the Artillery now General answered for the Army. UN the three-hundredth anniversary of Shakespeare at Stratford-on-Avon 1 contributed an ode, to be found in my extant book of poems. Among the notabilia of the feastings.and celebration, 1 remember howLord Hough-ton raised a great laugh by his pretendéd indignation when the glee.singers greeted the guests at dinner as Yo spotted snakes with double tongue 1 -Doubtlesa it was a Shakespearean old English piece of music,-but stupidly enough selected for a complimentary greeting. My ode was well received, but l'Il say no more of that, as it can speak for itself. Lord Leigh made us a11 very welcome at his splendid Palladian mansion, and therë 1 met Lord Carlisle, then Viceroy of Ireland, who kindly told me that as he had known my father, and knew me, and my son was then in Ireland he was a captain in thé apth Régiment , hewould put him on his staff, as a third'generation of the name. 1 am not sure if this happened, for my son soon was sent eisewhore and he bas long since gone to the Botter Land. But Lord Carlislè's kindness was all the same. At the ball 1 remember Lord Oarlisle's diamonds hanging like a string of glass chandelier drops at his buttonhole with a Shake-speare favour, and jingling perilously for obippingsas CHAPTER XVIII. SHAKESPEARE COMMEMORATION. he danced for size those hal~-dozen Eoh-i-noors must be-foolishiy-invaluable. At Stratford Ohurch, either then or some while after, 1 strangely was the meaus of saving Shakespeare's own baptismal font from destruction, as thus the church had been Il restored,t.6., all its béat patina was poliahed away and among thé improvements, I noticed a brand new font. Where is the old one ? 0 sir, the mason who. supplied the new one took it away. So I called and found this font-quite sacred in Shake-spearean eyes as where their idol had been christened-lying broken in a corner of the yard. Thon off 1 went to the rector, I think it was a Mr. Granville, expostu-lating and to make the matter short with some diffi-culty 1 got the font mended and put back again, as it certainly nover should have been removed. 1 have sinoo been to Stratford, and find that they use the new font, and have put the old one in a corner of the nave. An odd thing happened to me in the churcb, where at the vestry 1 had just signed my name as other visitors did. An Amerioan, utterly unknown to me as I to him, came eagerly up to me as I was inspecting that unsatis-factory bust and inscription about Shakespeare, and said, Corne and sea what I've found,-Martin Tupper's autograph,-he must be somewhere near, for ho bas just signed do tell, is he hère ? 1 rather thought he might be. l've wished to see him ever since 1 was a small boy. Do you know him, sir ? WeH, yes, a little. Show him to me, sir, won't you ? 1 l'dgive ten dollars for his autograph. After a word or two more, my good nature gave him the preoious signature without the dollara,-and 1 shan't oasily forget his frantio 'joy, showing the document to all around him,' whilst 1 escaped. Besides a Pindaric Ode to Shakespeare, to be found in my Misoellaneous Poems, wherein many of his char-acters are touched upon, 1 wrote the following sonnet, now out of print ~M. MM~. Went not thy spirit gladly with us then, Most genial Shakespeare -wast thou not with us Who throng'd to honour thee and love thoe thus, A few among thy subject fello~-men ? 1, Yea,-Iet me truly think it for thy heart Though now long since the free-made citizen Of brighter oities where we trust thou art Was one, in its gréât whole and every part, With human sympathies we seem to die, But verily live we grow, improve, expand, When Death transplants us to that Happier Land Therefore, sweet Shakespeare,- came thy spirit nigh, Cordial with Man, and grateful to High Heaven For all our love to thy dear memory given. TRANSLATIONS AND PAMPHLETS. THE best of my unpublished MSS. of any size or conséquence is perhaps my translation of Book Alpha of the Iliad, quite literal and in its original metre of hexameters hitherto 1 hâve failed to find a publisher kind enough to lose by it for there are already at !east twelve English versions of Homer unread, per-haps unreadable. Still, some day 1 don't despair to gain an enterprising Sosius for my literal and hexa-metrical translation is almost what Carthusians used to call Il a crib, and perhaps some day the School Board or their organ, Mr. Joseph Hughes's Praètical Teacher, may adopt my version. Its origin and history is this Rûding winter evonings in the country wearisome to my homeflock, 1 used to read to thein profusely and dis-cursively. Amongst other books, a literary daughter suggested Popo's Homër whioh, as 1 read, after a little while, 1 found to be so very ee and incorrect a transla-tion if my memory served me rightiy that 1 resolved to see what 1 could do by reading from the original Greek in its own Euglish metre. 1 soon found it quite easy to be both terse and literal and having rhythm o.nly to care for withôut the tag of rhyme, 1 soon pleased my hearers and in some sort myself, reading o6f thé réel direotlyfrom the Greekiuto the English. CHAPTEB XIX. This version is still unblotted by printer's ink if any compositor pleases he is welcomè to work on the copy whieh 1 can supply gratis only I do not promise to do more than 1 have done, Book Alpha. Life is too short for suoh literary playwork. Here followeth a sample quite literal line for line, almost word for word my translation renders Homer exactly. I choose the short bit where Thetis pleads with Jove for her irate son, because I am sure Tennyson must have had this passage in his mind when hé drew his word-picture of Vivien with Merlin. But now at length thé tweifth morn from the first had arrived and returning Came to Olympus together the glorious band of immortals, Zeus the great king at their head. And Thetis, remembering thé oravings Of her own son, and his olaims, uprose to the surface of ocean And through the air Bew swift to high heaven, asàending Olympus. There she found sitting alone on the loftiest peak of thé mountain AJl-seeing Zeus, son of Kronos, apart from the other oelestials. So she satclosely beside him, embraoing his knees with her left hand, v While with her right she handled his beard, and tenderly atroked'it, It, Whispering thus her prayer to Zeus, the great king, son of Kronos, o. o.. Let that Bumce with a coe~ct e~MM~. 1 need not say that 1 have written innumerable other translated pièces, from earliest days of séhool .exercise to thèse prosent. There is scarcely a ôJassio 1 hâve not so tamperod with and. though a poor modern Jioguist I have touched-with dictionary and other help, a few bits of Petrarch, Dante, 6. examplea whereof may be seen in my Modern Pyramid, as already mentioned. SUNDBY PAMPHLETS. My several publications .in pamphlet shape may ask for a page or two,-the chief perhaps and therefore 1 begin with it being my Il Hymn for AU Nations in thirty languages, issued at the time of the nrst great ex-hibition in jSgi, due to a letter 1 wrote to the.Bishop of London on November 22, 1850, urging suoh a universal psalm. Mr. BretteU, a printer, issûed this curiosity of typography for it has all the strange types which the Bible Sooioty could lend and several other versions than the fifty published some being duplicated are in a great volume before me, unprinted beeause neither Eugland, nor Germany, nor America could supply types for sundry out-of-the-way languages' contributed by missionaries in the four quarters of the world. My hymn was a simple psalm, so constructed as scarcely to exclude a truth, or to offend a prejudicé with special référence to thé great event of this year, aud yet so ordered tbat it oan nevor be out of season. This polyglot hymn'at thé lowest estimate is a philological curiosity 80 many minds, with such diversity in similitude rendering litërally into ail thé languages of the earth bne'plam psalm, a world-wide call to man to render thanks to God, Dr. Wesîoy and several,others contributed the musid, and the best soholars of all lands did the literature thé mère printing of so many languagoswaspl'o.nounoeda marvel in itaway and 1 hâve a bookfui of notices, pf course Jaudatory, where it was not possible to Ëud fault with so small a piece of literature. It may be well to give the hymn admission here, as the booklet is execssively searee. The title goes-A Hymn for all Nations, 185!, translated into thirty languages upwards of fifty versions . Beside this, give from mpmory a Ust of othera. of thé pamphlet sort , perhaps impprfect t. Thé Deaeofated Oharoh, relatiNgtotmcieutAl-Glorious GOD oh Thee we cal , Father, Friend, and Judge of ail Holy Saviour, heavenly King, Homage to Thy throne we bring 1 In the wonders ail around Ever is Thy Spirit found, And of each good thing we see AU the good is born of Thee 1 Thine the beauteoua skill that lurks Everywhere in Nature's worka-Thine is Art, with all its worth, Thine each masteipieoe on earth Yea,-and, foremost in the van, Springs from Thee the Mind of Man On its light, for this is Thine, Shed abroad the love divine 1 Lo, our GoD Thy ohiidren here From all realms arëgathered near, Wisely gathered, gathering still,-For 'peaoe on earth, towarde men goodwilH' May we, with fraternal mind, Bless our brothers of mankind l May we, through redeeming.love, Be the blest of OD above f bury,-whereofthis matter is remarkable lhadpro-tested against its demolition to Bishop Sumner, and used the expression in my letter that the man who was doing the wroug of changing the old churoh in his park for a new one eisewhere would lay the foundation in his nrst-born and in his youngest son set up its gâtes Josh. vi. 26 and the two sons of the lord x f the manor died in succession as seemingly was foretold.' 2. A Voice from the Cloister, whereof I have spoken before. 3. A Prophetie Ode happily hindered from prov-ing true, only because the Rine movement drove away those vultures, Louis Napoleon's hungry colonels, from our unproteoted shores. There are also in the poem some curious thoughts about the Arctio Circle, its ïnaguetio heat, and possible habitability aiso others about thought-reading and the liko ail this boing loug in advance of the'age, for that ode was published by Bosworth in 1852. Also, I antieipated then as now-To fly as a bird in the air Despot man doth dare 1 Hia humbling oumbersome body at length Light as thé lark upapriDg~, Buoyed by tamed explosive strength And steel-ribbed albatross wings 1 With plenty of other curious matter. That ode is extinot, but will revive. 4. So aJso with A Creed, c. whioh bears the imprint of SimpMn Marshall, and the date 1870. Its ohief peculiarities are summed up in thé oonoluding lines -So then, in brief, my oreed is truly tMs, Oonsoienoe is our ohief seed of woe or.blisa M God who made all things is to all thinga Love, Balanoing wrongs below by rights above Evil seemed needful that the good be shown, And Good waa swift that Evil to atone While oreatures, link'd together, eaoh with eaoh, Of one great Whole in ohangeful sequenoe teaoh, Life-presenoe everywhere sublimely vast And endiess for the future as the past. For I believe in some future life for the lower animals as well as for their unworthier lord and in the immor-tality of all creation. Some other poems and hymns also are in this pamphlet. 5. My Fifty Protestant Ballads, published.by Ridgeway, will be mentioned hereafter. 6. Ten Lettera on the Female Martyrs of the Reformation, published by the Protestant Mission. 7 and 8. Haotenus and A Thousand Lines, most whereof are in my Cithara and Misoellaneous Poems. 9. A pamphlet about Canada, and its closer union to us by dint of imperialism and honours, dated several years before these have come to pass. 10. Sundry shorter pamphlets on Rhyme, Model Colonisation, Druidism, Housohold Servants, My News-paper, Easter Island, False Schooling, c. c. Not to mention some sériai letters long ago in the Times about the Coronation, Ireland, and divers other topics. Every author writes to the Times. 11. As a matter of course 1 hâve wntten both with my name and without it according to editorial rule in many magazines and reviews, froin the Quarterly of Lockhart's time to the jRooA of this, not to coun~ numerous reviews of books ~c~MM, besides inuumerable fly-leaves, essayettes, sermonettes, c. o., in thé Roch andelsewhere. 12. I was editor for about two years of an extinct three-monthly, the ~K~~o-~co~ in one of which I wrote nine articles, as the contributions received were inappropriate. I never worked harder in my life but the magazine failed, thé chief reason being that thé monied man who kept it alive insisted upon acceptance when rejection was inevitable. 13. Some printed letters of mine on Grammar, issued in small pamphlet form at the Practical Teacher office and sundry others unpublished, oalled Talks about Science, still in MS. 14' America Revisited, a lecture, in three numbera. of Golden Hours. 15. Separate bundles of ballads in pamphlet .fbrm about Australia, New Zealand, Church Abuses, The War, c. c. Besides possibly some other like booklets forgotten. PATERPAMILIAS, GUERNSEY, MONA. WHEN î returned in the autumn of 1855 from my prin-cipal continental tour, wherein for three months 1 had conductéd my whole family of eleven servants inclu-sive ail through the usual route of French and Swias travel,-I committed my journal ta Hatchard, who forthwith published it but not to any signal success,-for it was anonymous, whioh was a mistake however, I did not care to make public by name all the daily details of my homéflock pilgrimage. The pretty little, book with its fine print of thé PMa of Gondo as a frontispiece, nevertheless made its way, and bas been inserted in Mr. Gregory's liât of guide-books as a conve-nience if not a necessity to travellers on the same roads, though in these days of little practical use indeed, wherever we stopped, I contrived to exhaust, on the spot all that was to be seen or donc, with the advan-tages of persoual inspection, and therefore of graphie and true description. Thé book has been praised for ita ih-terest and includes divers accidents, happily surmounted, divers exploits in the milder form of Alpine climbing as thé Mauvais Pas, which 1 tou,ch experimentally at the end of Life's Dessous, in Proverbial Philosophy, Séries IV. , divers grand sights, as the Great Exhibition, CHÀPTEB XX close to which we lived for some weeks in the Champs Ëlysëes, and many pleasant incidents, as greetings with friends, old and new, and other usual memorabilia. Among these let me mention the honest kindliness of Courier Pierre,-always called Pere by my children, with whom he was a great favourito-thé more readily because he bas long gone to the bourne whenco no traveller returns, so he needs no recommendation from bis late employer. This, then, 1 say is memorable. At Lucerne, as my remittance from Herries failed to reach me, I seemed obliged to make a stop and to return but Pierre objected, saying it was gréât pity not to pass the Simplon and see Milan,-and, if Monsieur would permit him, he could lend whatever was needful, and could be paid again. Certainly I said this was very kind, and ao 1 borrowed at his solioitation -it was ~100, as 1 find by the journal our travel was costing us ~o a week. 'Wo!l, to recount briefly, when, after having placed in our 'ep6f Mf6 Bellinzona, Como, Milan, c. c., I found myself at Geneva, and with remittances awaiting me, my first act was to place in Pierre's hands ~'t0~and when he counted the notes, he said, Sare, there is one five-pound too many. Of course, my worthy Pierre, 1 hope you will accept that as interost.Non, Monsieur, pardon 1 could not, 1 always bring money to help my families -and he would not. Now, if that was not a model oourier, worthy to be commemorated thus,-well, hope there are soma othera of hia brethren on the omoe-books of Bury Streot, St. James's, who are equallyduteoua and disintorested. Some people are heroes to their valets my worthy help is a hero to me so saithmy journal. Horo'a ànother extraot, after two slight earthquakes at Brieg, and Turtman Turris Magna Again a bad accident. One of our spirited'wheelers got his hind leg over the pole in going down a hill at once there was a chaos of fallen horses and entangled harness, and but for the screw machine drag looking both hind-wheels we must have been upset and smashed,-as it was, the sorambling and kicking at nrst was frightfui but Pater-familias dragged the younger children out into the road, and other help was nigh at hand, and the providential calm that comes over faUen horses after their initiatory struggle was at hand too, and in due time matters were righted that those two fiery stallions did not kick everything 'to pièces, and that all four steeds did not gallop us to destruction, was due, under Providence, to the skill and courage of our good Pierre and the patient MuscateUi.Baiiways have since superseded all this peril, and cost, and care and trains now go through the Simplon, instead of good horses, six to the heavy carriage, four to the light one, pulling us steadily and, slowly over it thus losing the splendid scenery climaxed by the Devil's Bridge but let moderns be thankful. Paterfamilias's Diary bas long been out of print, and its author is glad .that he made at the time a fuU record of thé happy past and recommends its perusal to any one who can find a copy anywhere. My friend, the late Major Hely, who claimed an Irish peerage, was very fond of this Il Diary, and thought it the best book of travels he had ever read. GUERNSEY. Guernsey is another of the spots where your author bas lived and written, though neither long nor muoh. Ho cornes, as is well known, of an anoient Sarnian family, as mentioned before. As tb any writings of mine about insular matters while sojourning there occa-sionally, they are confined to some druidical verses about certain cromlechs, a few other poems, as one given below- A Night-Sail in the Race of Alderney, and in chief that in which I Raised the Haro, which saved the most picturesque part of Castle Cornet from destruction by some artillery engineer. Here is the poem, supposing some may wish to see it especially as it does not appear in my only extant volume of poems, Gall Inglis. It occurs I think solely in Hall Virtue's extinct edition of my BaIIads and Poems, 1853, and is there headed 'Thé Clameur de Haro,' an old Norman appeal to the Sovereign, 1850 Haro, Haro à l'aide,'mon Prince 1 A loyal people calls i Bring out Duke Bollo's Norman lance To stay destruotion'a fell advanoe Against the Castle walls Haro, Haro t à l'aide, ma Beine 1 Thy duteoua children not in vain riëad for old Cornet yet again, To spare it, ere it falls 1 What shall Earl Rodolph's sturdy strength, After six hundred yearà, at length Be reckleasiy laid low ? 9 Hia grey maohioolated tower Torn down within one outraged hour By worse than Vandala' ruthless ppwer!-Haro a l'aide, Haro 1 Nine years old Cornet for the throne Against rébellion stood alone-And honoured still shall stand, When my antiquarian cousin Ferdinand, the his-torian of Sarnia and our Family Records, saw these lines, he positively made serious objection-. while generally approving them-against my saying six hundred years, whereas, according to him, it was only five hundred and ninety-three he actually wanted me to alter it, or at all events insert almost,so diSIcult is it to reconeite literal accuracy with poetical rhyme and rhythm. I seem to remember that ho wrote to the local papers about- this. However, it is some consolation to know that these heartfelt verses forced the War Office to spare Oastle Cornet the Norman appeal by Haro being a privilège of Channel.Manders to bring their grievances direct to the Queen in counoil. As 1 have coutinually the honour Monstrari digito pi-eotereuntium in the of a Fidicen, I suppose that poetries in suoh aself-record as this are not positive For heroism so sublime, A relie of the olden time, Renowned in Guernsey prose and rhyme, The glory of her land 1 Ay,-Iet your science soheme and plan With better skill than so Touch not this dear old barbioan, Nor dare to lay it low 1 On -Vazon's ill-protected bay Build and blow up, as best ye may, And do your worst to soare away Some visionary foo,-But, if in brute and blundering power You tear down Bodolph's granite tower, Defeat and scorn and shame that hour Shall whèlm you like an arrowy shover-JHarot à l'aide, Haro bores-they can always be skipped if they are-so 1 will even give hère a chéerful bit of rhyme which I jotted down at midnight on the deck of a yacht in a half-gale off Oherbourg, when going with a deputation from Guernsey to meet the French President in 1850 ~t .MJ Mt ? ! Race of ~~ ~M! Sprinkled tMok with shining studa Stretches wide the tent of heaven, Blue, begemmed with golden buds,-Oalm, and bright, and deep, and olear, Glory'a hollow hemisphere Aroh'd above these frothing Boods Right and left asunder riven, As our cutter madly souda, By the fltful breezes driven, When exultingly she sweopa Like a dolphin through the deeps, And from wave to wave she leaps Rolling in this yeasty leaven,-Ragingly that never sieeps, Like the wicked unforgiven 1 n. .Midnight, soft and fair above, Midnight, Berça and dark beneath,-Ail on high the smile of love, AU below the frown of death Wayes that whirl in angry apite With a phosphoreaoenti light Gleaming ghastly on the night,-Like thé pallid sneer of Doom, So maliciouB, cold, and white, Luring to this watery tomb, Wherà in fury and in fright WindaandwaveatogetherBght Hideousiy amid the gloom,-As our outter gladly sowds, Dipping deep her sheeted boom Madly to the boiling sea, Lighted in thèse furious fioods By that blaze of brRIia.nt studs, Glistemng down like glory-buds On thé Race of Alderney 1 A few more words as to my Sarnian literaria. Victor Hugo, when resident in Guernsey, had greatly offended my cousin the chief of our clan by stealing for his bired abode the title of our ancestral mansion, Haute Ville House and so, when I called on him, the equally offended Frenchman would not see me, though I was in-dulged with a sight of the i~o-A-i~~c wherewith he had fllled his residence, albeit deprived ofaocess to itsinmate. Hugo was not popular among the sixties at that time. Since then, Mr. Sullivan of Jersey published on his deceaae some splendid stanzas in French, whioh by request 1 versified in English so that our spirits are now manifestly en rapport. 1 wrote aiso as 1 am reminded an ode on the consé-cration of St. Anne's, Alderney, when 1 accompanied the Bishop to tbe ceremony and some memorable stanzas about the decent expediency of the Bailiff and Jurats boing robed for omcial uniform, since orna-mentally adopted but before 1 wrote they wore mean and undistinguished mufti. 1 had alao much to do on bohaïf of my friend Durham, the soulptor, in the matter of bis bronze statue to Prince Albert,-advocating it both in prose and verse, and being instrumental in getting royal permission to take a duplicata of the great work now at South Konaicgton. My cousin the Bailiff, the late Sir Stafford Carey, dated his knighthood from the inauguration of the statue, now one of the chief ornaments of St. Peter's Port,-the other boing the Victoria Tower, also a Sarnian exploit. ISLE 0F MAN. Under such a title as this, My Life as an Author, that author being chiefly known for his poetry, though he has also written plenty of prose, it is as 1 have in-deed just said not to be reasonably objected that the volume ia spotted with small poems. Still, 1 must do it, if 1 wish to illustrate by verse, or other extracts from my writings published or unprinted , certain places where thé said author bas had his temporary Ao~o~ now one of these is the laie of Man,-where I and mine made a long summer stay at Qastle Mona. The chief literary productions of mine in that modern Trinacria, whose heraldic emblem, like that of ancient Sioily, is the Threo legs of Three promontories, are some antiquarian pieces, principally one on the sepulchral mound of Orry the Dane In fifty keels and five Rushed over the pirate swarm, Hornets out of the northern hive, Hawks on the wings of the storm i Blood upon talons and beak, Blood from their helme to their heels, Blood on the hand and blood on the oheek,-In Bve and fifty keels t 0 neroe and terrible horde That shout about Orry the Dane, OIanging thé ahiold and olashing the sword To the roar of the storm-tost main t And hard on the shore they drive Ploughing through shingle and sand, And high and dry those fifty and ve Are haul'd in lino upon land. And ho for thé torch straightway, In honour of Odin and Thor,-And the blazing night is as bright as the day As a gift to the gods of war For down to the melting sand And over each flaring mast Those fifty and flve they have burnt as they stand To the tune of the surf and the blast 1 A ruthless, deaperate crowd, They trample thé shingle at Lhane, And hungry for slaughter they olamonr aloud For the Viking, for Orry the Dane 1 And swift has ho flown at the foe-For the olustering clans are here,-But light is the club and weak is the bow To the Norseman sword and spear And-woetothepatriotManx, The right overthrown by the wrong,-For the sword hews hard at the staggenng ranks, And the spear drives deep and strong And Orry the Dane stands proud King of the bloodstained field, Lifted on high by the shouldering orowd On the battered boss of his shield 1 Yet, though suoh a man of blood, So terribly Berce and tel!, King Orry the Dame had corne Mther for good, And governed the clans right well Freedom and laws and right, He sowed the good so~d all round-And built up high in the people's sight Their famons Tynwald Mound It was at Castle Mona that I first met Walter Mont-gomery, who read these very lines to gréât effect at one bf his Recitations, and thereafter produced at Manchester my play of Alfred. He was, amongst other accomplish-ments, a capital horseman, and when he galloped over the sands on hia white horse, he would jump benches with their sitters, calling out Don't stir, we shall clear you It would have required no smaU coolness and courage to have abided his charge, and though I saw him do this once, I question if he was allowed to repeat the exploit. In Douglas was also my artist-friend Corbould, visitit'g at the romantic place of his relatives the Wilsons, who had to show numerous paiutings and relies of John Martin with whom in old days 1 had pleasàut acquaint-ance at Chelsea and elsèwbere. 1 remember that ou one occasion when 1 asked him which picture of his own he considered his cAe osMM'6 1 was astonished at his reply, Sardanapalus's death,-and therein his jewels. Martin's Chelsea garden had its walls escoed by him to look like views aud avenues,-certainly effective, but rather in thé style ofGrimaldi's garden made gay by artificial nowers and Aladdin's goms, A mode Oookayne. At Bishop's Court too we had a very friendly reception from Bishop Powys, and in fact everywhere as usual your oon ssor found a cordial author'sweloomeinMona. And elders twenty and four He set for the House of Keys, And all was order from shore to shore In the fairest Isle of the Seas Though he came a destroyer, I wist He remained as a ruier to save, And yonder he sieeps in the roadside kist They oall King Orry's Grave. NEVER GIVE UP, AND SOMB OTHER BALLADS. SuNDBY of my short lyrics have gained a great popu-larity in particular Never give up, whereof there are extant-or were-no fewer than eight musical settings. Of this ballad, three stanzas, 1 have a strange story to tell. When I went to Philadelphia, on my Brat American tour in ï 851, 1 was taken everywhere to see everything amongst others to Dr. Kirkland's vast in-stitute for the insane let me first state that he was not previously told of my coming visit. When 1 went over the various wards of the convalescents, 1 noticed that on each dodr was a printed placard with my Never give up upon it in full. Naturally I thought it was doue so out of compliment. But on inquiry, Dr. Eirk-land didn't know who the author was, aud little suspected it was myself. He had seen the verses, anônymous, in a newspaper, and judging them a good moral dose of hopefulness evon for the half insane, placed thom ou every door to excellent effeot. Whon to his astonish-ment ho found the unknown author bèfore him, greatly pleased, he asked if l would allow the patients, to thank me of course I complied, and soon was surrounded by kneeling and weeping and kisaing folks, grateful for the good hope my verses had helped them to. Aud twenty-CHAPTER XXI. five years after, in 1876,1, again without notice, visited Dr. Kirkland at the same place, scarcely expecting to find him still living, and certainly not thinking that 1 should see my old ballad on the doors. But, when the happy doctor, looking not an hour older, though it waa a quarter of a century, took me round to see his con-valescents, behold.the same words greeted me m large print,~a.nd probably are there still the only change being that my name appears ail foot. 1 gave them a two hours' reading in their handsome theatre, and 1 never had a more intense!y attentive audience than those three hundred lunatics. The ballad runs thus,-if any wish to see it, as for the first time Never give up 1 it is wiser and botter Always to hope than once to despair Flihg off the load of Doubt's heavy fetter And break the dark spell of tyrannical oare Never give up 1 or the burden may aink you,-Providence kindly bas mingled the oup, And, in ail trials or troubles, bethink you Thé watchword of' life' muât be Never give up 1 Never give up 1 there are chances and changes Helping the hopeful a hundred to one, And through the chaos High Wisdom arranges Ever suocoss, if you'11 only hope on Never give upt for the wisest is boldest, Knowing that Providence mingles the oup, And of ail maxime the béat as the oldest Is the true watohword of Never give up 1 Never give up though the grapeshot may rattle Or the full thunderbolt over you burst, Stand like a rook,-and the storm or the battle Little shall harm you, though doing their worst I can quite feel what a moral tonio and spiritual stimulant thèse sentiments would be to many among the thousand patients under Dr. Kirkland's care. 1 recollect also now, that once when 1 read at Weston-super-Mare, witli Lord Cavan in the chair, a military man among the audience, on hearing me recite Never give up, came forward and shook hands, showing me out of his pocket-book a soiled newspaper cutting of the poem without my name, saying that it had cheered him all through the Orimea, and that he had aiways wished to find out the author. Of course we coalesoed right heartily. Some other suoh anecdotes might bo added, but this is enough. Year by year, for more than a dozon, I have giveaL a harvest hymu to the jubilant agrieulturists they have usuallyattained the honour of a musical Retting, and been sung all over the land in many churches. Perhaps the best of them is one for which Bishop Samuel Wil-berforce wrote to thank me cordially for a real Chris-tian hymn with thé true ring in it. There are, or were, many musical sottings thereof, the best being one of a German composer. Never give up t-if Adversity presses, Providence wisely haa mingled thé oup, And the béat oounsel in all your distresses Is the atout watchword of Never give up 1 0 Nation, Christian Nation Lift high the hymn of praise t TheGodofoursalvation la love in ail HM 'ways He blesseth us, and foedeth Every oreature of His hand, To suooour him that needeth And to gladden all the land. Bejoioe, ye happy people, And peal the ohanging ohime From every belfried steeple In symphony sublime Let cottage and let palace Be thankfui and rejoioe, And woods and hills and valleya Be-eohô thé glad voiae 1 From glen, and plain, and city Let gracions inoenserise, The Lord of life and pity Hath heard His creatares' cries And where in neroe oppression Stalk'd fever, fear, and dearth, He pours a triple blessing To ml and fatton earth 1 Gaze round in deep emotion The rich and ripened grain Is like a golden océan Sepalm'd upon thé plain Andwowholatewereweepers, Lest judgment should destroy, Now sing, because the reapera Are come again with joy t 0 praise the Hand that giveth, And giveth evermore, To every soul that Uveth Abundanoe nowing o'er 1 For every soûl Re nlleth With manna from àbove, AndoveraUdistiUeth The unotion of His loye. My Song of Seventy, published more than forty years ago, has been exceedingly popular and I here make this extraot from an early archive-book respecting it Dr. Stanley, Bishop of Norwich, waa so pleased with this said Song of Seventy' that he posted off to Hatcharda' forthwith after seeing it quoted anony-mously in the ~~CKCMMM to inquire thé author's name. It was puMished in One Thousand Lines. I composed it during a solitary walk near Hurstperpoint, Sussex, in 1845, near about when 1 wrote Never give up. Of my several ballads upon Gordon I think there were nine of them 1 will here enshrine one, printed in the newspapers of May 1884, and perhaps worthiest to be saved from eTaneecenco Then gathér, Chriatians, gather, To praise with heart and voice The gcod Almighty Father Who biddeth you rejoioe For He hath turned the sadness Of His ohiidren into mirth, And we will sing with gladnesa The harvest-home of Earth. If England had but spoken With Wellesley's lion roar, Or Bung ont Nelson's token Of duty as of yore, We should not now, too late, tpo late, Be saddened day by day, Dreading to hear of Gordon'6 fate, The viotim of delay. Hefeit in isolation 1 CM .BM KMMM tMNt,' And ev'n with savage brothers This waa half prophetio at the time, and we all have grieved for Eugland's Christian hero ever since. When Lord Shaftesbury's lamented death lately touched the national heart, I -felt as otheM did and uttered this.sentiment accordingly Grieve not for him, as those who mourn the dead He lives Ascended from that dying bed, Clad in an inoense-oloud of hunian love, And as his feet entered the golden dodr, With him new in loud blessings of the poor While in a thrilling chorus from below-Millions of ohildren, saved by him from woe, With their sweet voioes joined the seraphim Who thronged in rapturèd haste to weloome him t For God had given him graoe, and place, andpower To bless the destitute from hour to hour And from a ohild to foursoore years and four, AU knew and loy'd thé Helper of the poor, And trusted his gréât nation Right sure that help would come Could he have dreamt that British power Whioh plaoed him at Ma post, In perii's long-expeoted hour Would leave him to be lost 1 He lives alone for others,-Himself he soorns to save, Will share their bloody grave 1 Woe voe tous should England's glory, To our rulera' blame, Close gallant Gordon's wondrous story, England in thy shame. 6~0~ ~tfJ. His happy apirit met the blest above 0 ooal-pit woman.ala.ve 1 0 fadtory ohild 1 0 famished. beggar-boy with hunger wild 1 0 resoued outeast, torn from sin and shame 1 Ye know your friend-by myriads bless his name 1 We need not utter it-The Good, The Gréât, These are his titles in that Blest Estate. 1 was much toubhéd and pleased with this little anecdote to the purpose. Speaking casually to a bright-looking boy of thé ShoeMack Brigade about Lord Shaftesbury the boydidn't know me from Adam , to find out how far ho felt for his lost friend, with tears in his eyes he quoted to my astonishment part of the above, and told me that he and many of his mates knew it by heart, having.seon it in some papet. I never said who wrote it probably he wouidn't have believëd me if 1 had but left him happy with some pears. Ï'erhaps rmay here add and all this has been part of My Life as an Aùthor a couple of stànzas 1 wrote but never have published till now on another worthy~ spécimen of humanity, mourned in death by our highest T~~tto~J?. Simple, pipu~honeat.man, C!nld.of heaven wM!e aon of earth, We would praise, for.praise we oan, Thy good setyio~ thy.great worth Through long yeara of prosporéus, plaoe In the sunshine of thé Orp~n, With man's faveur and Ctod's grâce Humbly, braYe!y,.walked'Jô!ih Bro~'a. FaithfùltotheBIameIesaPrMoe, Faithial to the Widowed ~UBen, Loved,-as oft before and sinoe Truth and zeal hâve ever been,-Hisnopedigreeofpride, His no name of old renown, Yet in honour lived and died Nature's.nobleman, John Brown. Also, 1 wiU here give, as it appea.rs nowhere else, a few lines to a dying brother, for the saké of record-ing his hopeful last three words -Dear Brother .D Mt'~ Za~~ WMsper. Life unto life l' This was the wMapered word That from my dying brother's lips 1 heard .Faintly and feebly uttered, in the strife Of Nature's agony, Life-unto-life Yëa, brother for thou Hvest, death is dead, And life rejoiceth unto life instead ¡ No sins, no oares, no sofrows, and no pains,-But deep delights, unutterable gains, Now are thy portion in that higher sphere, The heritage of God's own obildren hère Who loved their Lord awhila on eai'th, and now Live to Him evermore in love-as thou 1 And in this connection 1 will print here. a psycliolo-gical poem of mine, not to be found in any other of my books -~MtO~. i. When tbe soul passes Etemity's portal, Intha tHereafterofB8ingEIaewhore, When this poor e~rthworm beoomes an Immortal, Risen to Life Incorruptible yhere If in some setnNanoo of spint and feature, StiII to be recognised one and the same, Not in its entity qnite a new créature, But. as a grpwth of thé world whenoe it pâme,-II. Oh, what a river of gladness or sadness Then must gush out from quiok memory's well, Infinite eostasy, uttermost madness, As the quiok conscience greets Heaven-or Hell t Whilst he reviews old scènes and past travels, Grained in himself and engraved on his soul, As the knit robe of his timework unravels And his whole life is unmeshed to its goal. ni. Yea, for within him, far more than without him, Works ever following, ovil or good, Happiness, misery, oiïciing about him, Plant a man's foot in the soil where he stood If he was sensual, sordid, and oruel, Sensual, cruel, and base let him be, If he have guarded his soul as a jewel, Holy and happy and blessed be he 1 ÏV. For that the seeds both of Hell and of Heaven Darnel or wheat-corn, crowd memory's mart, And though all sin be repented, forgiven, Yet.reooIIectiona must live in the heart Still resurreoted oaoh moment's each aotion Cornes up for.aonsoience to judge it again, Joy unto peaoe or remorse to distraotion, Growing to infinite pleasure or pain. v. Thy many sins were the ruin of others, Though thé ohief ainner's own guilt may be waived What 1 shall the doom of those sisters and brothers Not be a sorrow to thee that art saved 1 Can utter selflshness be Qod's Nirwana, Blest-with our brethren of blessing berefti? 1 Muet not Hia Heaven aeem poorer and vainer, Where one is taken and pthots are left ? 1 YI. Oh, there is hope in His meroy for ever-Yea, for the worst, after ages of woe, Till on this side of the uttermost Never, Even the devils His meroy may know Punished and purifled, Justice and Beason Well would rejoice if the Judge on His throne Grant His salvation to all in full season, Ruling, in bliss, all His works as His own. vu. Every oreature, redeemed and reoovered Through the One aacrince offered for ail, Where sin and death so fatally hovered, Meroy triumphant in full o'er the fall t Thus shall old memories harmonise sweetly With the grand heavenly anthem above, As this sad life that was shattered so fleetly, Then is made whole in the Infinite Love. It may count as one of my heresies in an orthodox theological sensé, but I certainly cling to the great idea of Eternal Hope and, after any amount of retributive punishment for purifying thé loat soul, 1 look for ultimate salvation to all God's creatures. This short and partial trial-soene of ours is not enough to make an end with we begin here and progress for ever else-where. Evil must die out, and good must survive alone for ever. ÂMONGt my many fly-leave.9, scattered bythousands om time to time in handbills or in newspapers all over the world, those in which 1 bave praised Protestantism and denounced the disbonesty of. ouc ecdeaiastic traitors have earned me the highest meed both of glory and shame from partisan opponents. Ever since in my boyhood, under thé ministerial teaohing of my rector, the cele-brated Hugh M'Neilè, at Albury for many years, 1 closed wifh the Eyangelical religion of the good old Low Church type, 1 have by my lifo and writings excited against me the theological hatred of High Churoh, and Broad Church, and No Church, and especially of thé Roman-izers amongst our Established clergy. Sundry religious newspapers and other periodicals, whose names 1 will not Nazonby récording, hâve systematically attacked and slandered me om early manhood to this hour, and have diligently kept up my notoriety or fame it waa atupid enough of them from their point of view by quips and oranks, as well as by more serious onslaughts, about which 1 am very pachydermatous, albeit there are pasted down in my archive-books ail the paragraphe that have reached me. But, even as in hydraulios, the barder you sorew the greater thé force, so with my combative nature, the more 1 am attaoked the more CHAPTER XXII. PROTESTANT BALLADS. obstinately 1 resist. Hence the multitude and variety of mypolemical lucubrations,-mostly of a fragmentary character as Sibylline leaves some, however, appear in my Il Ballads and Poems among them a famous Do~n with foreign priestcraft, circulated by thousands in the Midlands by an unknown enthusiast ,-and Ridgeway of Piccadilly has published in pamphlet form my Fifty Protestant Ballads and Direotorium, whieh originaUy appeared in the Daily j~6M's and The Rock. 1 hâve certainly written as many ,more, and among these one which 1 wil.1 hère reproduce as now very scareo, and Jately of somo national importance seeing that it was sent by my friend Admirai Bedford Pim to every member of the two Houses of Législature on the Bradiaugh occasion, and was stated to have turned the tide ofbattle in that celebrated case. ~ ~p~,6'o 1 So help me, God l' my, hearf at every. turn Of life's wide wildemess implores Thee still To give ail good, to resoue fromall ill, And grant me grace Thy présence to disoern. So help me, God l' I would not move a yard Without my hand in Thine to be my guide, Thy love to Ness, Thy bounty to provide, Thy fostering wing Bproad over me to guard. So help me, God ' thé motto of my life, In every varied phase 01 chance and change, So that nought happens hère of sad or strange But'peaoe' is written on eaoh frown of strife. Fot Thou dosthelp the man that honoureth Thee 1 Ày, and Thy Christian-Israël of this land That hitherto hath reoognised Thy hand, How blest above the nations still are we 1 Yet now our Senate Bohèmes to spurh aside On false pretence of liberal brotherhood The Heavenly Father of our earthly good, Beoause one atheist hath his God denied 1 What, shall this wrong be done ? Must all of us Groan under ooming judgment for the sin Of welooming avowed blasphemers in To vote with rulers.who misgovern thus 1 So help us, God 1 it shall not England's might Stands in religion praotised and profest For so alone by blessing is she blest, Christian and Protestant in life and light. To gratify an eminent friend who wished not to ex-clude Jews and Mahometans from an open profession of godiiness as they viewed the question, I altered, in subséquent reprints, the last line, Christian and Pro-testant'in life and light, to Loving and fearing God in faith and light though personally my sturdy Orangeism inclined to the original. I will in this place give a remarkable extract in a letter to me from Glad-stone, to whom my faithfulness had appealed, exhorting him, as I often have donc, to be on the right side we know how he quoted Luoretius on the wrong against which 1 wrote a strong protest in the ~MM~. I like not to show private letters,-but this is manifestly a public one. He says I thank you for your note, and I oan assure you that I believe the promoters of the Affirmation Bill to be already on thé side you wish me to take, and its opponents to be engaged in doing un-wittingly serious injury to religious belief. It is strango to see how muoh intellectual subtlety combined with interested partisanship can be self-deceived, oven in a man who believes himself and is thought by others thoroughly conscientious. Amongst other of my récent notorious ballads of thé polemic sort, 1 ought to name a. famous couple The Nun's Appeal, and Open the Convents -which were written at the request of Lord Alfred Churchill, and given to Edith O'Gorman, the Escaped Nun otherwise the excellent and eloquent Mrs. Auffray , to aid her Protestant Lectures everywhere she bas circulated them over the three kingdoms, and is now doing the like in Australia and New Zealand. In reply to some excellent members of the Romish Church, who have publicly accused me of maligning holy women and sacred retreats, my obvious answer is that 1 contend against thé ovil side both of nunneries and monkeries, whilst 1 may fairly admit some good to be found in both. My real protest is for liberty both to mind and body, and against coercion of any kind, material or spiritual. Given perfect freedom, 1 would not meddle with any one's honest convictions to a nunnery go if thou wilt only let the resolve be revocable, not a doom for over. ONE of my latest publications is that of my Il Trilogy of Plays, with twelve dramatic scènes,-issued by Allen Co., of Waterloo Place. The first of the three, AI ed, was put upon the stage at Manchester by that ill-starred genius, Walter Montgomery, who was bringing it out also at the Haymarket, a very short time before his laméntable death. He was fond of the play and splehdidiy impersonated the hero-king in the opening scène having trained his own white horse to gallop riderless acrosa the stage when Alfred was supposod to have been defeated by thé Danes. The vision in act ii. scène, i. was thrillingly eneotive, and the whole five acts went very well from begihning to end, the audience being preternaturally quiet,which disoonoortod me until my theatrioal mentor praised the silence of that vast èrowd, as the best possible sign of sucoess they were held enthralled as one man till the end came, and then came thunder. Not thiuking of what was expeoted of me in thé way of thanks for the ovation their concluding cheers assailed me with, I got out of the theatre aa quick as I could, and was haïf way to my hotel when two or threo~exoited supers rushed after me with a Good God, Mr. Tupper, come back, come back, or the place will be torn downt so of CHAPTER XXIII. PLAYS. course I hurried to the front-to encounter a tumult of applause althôugh 1 must hâve looked rather ridiculous too, orossing tho stage in my American cloak and brandishing an umbrella 1 However, no one but myself seemed to notice the incongruity, and as 1 had humbly obeyed the people's will, they gonerousiy con-doned my first transgression. I ought to record that my heroine Bertha was charmingly acted by Miss Henrietta Hodgson, now Mrs. Labouchere, who will quite recollect'her early triumph in Martin Tupper's first play. My best compliments and kindly remem-brance 1 hère venture to'offer to her. The second play, Baleigh, is very diSërëntIy con-structed for whereas the time of action ih Alfred was three days,-that of Raleigh was sixty years in fact with the former I ,dramatised a single conquest, with thé latter the varied battles of a long life. I hâve several times read ail my plays before audiences at my readings, and know thé points that tell. In Raleigh tho introduction o~ Shakespeare, the cloak incident, tho trial, scène, Eliza~eth's doath, and thé terrible climax of the 'noble victim'a exécution on the stage, seemed chiefly to intérest and excite the audience. 1 wroto Washington prinoipal!y to please my. many 'friends in America, whither 1 was going for'a second time but it rather damped me to nnd~ when at Philadelphia during its Grand Exhibition, and waa giving Beadings out of my own Works throughtha Star Company, that my eM~6pMM6M~'BtbutIy objected to my proposal to read this new playof mine,with thé remark, No, sir, our people rare tired of Geôrge Washington,-he'sqmtoplayodout give us anything eise of yours you like. As he was my finanoial pro-vider, and paid well, of course 1 had'to acquiesce. Perhaps the most interesting thing in the play was the account of my discovery of Washington's heraldry hère is part of the passage the whole being too long to quote one asks' Ooat-of-anna ?-what waa this coat-of-arms and Franklin answers,-l'UteUyou.Menda, l've searched it eut and known it for myself, When late in England there, at Herald's Oollege And found the Washingtons of Wessyngton In county Durham and of Sulgrave Manor, County Northampton, bore upon their shield Three stars atop, two stnpes aoross the field Gules-that is red-on white, and for the orest An eagle's head upspringing to the light, It's motto, Latin, Issue proveth aots. The architraves at Sulgrave testify, And sundry painted windows in the hall At Wessyngton, this was their fanuly ooat. They took it to their new Virginum home And at Mount Yemon I myself have noted An old cast-iron soutohëoned ohimney-tack Oharged with that heraldry. In my first American Journal will be fouud more, about this disoovery of mine-in 1851-then quite new even to Americana. Here in London, Mr. TuSey of Chelsea and Northampton bas popularised the original coat-of-arms with a view to ornamental jewellery for our Transa.tlantiic coasins. Among my twelve dramatic scènes, the most ap-propriate to mention in thie volume of peraonalia, are the two which détail certain periloua matters aneoting the. lives of two anoient anoestora~ the one on my mother's aide, the other on my father's. The latter records the historie incident whereby John Tupper saved the Channel Islands for William and Mary re-ceiving from them a gold oollar and medal, now in our heraldry and enabling Admirai Russell to win hia naval victory at La Hogue, The former shows how nearly an Arthur Devis at Preston paid the penalty of death owing .to his strange resemblance to Charles Edward the Young Pretender, for whom the savage Government of the time offered a reward of ~30,000 to any one who could catch him alive or dead. My mother's ancestor was thus very nearly murdered in !74 for his good looks, as a life-sized portrait at Albury, and an ivory miniature here at Norwood, help to prove. If any wish to know more about these matters, 1 dare say that Messrs. Allen aforesaid have one copy left if not, con-sult Mudie, that virtuous philanthropist who benefits thé reading public at the cost of the private author. CHAPTERXXIV. ANTIQUARIANA. Mv most literary autiquarianism was an article 1 wrote for the Quarterly Review on Coins, accepted by Look-hart and inserted in one of the Nos. for 1843 he protested that I could not be the Proverbial Philoso-pher, as my looks were too likeDa.vid's.-itmust be my father.No, I replied, it is my father's son. However, when he read and approved my Coin article, he began' to be convinced. 1 give here his letter to me on his aoceptance -SiR,-1 am at present terribly overburdened with MSS., and know not whether 1 can aend a proof of your paper for some weeks but I like it much, and it shall bo put into type as soon as I oan manage. 1 assure you 1 am greatly pleased, and sincerely your obliged J. G. LOOKHART. SnBSBX PLAOB, .MfMfM'y 16, t843. 1 expostulated with him as to divers omissions for space' sake, and for some unauthorised alterations but editors are nothing if not autocratie, as we ail know. My article I find it noted was written on the numis-matio works of Cardwell and of Akerman, and took me ton days in its composition. I tried Lookhart with a second article on Ancient Gems, but it failed to please.. I never had an interview with him but once, and then he seemed to me brusque and cynical at Rrst, warming a little afterwards. 1 have written also on Druidism and the mystery ofEaster Island, which I take to be the remains of a submerged Paoinc continent with its deified statues on the top of an extinct volcano. And 1 have flung my peu into many other M~s of discussion both old and new for it may be stated as a. feature in my literary life that 1 have bad, one after another, all the ologies on my brain, and have personally made small collections of minerais, fossils, insects, and the like spécial hobbies having been agates picked up in my rambles on every beaoh from Yarmouth to Sid-mouth, and coins at Roman stations wherever I found them besides a host of numismatio treasures bought at Sotheby's auction-room, but long since sold again, as well as sundry Egyptian and other antiquities. In particular, the Roman discoveries at Farley Heath in the neighbourhood of Albury wore mainly due to my juvénile antiquarianism, when as a student along with Harold Browne now Bishop of Winchester we used to soarch for coins there, and found one happy day a GaIIienus ail which 1 recorded years after in a now scarce booklet, Farley Heath, and its Roman Remains, p.ublisbed, with illustrations, by Andrews, 'Guildford. Ultimately the nnds of coin from Nero to Honoriua , some being rare and nuoly patinated, as wéll as several small bronzes, and old British money, were given by Mr. Drummond who as lord of thé manor employed labourers in the searoh for many months to the British Muséum, where they fill a niche near thé prehistorio room. Some of our nnds were very ourious, e. we were digging in the blick mould of the burrit o buts round thé wall-foundation.3 all above ground of said hectagonal wall having since been ruthlessiy utilised by parochial economists in making a road across the heath , and found amongst other spoil a little green bronze ring,-whieh 1 placed on the finger of our guest of the day, Mrs. Barclay of Bury Hill oddly enough it had six angles exactly like one of gold she wore as her wedding-guard. Again we had picked up some pieces of pottery decorated with human ncger-tips,-just as, modern cooks do with pie-crust a son of mine said, perhaps we shall find a dog's foot on some tile,-and just as he said it, up came from the spàde precisely what he was guessing at, the large foot-print of dog or wolf stamped fifteen centuries ago on the unbaked clay. Again I was leaving for an hour a labourer in whose industry and honesty I had not the fullest faith. So in order to employ him in my absence, I set him to dig up an old thorn bush and told him to give me when I returned the piece of money he would find under it. To my concealed but his own manifest aetonishment, he gave me when I came back a worn large brasa of Nero, saying with a scared face, How-ever could you teU it was there, sir 1 looked wis.e, and said'nothing. Among the rarest copper coins was one ofCarausius our English Carew , with two heads on it symbolling thé ambition of our native usurper to assert em-pire over East as well as West, and among more treasure-trove was a unique gold coin of Veric,-thé Berious of Taoitus as also the rare contents of a sub, terranean potter's oven, preserved to our day, and yield-ing several whole vases. Mr. Akerman of numismatic, fame told methat out of Rome itself he did not know a richér site for old-world curiosities than Farley in the course of years we found more than 1200 coins, besides Samian ware, and plenty of common pottery, as well as bronze ornaments, enamelled nbulse, weapons of war, household implements, c., both of the old British and the Roman, the AngJo-Saxon, and more recent periods Farley haviugbeen a preetorian station on the Ikenild highway. This is quite a relevant episode of my literary antiquariana. As also is another respecting My Mummy Wheat, a record of which found its way into print and made a stir many years ago. It grew from seeds given to me by Mr. Pettigrew out of an Amenti vase taken from a mummy pit by Sir Gardiner Wilkin-son, and very carefully resuscitated by myself in garden-pots niled with well-sifted mould at Albury it proved to be a new and prolino species of -the semi-bearded Talaverakind, aud a longest ear of 8~ inohes in length engraved in an agricultural journal was sent by me to Prince Albert, then a zealous British farmer. Hère I will add a very interesting letter to me on thé subject from Faraday, the original being pasted among my autographs, It will be seen that he excuses having published my letter to him, and refuses to be called Doctor ROYAL INSTITUTION, jMtMtt.lS~a. My DEAR SiB,-Your note was a very pleasant eyent in my day of yesterday, and 1 thank you heartily for it, and rejoioe with you at thé suooesa of the orop. It so happened that yesterday evening waa the last of our meetings, and 1 had to speak in the looture-rootu. Thé subject waa Lithotint but 1 plaoed thé one ear in the library under a glass case and after my first subjeot was over read the principal part.of your letter-ali that related to thé wheat and the information was received with great interest by about yoo persons. Our President, Lord Prudhoe, was in the chair, and greatly desirous of knowing the age of the wheat. You know he is learned in Egyptian matters, and was anxious about the label or inscription accompanying the corn. I hope I hâve not done wrong, but I ratber fear your letter will be pub-lished, or at least the wheat part, for a gentleman asked me whether he might copy it, and I instantly gave him leave, but found that he was connected with the press, the Literary ?oM!cMe. 1 hope you will not object since without thought on my part the matter bas gone thus far. The news is so good and valuable that I do not wonder at the desire to have it,-Ever your obliged servant, M. FARADAY. M. F. TuppBB.Esq., c. o. e. jP.'S'Iam happy to say that 1 am pla.in Mr. Faraday, and if 1 have my wish shall keep so.-M. F. An early volume of my so-called Critica Egotistica bas many letters and printed communications on this subjoot but as not being a recognised agriculturist my-self, 1 did not wish it called by my name,-so it is oniy kuown in the markets cbieny 1 hâve heard in Essex as Mummy Wheat. Taïkiug of declined honours in nomenclature, I mày here mention that a new beetle, found by Vernon Wollaston and urged by him to be named after the utterly unsharded me who had how-ever gratified that distinguished entomologist by my poem on Beetles was respectfully refused the prefix of my name, as scarcely knowing a lepidopt from a ooJeopt. Ne SM of ultra o~~w. If honour is to be given, let it be deserved. CHAPTER XXV. HONOURS-INVENTIONS. AuTHORSHiP reaps honour in these latter days quite as much as it did in the classic times of Augustns with Virgil and Horace for his intimates, and of Petrarch crowned at the Capitol laureate of all Italy during thé vacancy of a popedom in the Vatican. Not but that, with or without any titular distinction, authorship is practically the most noticeable rank amongst us. Many will pass by a duke who would have stopped and waited to have looked at a Darwin when he was in this lower sphère and I am quite sure that the grand présence of Alfred Tennyson would attract more affectionate hom-age than that of any other ennobled magnate in the land. As to his title, I was glad that his good taste and wisdom elected to be called by his own honourable patronymic rather than haply Farringford or Hazlemere how can great names consent to be eclipsed in such obscure signatures as Wantage or Esher, Hindlip or Glossop, Dalling or Grhnsthorpo ? One geta quite at a loss to know who's who. My letter to the Times of December 10, !883, headed Literary Honours, in praise of Tennyson's elevation to the House of Lords, and showing how in every age all nations except our own have given honours to authors, literally from China to Peru, elioited plenty both of approval and of censure from journal of many denominations. As a matter inévitable when Baron Tennyson was gazëtted, the less euphonious Tupper was stigmatised in the papers as desiring to be a Baron too, -at all events, the Echo said so, and the Globe good-humouredly observed that he deserved thé coronet. They little knew that in the summer of 1863 as para-graphs in my tenth volume of Archives are now before me to show the same derided scribe was seri-ously announced as about to be raised to thé peer-age ail over England and America see two available and respectable proofs in the British Controversialist Hpulston Wright for July 1863, p. 79,-and Bry-ant's Evening Post for September 17, 1863. I name these, as the reverse of comio papers,-and publishing what they supposed true, as in fact was told me by the editors when inquired of. At the time I repudiated the false rumour openly~-with all the greater readiness, inasmuch as 1 dispute both thé justice of hereditary honour and thé wisdom of hereditary législation to say less of thé angusta e~oMt which, in our Mam-monite time and clime, obliges money to support rank, oven if, as in sundry late cases of raising to thé peerage, it does not purchase it. It is fair also to state as a iaot, that when. my father for thé second time refused hie baronetcy, I, as eldest son, gave thé oasting vote against myself, not to im-poverish my four younger brothers.-all now gone before me to the botter world,-and that, for reasons 'mentioned above, I certainly could,not take it nov. Let this sumoe as myreply'tosome recent sneers and strictures. As for letters of the alphabet attached to one's name, almost any one nowadays may have any amount of them by paying fées or subsoriptions in partioular, America has given me many honorary diplomas. And for the matter'of gold medals, who can'covet them, when oven the creators of baking-powder and sewing-machines are surfeited therewith. My poor Prussian medal looks small in comparison. And then, as for knighthood, that ancient honour bas been lately so abused that vanity itself could scarcely desire it, and even modesty now might hesitate in its acceptance. Albeit 1 have thus spoken only incidentally and with soeming carelessness about 'my Prussian medal, I am reminded that it will interest readers if I here extract thé Chevalier BUnsen's letter to me on the occasion. le runs thus in its integrity 4 CABMON TBMAOB, 26 iStp~ttef t844. MY DEAR SiR,-1 owe you many apologies for not having answered earlier your letter of tbe 2d of August. The fact is that since that time have been travelling all over England with the 'Prince of Pruasia. As to your work, 1 laid it myself before the King, who perused it with great pleasure, when 1 was at Berlin. I am now charged by His Majesty not only to express to you his thanks for having thought of him in sehding him a book replete with ao muoh Christian wisdom and expérience, but also to present to you, in his Royal name, the gold medal for science and literature, as a partioular sign of regard. The medal will be delivered to you, or a person authorised by you, at the office of the Prussian Légation, any morning from 11 to i o'olook, Sunday of course excepted. AIlow me to avail myself of this opportunité to renew to you my own thanks and the expression of my high regard, and believe me, yours 6ihcere!y, M. F. TUFFBB, Esq. BUNSEN. Il M. F~ TuPPIiIR, EBCi. AccordingIy, I called. myself and received the medal from the Chevalier, with whom afterwards I had half an-hour'a talk, chieny about German history, in which by good fortune 1 was fairly posted, perhaps with a prescience that the ambassador might allude to it. An author, if he be a good man and a clever, worthy of his high vocation, already.walks self-ennobled, ciroled by an aureola of spiritual glory such as no king can give, nor even all-devouring time, e~ rerum, can take away. He really gains nothing by a title-no, not evon Tennyson as in the next world, so in this, his works do follow him, and the Well done, good and faithfui from this lower world which he bas served is but the prelude of his welcome to tbat higher world wherein he hears thé same good and faithful from thé mouth of his Redeemer. INVENTIONS. It may be worth a page if I record here sundry inventions of mine, surely bits of authorship, which 1 found out for myself but did'not patent, though others did. As thus i. A simple and cheap safety horse-shoe.-seoured by steel studs inserted'into thé prdinary soft iron shoes. 2. GJasssorew-topstobottIes. 3~ Steam-vessels with the wheels inside in faet, a double boat or catamaran, with the maohinery amid-ahips. 4. The introduction of coca-leaf to allay hunger, and to be as useful hère as in Chili. 5. A pen to carry its own ink. 6. The colouring of photographs on the back. 7. Combined vulcanite and steel sheathing. There were also some other small matters wherein authorial energybusied itself. But althougb 1 had models made of some, and wrote about others, no good re-sults accrued to me. i. As for the hbrse-shoes, black-smiths did not want to lose custom by steel' saving the iron. 2. For the glass-stoppers, I had against me all the cork trade, and the wine-merchants too, who recork old wines. 3. The steamers were never tried on a large scale, and models are pronounced deceptive. Thé coca loses most of its virtues when in a dried state. 5. The pen I had it made in silver, long hollow handie ending with a conical point either grew clogged if the ink was too thick, or emitted blots' when too thin. 6. Au establishment. in Leicester Square bas since .8 worked on this idea. 7. 1 also troubled the Ordnance ,Office, and had an interview with Sidney Herbert about two more futile inventions one a composite cannon missile of quoits tied tôgether another of a thick vul-canite sheathing for ships, over eithér wôod or iron.' I have letters on these to and from the office. Briefly, I did not gain fortune as an inventor though I urged my horse-shoe at least as a valuable thought, and one worth a trial, to save our poor horses on asphalte pave-ments and in hard frosts. It is a losing game to attempt to force an invention so many vestod interests oppose, and ao many are the oompetttors moreo ver, some oné always rushes into the pool' of Bethesda before you. I thought also that there might as well be essenoe of tea, as well as of coSee but nothing came of it. Also amongst other of my addled egga of invention, 1 may mention that in my chemistry days as a youth 1 suggested to a scientific neighbour, Dr. Eerrison, that g ass might be rendered lésa fragile by being mixed in the casting with some chemical compound of lead,-much as now has come out in the patent toughened glass. Also we initiated mild experiments about an imitation of volcanic forces in melting pounded stone into moulds,-as recently done by Mr. Lindsay Bucknall with slag -but unluckily we found that the manufac-ture of basait was beyond our small furnace power 1 fancied that apparently carved pinnacles and gurgoyles might be cast in stone and though beyond Dr. Kerrison and.myself, perhaps it may still be done by the hot-blast melting up crushed granite. Among these small matters of an author's natural inventiveness, I will preserve here a few of the literary class 6.g., i. I claim to hâve diseovered the etymology 'of Punch, which Mark Antony Lower in his Patrony-mica says is a name the origin of which is in total obscurity. Now, I found it out thus,-when at Haver-fordwest in 1858 1 saw over.the maritel of the hosteiry, perhaps there still, a map of thé Roman earthwork called loeally Punch Castio and considering how that the neighbouring hills are named Preoelly Procella, storm as often drawing down the rain-clouds.-that Caer Léon is Oastrum Legionis, and that there is a Roman bridge over the little river thoro still styled Ultra Pontem-I decided at once that Pontii OasteUum was thé true name for Punch Castle. Of course, Pontius Pilate and Judas appear in the modioval puppet-plays as Punch and Judy,-while Toby refers to Tobit's dog, in a happy confusion of names and dates. The Pontius of the Castle was Proetor of the Second Legion. 2. Similarly, I found out the origin of Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, c., to refer to the death of William the Conqueror Z'AoMMe qui d!oKtp e , who was ruptured in leaping a burnt wall at Rouen being very stout,lie had a great fall, and burst asunder like Iscariot, while ail thé king's horses and ail the king's men couldn't set Humpty Dumpty up agaiu. We must remember that the wise Fools of those days dared not call magnates by their real names,-nor utter facts openly so accordingly 3 they turned Edward Long-shauks into Daddy Longlegs,and ~ sang about King John's raid upon the monks, and the consequent famine to the poor, in Four and twenty blaokbirds baked in a pie, o.thé key to this interpretation being a dainty dish to set before the king, John being a notorious glutton. My friends at Ledbury Manor, where there is a gallery full of my uncle Arthur's Indian pictures, will remember how 1 expounded all this to them some years ago. In this connection of literary discovery, let me hère give my exposition of the mystic number in Révélations, 666,-which, more meo, 1 printed thus on a very scarce fly-leaf, as.one of my Protestant Ballads not in any book Hère ia wiadom-Let him that hath understanding oount the number of the Beast-for it is the number of a Man-and his number is six hundred threesoore and six.Rev. xiii. 18. Oount up the aum of Greek numeral letters Kakoi Episkopoi -biahops all ill Strangely 1 note .that those mystioal fetters Bihd in their number this mystery still-Six hundred threesoore and six is the total, Spelling the number and name of a man, Ohief of bad bishops and lies sacerdotal, That of all wiokedness stands in the van. Antichrist t what ? can a feeble old creature, Pope though they style him, be rank'd in his place As the Goliath in fashion and feature Warring gigantio with God and His grâce Is he so great-to be dreaded, abhorrèd, Single antagonist, braving God's wrath, Bearing foul Babylon's seal on his forehead, Ohosen Triumvir with Sin and with Death f Yea the presumption of priestly succession Make the all one a whole Popedom of Time, So that eaoh head for his hour of possession Wears the tiara of ages of crime Rome is infallible, Rome is eternal, Rome is unohangeable, cruel, and strong, Leagued with the legions of darkness infernal, Orushing all right and Upholding all wrong. NOTE.-The value of the Greek letters, as numéros, in'thé two words above, is as follows -The three kappas 6o the three omiorons 2io, thé three iotas 30, thé two pis i6o, the one sigma 20 , the one epsilon 5, and the one alpha i. in all exaotiy making 666. This is a private interpretation of the writer's own discovery, not to be found eisewhere, and quite as convinoing as Lateinos and the inscription on St Péter s. My friend Evelyn contributed to the perfection of thé discovery. It waa he who suggested Kakoi to Episcopoi, to make up the number. There are also some who say that our ecoentrio PMmier's name suma up ominoualy to the same three sixes. CHAPTER XXVI. COURTLY AND MUSICAL. My several royal poems, some twenty in number, may deserve a short and special notice though it is far from my intention to detail any gracious condescensions of a private nature. 1 may however state, as a curiosity of literature,that the 35th ofmy Three Hundred Sonnets, publisbed by Virtue in 1860, is headed India's Empress, written certainly twenty years before such a title was thought of, even by Lord Beaconsôeld in his pupa phase of D'Israeli. As very few have the volume, long out of print, 1 will here produce that fortunaté propheoy thé way chaotic ia the Sepoy Mutiny Our Empress Queen -Viotori~'s name of glory Added aâ England's grace to Hindostan 0 climax to this age's wondrous story, Full of new hope to India, and to Man In heathendom's dark places 1 For the light Of our Jerusalem shall now shine there Brighter than ever sinoe the world began Yet by a way ohaotio, drear and gory Travelled this blessing as a martyr might Wrestling to heaven through tortures unaware Our Empresa Queen for thee thy people's pray'r Ail round the globe to God asoends united, That He may strengthen thee no guilt to spai'e Nor leave one aot of goodnesa unrequtted. Another suoh ouriosity of literature may this be considered namely, that the same versifier who in his youth fifty years ago saw the coronation from a gallery seat in Westminster Abbey, overlooking the central space, and wrote a well-known ode on the occasion, to be found in his Miscellaneous Poems, is still in full force and loyalty, and ready to supply one for his Queen's jubilee, -whereof words for musio will be found anon. Human life bas not many such completed cycles to celebrate, albeit 1 have lately had a golden wedding alas in a short month after, closed by the good wife's sudden death So soon trod sorrow on the heols of joy But I will not speak of that affliction here and now my présent errand is more cheerful. With reference, tben, to the many verses of mine which 1 have reason to hope are honoured by preservation in royal albums, I wish only to say that if some few have appeared among my other poetries in print, they shalinotbe repeated here though I may record that whatever I have sent from time to time have been gra. ciousiy acknowledged, and that I hâve herefofore met with palatial welcomes. Perhaps 1 may say'a word or two about my having for the best part of half a cèntury occasionally made my duteous bow at Court which I thought it right to do whenever some pootic offering of mine had been received i in particular at the Princess Royal's marriage, when Prince Albert specially invited me to Buckingham Palace, presenting me kindly to the heir of Prussia, and bidding, Wales come and shake hands with Mr. Tupper my genial Prince will recollect it andabove all adding thé honour of personal conversation with Her Majesty. Of thèse thus brieny aLso I might record bht 1 forbear similar condescensions at Frogmore as also with reference to my little Masques of the Seasons, and the Nations-wherein Corbould was pictorially so efficient, and Miss Hildyard so helpful in the cos-tumes-both at Osborne and at Windsor. In gracious recognition of these Her Majesty gave me Winter-halter's engravings of all the royal children, now at Albury, as well as some gifts to my daughters. The Masques will be found among my published poems. At Court 1 frequently met Lord Houghton, known to me in ancient days as Monckton Milnes and I remem-ber that we especially came together from sympathy as to critical castigation, ~~OM~oo~ or some other Scotch reviewer having fallen foul of both of us, then young poets and therefore to be hounded down by Professor Wilson , in an article pasted in an early volume of Archives, spitefully disparaging Farquhar Tupper and Monekton Milnes. Until thèse days every one wore the antiquated Queen Anne Court suit, now superseded by modern garments, perhaps more convenient but certainly not so pioturesque. Bagwig and Rowered waistcoat, and hanging cast-steel rapier, and silken calves and buckled shoes,-and above all the abundant real point lace upon which Lord Houghton more than once has commented with me as to the comparative superiority of his or mine,-both being of ancestral dinginess, and only to be washed in conee -thèse are ill exchanged for boots and trousers and straight black sword, and everything of grace and beauty diligently tailored away. When 1 last attended at St. James's in honour of Prince Albert Victor'a first réception, I was, among twelve huhdred, one of oniy three units who paid our respects in the stately iashidhs of Good Queen Anne and I was glad to be compli-mented on my social courage as almost alone in those antiquated garments, and on my profusion of snow-white hair so suitably suggestive of the powdered poIlB of our ancestors. 1 remember my fathër in powder. On this last occasion it was, as 1 hâve said, especially to pay my respects to the young Prince at his first ~e~e.' both he and his father with great kindness cordially shaking handa with the author of the follow-ing stanzas. The young Prince atood between his father and his kinsman, the Duke of Cambridge. Albert Victor words of blessing Bright with omens of the best, Truly one such names possessing ShaII be throned among the blest Albert,-sainted now and glorious, Long time in bis heavenly rest, Victor,-everyway victorioua Like our Empresa east and west 1 Prince t to-da.y the Court bears witnesa How, thy Royal Sire besidé, With due graoiousness and fitness, Dignity devoid of pride, Thou thy gallant kinsman near thee Dost with homage far and wide, And the praise of ail to oheer thee, Humbly meet that glittering tide 1 Prince, aooept an old man's greeting, Now some threesoore and fifteen, Who oan testify how neeting Life and ail its joya hâve been 1 have known thy' Grandsire's favour, And thy Parents grâce hâve seen And I note the same sweet savour In the Grandson of my Queen Il As this is the Jubilee year, and I may not live to its completion,-for who can depend upon an hour?-! will here produce what has just occurred to my pat-riotism as a suitable ode on the great occasion. If short, it is ail the better for music, and 1 humbly recom-mend its adoption as libretto to some chief musical composer. FM 0~'S .T~M~! for ~ MM. ~Of~M-Rejoice, 0 Land 1 Imperial Realm, rejoice 1 Wherever round the world Our standard floats unfurl'd, Let every heart exult in musio's voice 1 Be glad, 0 grateful England, Triumphant shout and sing, Land 1 As from eaoh belfried steeple The olanging joy-bells sound, Let all our happy people The wandering world around, Rèjoioe with the joy this jubilee brings, Oiroling the globe as with seraphim wings t n. ~fÏttOfyMtM. Lo, the wondrous story, Praise ail praise above 1 Fifty years of glory, Fifty years of love t Ohaatened by muoh sadness, Mid the dark of death, But illuined with gladness By the sun of faith What a life, 0 Nations, What a reign ia aoen In the oonatimmationa Orowning Britain's Qtieen m. .FtM~ C~MMA . Riches of Earth, and Grâces of Heaven, God in His love hath abundantly given, More by a year than seven times seven, Blessing our Empress, the Queen 1 Secrets of Soienoe, and marvels of Art, Health of the home, and wealth of the mart, All that is best for the mind and the heart, Crowded around her are seen. Honour, Religion, and Plenty are hers, Peace, and all heavenly messengers, While loyalty every spirit upstirs To shout aloud, God save the Queen Hère the words end, as brevity is wisdom. But the music, as a majestic finale, might include touches of Rule Britannia, Luther's Hymn, and the National Anthem. 1 have asked my friend Mr. Manns if ha will set my words to music, but his modesty declines, as he pro-fesses to be mainly a conductor rather than a composer ahd he recommends me to apply to some more famous musician, as perhaps Sullivan, or Màcfarren, or haply Count Gleichen. Ail 1 can say is, nothing would bo more gratif~mg to my muse than for either of those' great names to adapt my poetry to his melody. Suitably enough, 1 may hère inserti a page as to my own musical idiosyncrasy as a bit of author-life. Keble is said to have had no. ear for a tune, however perfect as to rhyme and rhythm and there are those who suppose my tympanum fo be Bimilarly defioient, though 1 porsistently dispute it. Living when at Norwood within constant free hearing pf the best musio in the world, at the Crystal Palace, I ought to be musical, if not always so accredited but 1 do penitentially con-fess to occasional weariness in over long repeated sym-phonies, where the sweet little motif is always trying to get out but is cruelly driven back,-in tbe endlessness of fugues, and what seems to my offended ear the use-less waste of tone and power in extrême instrumenta-tion, and in divers other disinclinings I cannot but acknowledge as to what is called classical music. Ac-cordingly, no one can accuse me of being ~ eMM~co per la musica albeit 1 am transported too by for ex-ample Handel's largo in G, by the Prayer in Mosé in Egitto, the Lost Chord, Rossini's Tell, Weber's Freis-chutz and Oberon, Tannhauser, Semiramide, and ail manner of marches, choruses, ballads, and national airs. In fact, 1 really do like music,. especially if tune-ful and melodious, in spite of Wagner's apothegm, but some symphonies might be botter if curtailed,-except only Schubert's,-but then his best is the Unfinished, and so the shortest. In my youth 1 learnt the double flageolet, and could play it fairly. AU this wherein 1 am but the honest spokesman for many who do not like to confess as much is introduc-tory in my authorial oapacity to this short poom, not long since. pencilled in the concert-room and given to Mr. Manns as soon as clearly written. I iusert it here very muoh to give pleasure to one who so continually ministers to thé pleasuré of thousands and I hope sonie day soon to greet him Sir August, as ho well deserves a knighthood. À ~MM ZMMM. Marvelloua orohestra concert of heaven, Mingling more notes than the musical seven, Harmonious discorda of treble and base In strange oombinations of guilt and'of graoe-0 whose is the ear that oan hear you aright, And note the dark providence mixt with the light 1 Where, where is thé oye that is swift to disoern This lesson in musio the dull ear should learn,-That ail, from the seraphim harping on high Down, down to the lowest, fit chords oan supply To the poean of praises in every tone, With thunders and melodies circling the Throne t We are eaoh a Mef note in that wonderful hymn, And to us its Oneness is hazy and dim We hear the few sounds from the viol we play, But ail the full chorus Boats far and away Our poor little pipe of an instant is drown'd In the glorious rush of that océan of-sound The player hears nothing beyond his own bars, Whilst all that grand symphony reaohes the stars Yet, though our piping seems but little worth It adds to the Anthem Création pours forth, And, whether we know it or not, we oan give Not a note more or less in the life, that we live. Ah me we are nothing-or little at best-But duty with greatness the least oan invest One note on the nuto or the trumpet may seem A poor petty work for ambition's fond dream,-But what if that note be a need-be to blend And quioken the score from beginning to end 1 To show forth the mind of thé Master,'who guides With b,aton unerring Time's mixture of tides, Thé good with the evil, the blessiug and bane, The Amazon ruehing far into the main Until, from this skiU'd oombination of notes, Round earth to the heavens His overture noats l A PAGE or two about my connection with the Royal Society may have some émail interest. When my father who had long been a Fellow died in 1844,1 1 wished to give to the Society his marble bust by Behnes as a memorial of honour to. him but my mother pre-ferred to keep it, as was natural. Meanwhile, how'ever, some of my father's friends, and in particular his old patron, Lord Melbourne, then recently elected, put me up as a candidate, and as 1 find recorded in my Archive-book, vol. ii., my certificate was signed by Argyll, Bristol, Henry HaIIam, Thomas Brande, Dr. Paris, P.R.C.S., Sir 0. M. Clarke, and Sir Benjamin Brodie in due time 1 wàs elected, and on the 8th of May 1845 was admitted by Lord Northampton. At my election occurred this very strange and characteristic incident. There was oniy one ball against me among twenty-seven for me in the ballot-box the meetings were then held at Somerset House, the Society on a less numerous scale than at présent, and the élections casier and more frequent. When the President announced the result, up jumped Lord Melbourne, begging pardon for his mistake in having dropped his bail ihto the wrong holot-an amusing instance of thé ~tM~oM~e caro-lesshess habituai to that good-humourod Ministor. CHAPTER XXVII. F.R.S. As I have now been more than forty years a Fellow, 1 ought to be ashamed to confess that 1 never contri-buted a Paper to its learned Proceedings all of which as they corne to me 1 give appropriately enough to the famous Wotton Library, belonging to my excellent friend Evelyn, heir and successor to the celebrated John Evelyn of the Sylva, one of the Society's founders. That 1 have seldom even read them is also a pitiful truth for the mysterious nomenclature of modern chemistry, the incomprehensibility to my ignorance of the higher mathematics, the hopeless profundity of treatises on the tides, dynamics, electricity, and micro-scopic anatomicals, are, 1 am free to avow, worse to me than heathen Greek, nay for I can in some sort tackle that , more difficult than the clay tablets of Assyria or a papyrus of Rameses II. So I must confess to being an idle drone among the working bees. Only thrice have I ventured to ask questions oC conséquence, scarcely yet answered by thé pundits. One regards Spectrum Analysis How can we be sure that the lines indicative of gases and other elements are not mainly due to the emanations from our own globe, swathed as it is by more than forty miles of an atmosphere imprognated by ita own salts and aoids in aerial solution? May we not be deducing false con-clusions as to the varying lights of stars and nobuloe, if all the while to our vision they are as it were olouded by our own smoke ? 1 Telescopes have to pierce so thick a stratum of earth's aura and ether that it is expootable they would show us only our own composites in those of other worlds. The spectra are varied, 1 know, but so may bo our wrappings of atmosphere from one night to another. Let this ignorant query sumoo about Dr. Huggins' gréât discovery. Again, I certainly after some knowledge of strange facts could have wished that Mr. Crookes's philoso-phical spiritualism had met with a more patient hear-ing than Dr. Carpenter or Mr. Huxley offered at the time and that Faraday's clumsy mechanical refutation of table-turning had not been considered so conclusive. For there really are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, c., than even your omniscience is aware of and without pinning faith on Madame Blavatsky, or Mr. Hume, or any other wonder-worker from America or Thibet, there doubtless are petty miracles in what is called spiritualism possibly some form of electricity that demand more serutinythan our materialists will hâve the patience to vouchsafe I for one believe in human testimony even as to the miraculous. For a third and last inquiry justly indignant at the horrors of Continental vivisection, and especially in our own humane England at Dr. Ferrier's red-hot wires thrust into live monkeys' brains, I have ôften vainly asked cui bono such terrible cruelty? 1 The highest authorities are at variance with each other as to the practioal utility in human therapeutice of experiments upon agonised brutes but all must be agreed that, so far as morals are concerned, vivisection only hardens the heart and sears the feelings and conscience of doc-tors who may surround thë dying- bod of our dearest, and very possibly make capital of peculiar symptoms in their patient, by experiments transferred from dogs and rabbita to himself 1 Single votes are useless against the annual list of seleoted candidates, or I for one would have at ail inconvenience testified both at Oxford. and in the Royal Society against the eleotion of a certain Professor whose glory lies in vivisection. For an appropriate end to these discursive sentences, let me add this pootic morsel in my own vein. Mr. Butler of Philadelphia was quite right in his judgment of my indoles I write by impulse on occasion. Here is a very recent instance in point. 1 had lately visited Mr. Barraud's painted-window works near Seven Dials, and when I told Mr. Herbert Rix, our Assistant-Secretary, of what you may read below, he exhorted me to put it into verse, which I did impromptu, and sent it to him now thus first printed 1 aaw the artist in a oolour-shop Staining some bits of glass variously shaped To map the painted window of a ohuroh, And marvelled that the tintings ail seemed wrong ¡ Red, green, and brown should hâve been interohanged To show the oolours right. Why did he use His brush so oarelessiy, my folly asked. Wait for the fire,-the fire wiU make ail right, The reds and greens and browns will change again, Fusing harmoniously,' so Enowledge spake And thus a thought of wisdom came to me Touohing the truth, how kindly ourativo Mùst be the pains and oares and griefs of life, For that the furnaoe of adversity Melts to its proper good eaoh seemiNg ill. Again, I notioed how the artist chose Not olear good glass, whether of plate or orown, But oommon-looking stuS, bubbled and Sawed, As if seleoted for its blemishes Rather than for transparent purity. 'Why not ohoose better glass to paint upon ?' To this'he answered, Wouldn't do at ail. My faces mustn't look lifelesa and dull, But, as instinct with motion, light.and life, Not in enamelled uniformity The aunshine oannot sparkle where all's smooth 1 ohoose the most imperfect panes to make A perfeot, vigorous pioture.Then I learnt How wonderfully Providence is pleased To cause all evil thinga to help the good Nay, deeper, to ordain that good itself Can soaroely be discerned withont the harm Of some companion-ill even as gold Is useless unalloyed and Very Light Unshadowed kills, as unapproaohable And absolute unmitigated good Alone is Godhead. Every créature hère In this our human trial-world at least Is full df faults and spots and blemishes, If only to set off hie better self, His talents, graces, excellent good gifts, Burnt in the fire to brighter excellence And fused harmonious into perfeot man. I have often thought that our Great Teacher's par-ables were true pictures of things around Him He painted from living modela, impulsively and on occa-sion. The prodigal son, the unjust judge, the rich ol, the camel unlade4 to pass the narrow tunnel of the needie'a eye, the lost sheop, the found pièce of money and the like,-all were real incidents made use of by Hia wisdom, who spake as never man spake, and did all. thinga well. CHAPTER XXVIII. PERSONATION. IT bas several times happened to me, as doubtless to others of my brethren, to find that 1 have been person-ated, certainly to my considerable discredit. Take these instances. When at Brighton, a fellow bad the effron-tery to collect money in my name, and I suppose he somewhat resembled me, as 1 heard more than once that I had been seen here and there, where 1 undoubtedly was not, and proved an alibi. At Bignor, where 1 went to see some Roman pavements on the property of a Sussex yeoman of my name very possibly a German cousin the owner reoeived me with more than suspicion when I said who 1 Was,-because thé true Martin Tupper had been his gùest for a week, and brought him a book he had written, and one of mine then was lying on the table t But 1 soon made it clear that he had been deceived, and that the real Simon Pure was now before him. Divers other cases might be mentioned however, perhaps the most ourious is this, and I extract the whole statement from ohe of my scrap-bopks now before me. It is headed An anecdote to account for certain slanders,thé date beingAugust 1865!-1 I have heard it seriously asserted of me that I am a great pugilist 1 and very far in conduot and manners from what one might expeot, and so forth. Now it bas just come to my knowledge that a sporting publican and dog-fancier who called his publio-house in the Waterloo Road Thé Groyhound my créât , and has my name over the lintel, has claimed to be the author, and is supposed to be myself 1 Mr. Payne my publisher told me about the pugilist,' and said he had heard it in the clubs that 1 was a match for Sayera,-as I conclude my sporting namesake is. In America, too, 1 found that my double lived at Hardwick, Worcester Co., N.Y., and that another Martin hailed from Buffalo. So, like poor Edgar Poe, who had to suffer from the machinations of a profligate brother, who gave Edgar's name whenever he got into a scrape, 1 may have sometimes been credited with the sins of atrangers. No one is free from this sort ofcalumny. We all have heard of Sheridan's wicked witticism, in that when taken up in Pall Mali for drunkenness, he gave his name Wilberforoo and it is said that he got drunk on purpose to say so 1 My venerable friend, Thomas Cooper, the pious and eloquent old Chartist, has been similarly confused with Robert Cooper, the atheist, lecturer not but that Thomas had once been an atheist too. In this connection, here is a curiousiy compli-cated caae of alibi, which 1 abstract verbatim from one of -my Archive-booka. On Sunday, thé lyth of September 1848,1 was a!l the afternoon and evening at myhouseon Furze Hill, Brighton, qmetly reading and teaching my children, o. Next day thé 'Rov. J. 0. Biohmond an American friend called with me on thé Rev. Mr. Vaughan, and in the course of conversation the latter said to me in a good-natured tone of rebuke 'Somo ofmy congrégation tell me they saw you yesterday afternoon smoking a cigar in a fly on the Marine Parade.' 1 had hardiy time to deny the soft impeachment, which I might well have done with emphasis, as a loather of cigars, and as little as possible a traveller on Sundays, when Richmond broke out with That's impossible for I saw him myself in Shoreham Church five miles distant , and noticed that he went away in the middle of the sermon, as 1 supposed, to get home to Mrs. Tupper.' Mr. Richmond says he could have made oath that 1 had been there, and that he told several persons after church that I had heard part of the sermon in the afternoon.' So, upon human and trustworthy evidence, 1 could have been proved to have been in three places at once. My fetch similarly once rescued a young lady from death on Snowdon at least a stranger in company once came up to me, to thank me for my prowess in having stopped his daughter'a pony, which had run away down. the mountain t-in vain I denied it -and he addressed me by my name, too 1 Somebody muât have given him my card by accident. And let me here allude if can without indelicacy tci another sort of personation of more financial impor-tance to myself. Lately, I.have seen some not very refined nor considerate paragraphs in American papers Mr. Bok.'a a Brooklyn editor, has told me that more than four hundred repeated them to thé eneot that in the battle of life 1 had-truly enough-sun'ered reverses, and needed material help from my many professing friands. Moreover 1 hâve heard it stated that sorne sort of collection was volunteered for me. Well, this may have been the case or n6t but onyhow thé ct is and it. should be, announced to'those who may have given-and wonder at no acknowlodgment of their kindness haviag come from me that to this hour I have reoeived nothing from America except a few dollars sent by one lady, and some more from a Trans-atlantic relative , either on account of my so-called testimonial, or these more recent paragraphs. The annoyance in my own mind, and in the suspicion of some others round me, is the awkward fancy that sundry small collections may have been intercepted. Possibly some other Martin Tupper bas the spoil. Another sort of dishonest personation whereto we are aU liable, whether authora or not, is the having imputed to us divers forged or garbled sentiments, even in the immutability of print, I have now before me a Boston copy of my first Proverbial published by one Joseph Dowe in 1840, which, though stated to be from the London edition, designedly omits all allusion to the Trinity, even my whole essay thereon, for Mr. Dowe as a Unitarian chose to make me one t AIso, 1 have seen my name attached to verses I never wrote, and have been claimed both by Swedenborgians and Freemasons as a brother, while Jesuitry bas otherwise traduced me. Artists also as well as authors are similarly misrepre-sentod my son-in-law, Clayton Adams, for instance, tells me that his name bas been added to Jandscapes he never painted, and that they sold by auction at high prices. Modern aociety should punish such cheateries severely. CHAPTER XXIX. HOSPITAMTIBS-FARNBAM, ETC. ÂMONGST other memorabilia in no particular order, let me set down a few visits, longer than a mere call, to sundry persons and places of note. As these, for instance. Annually during many years I used to be a guest from Thursday to Monday at Farnham Castle, when the good Bishop's venison was in season. Of course, at such a table 1 constantly met celebrities, but a mère list of their names wduld be tedious, and any public record of private hospitalities I hold to be improper. No doubt the kindly and courtly Bishpp Sumner held high festival like an ancient Baron, at sùch a raté for those were golden times from renewed 'leases for the see as no successor with a less unlimited income could well afford. The grandeur of Farnham Castle died with him and mygood friend from boy-hood, Bishop Harold Browne, must not bo Hamed if with less than half his means he cannot compote with him. I was enabled to gratify Bishop Sumner in a way that touohed his heart, as thus. A cousin of mine, De Lara Tupper of Rio Janeiro, a rich merchant prince there, sont me, as a present for my Albury greenhouse, twp large baies of orchids, which, however, were praotically useless to me, as I had not that expensive luxury, a regular orchid-house. But 1 knew that the dear Bishop had, and that orchid-growing was his spécial hobby ac. cordingly all were transferred to Farnham, and 1 need not say how gratefully accepted, as many roots proved to be most rare, and some specimens quite unique. The good man gave me, en révanche, a splendid Horace, in white vellum beautifully illustrated, and inscribed by him Gratiarum actio, now near me in a bookcase. The same South American cousin sent me also a box of pines, oranges, and shaddocks just when Garibaldi was our visitor at Princes Gate,-and 1 had the gratification of giving many to him, not only becauso he mainly lived upon. uit, but also beoause some of the said fruit came from the farm he and his first wife, the well-beloved Anita, had once owned in South America. Later on, Gladstone invited me to meet the hero at a reception in Carlton Gardons, where 1 took note of Garibaldi, with his hostess on his arm, as he walked in his simple red shirt, through a bowing lane of feathered fashionables, whom ho greeted right and left as if he had been always used to such London high life. On that occa-sion I had the honour of standing between Palmerston and Lord John Russell, who kindly conversed with me, as also did the chief guest, specially thanking me for those pines and oranges. .PARHAM. Anothér notable visit of some days, was one to Par-ham, the ancient-and haunted-seat of my old friend both at Charterhouse and at Christ Ohurch, Robert Curzon, afterwards Lord de la Zouohe, the great col-leotor of Armenian and other missals and manuscripts. With him alas 1 no more amongst us, and his son Aas dropped the Il de la 1 spent a joyful and instructive time out of doora we nshed in the lakè and rode about the park among the antlered deer,-three heads and horns whereof are now in our glass-porch entrance at Albury indoors, there was the splendid gallery of family armour from feudal days,-several suita of which Curzon told me he had tried to wear on some occasion, but couldn't most were too small for him, though by no means a tall man and those which he could struggle into were too heavy.. Then there was the interminable companion gallery of full-length portraits, some of whom, probably the wioked ancestors, walked 'and l'm sure that when I alept in a tapestried chamber under that gallery, I did hear footateps-could it be, horrible fancy t in procession ? When I told Curzon this, he answered that he had often heard them himself, from boyhood, but that familiarity bred contempt he said alao, with a twinkle in his eye, that there M' M a room which was usually set apart for new-married couples, as such would probably not be so much startied as louely maids and bachelors might be, at the whis-pered conversations across the bed 1 Moreover, evil wings possibly owls or bats, looking after glow-wonn candies occasionally flapped at the casementa. But Curzon was a humorist as well as inventive. Perhaps one secret as to ghosts at Parham lay in the fact that in the old thick walls were concealed staircaaes and Il priesta' chambers, which possibly might be of use, even now, to vagrant lovera liko Mr. Pickwick at Ipswich , or perhaps sieep-walkers,-or burglarious thieves. Anyhow, 1 liked to lock my bedroom door there,-as indèed 1 do generally elsewhere, if look and key are in good agreemeut for once 1 cquidn't get' out without the surgical operation of a carpenter, having too securely locked myself in. This shall not happen twice, if 1 can help it. Curzon's gréât glory, how-ever, was his library, full of rarities he showed me, amongst other MSS., his unique purple parchments, with gold letter types, being if I remember rightly Constantine's own copy of the New Testament and, to pass by other curios, some tiny Elzevirs uncut imagine his horror when 1 volunteered to cut these open for him 1-their chief and priceless wonder being that no eye bas ever seen, nor ever can see, the insides .of those virgin pages 1 1 know there is such a rabies as bibliomania,-and I have myself, at Albury, a breeches Bible, which belonged to a, maternai an-cestor, a Faulkner, of course valued beyond its worth as a readable volume and 1 might name many other instances but to esteem a book chiefly because it bas never been cut open, did strike my ignorance as an abnormal fatuity. Curzon was one of our Aristotelians, as before mentioned. OfHER VISITS. 1 am also mindfu.1 of a very pleasant week spent long ago at Shenstone's Leasowes, a beautiful estate near Birmingham, now béing dug up for coal even as Hamil-ton is, where in those days some good friends of mine resided, of whom now departed like so many others I havè most kindly reoolleotions..Thé hostess, aobarm-ing and intelligent lady of the old sohool, wearing her own white ringlets, used to have many talks with me about Emanuel Swedenborg, ahalf-inspu'od genius whom she much favoured the host, a genial côunty magnate, did. his best to enable me to catch trout where Shen-0 stone used to sing about them, and tried to interest me in farm improvements but my chief 'memory of those days is this. Whiist 1 was there, a splendid testimonial in silver arrived in a fly from Birmingham, well guarded by a couple of police against possible roughs, the result of a zeaJous gathering from his political supporters and that Testimonial, little Testy as 1 called it, was a source of care and dilemma to everybody for care, it was immediately locked away for fear of burglars and as to dilemma, the white elephant was too tall for the centre of a table, and too short to stand upon the ûoor. It seemed closely to illustrate to my mind that wise text about a man's life and his possessions. The cheerful spirit of the mansion and its inmates seemed quite sub-dued by this unwelcome acquisition. When at thé Leasowes, 1 produced some suitable poems which were very kindly received hère is one of them, hitherto unprinted. ~m~fOmp~M StMt!M Ticked iif at the Z MOMM, ~'M,y. 24, i8s7, aa per order. And so you claim a verse of me, good friend, As from the inspiration of the place Well then,-from pastoral trash may taste detend Your pleasant Leasowes, and the human race 1 The Gentle Shepherd'a day bas had an end, Nor even could melodious Shenstone hère False and inflated, we muât all allow , Excite one glowing thought or pensive tear Ualeas indeed of wrath or.pity now Yet dearly can I love these tumbling hills With roughly wooded winding glens between, Set with olear trout pools link'd by gurgling rills And all so natural and oalm and green, That served to enervate your Poetaster But only strengthen now their Iron Master. 1 will also record a hospitable sojourn in old days at Northwood Park, the splendid abode of Isle-of-Wight Ward grandfather to my sohool and college friend Ward of the Aristotle class and Oxonian persécution , where. 1 once spent a week in my father's time and similarly a visit at Lord Spencer's perfect villa near Ryde and at other pleasant homes, made to me Aequently welcome, the chief being Wotton, the classic mansion of one of my oldest û'iends. AIso long ago,-see a former page,-I purposely dis-missed with only a word our lengthened visita in my father's day at Inveraray Castle with the old Duke of Argyll, and Holkar Hall with Lord George Cavendish, as private domesticities,-whilst a casual other few as at Ardgowan, Rozelle, Herriard, Losely, and thé like, grate-fully on my memory, shall be thus briefly recorded here Ardgowan is the magnificent abode of my friend Sir Michael Shaw-Stewart, ifter whose grandmother as my sponsor 1 am named Farquhar Rozelle,. the hospitable mansion of Captain Hamilton, where I sojourned many days, meeting thé ~c of Ayr, and among them the aged niece of Burus in the poet's own country Herriard House, my old school-iriend Frank EIHs's heritage under his name of Jervoise, and Losely- of the manuseripts, where 1 have often visited my late excellent friend James More Molyneux. Of course, like everybody else who may be Ufted a .trino above thé crowd, 1 haveexperienced, almost an-nually, the splendid hospitalities of the Mansion House and most of the City Companies may they long con-tinue, and not be spunged àway by Radical meanness 1 all classes are united and gratified theroby, for the poorest get the luxurious leavings, and the feastà are paid for by benefactors long departed from the scènes of their successful merchandise. Ail that seeming prodi-gality and luxury have good uses. But 1 will mention of-course without the hint of a name or place one only instance of excessive splendour, quite needless and to my mind vulgar, A great magnate not a royalty, 1 need hardly say invited four guests to dine with his home party the four were my father and mother, my brother Dan and myself, humble guests enough and yet behind each of twelve chairs stood a gorgeous flunkey in powder and bright livery, with my lord's gentleman superadded in undortaker's evening trim, while the Earl himself wore his star and garter 1 Of course too the bunet and the table were loaded with resplendent plate. That. scene of ostentation bas been on the gray matter of my brain ever since young manhood, and 1 relieve myself now of the réminiscence for thé first and last time. In another page 1 speak of Prince Astor's pure gold service when I dined with him at New. York and 1 have grateful memory of the almost palatial splendeur wherewith a rich publisher entertained hia guest at his castle under Arthur's Seat but in every case and I might name others my heart's aspiration bas been, Give me neither poverty nor riches feed me with food convenient for me. Mr. Vanderbilt was not happy with his millions neither probably is poor Jack without a shot iu his looker. IN such a record of personals as this, it is fortunate both for the author and his readers if he bas never been one of those literary lions who are merely histrionic crea-tures of society. It is a privilege not to have to repro-duce the common small-talk of ball-rooms and garden-parties, nor to be obliged to make the most, after a semi-libellous fashion, of after-dinner scandais, or gossip in the smoking-room. Not having heard them ho oannot well report raoy anecdotes, whereof sundrymemoirs have been too full. In the happier condition of à partial anchoritism 1 have escaped clubs, London seasons, and country mansion gaieties as a youth and to middle manhood a stammerer, 1 would not willingly court the humiliations of chattering society, and thereafter, up to to-day, a domestio country gentleman of literary pur-suits, 1 haye avoided as far as possible fashionable gatherings of every sort, social, theological, or politioal. Not that 1 abjure-it is far otherwise-any kind of genial intercourse with my fellows a few friends are my delight, but I never would belong to a club, though sometimes specially tempted by indulgence as,to terms more than once having boen oBered a free and immédiate entry , nor to any society or charity that expected of me personal publioity or active service,albeit, ohoo, CHAPTEBXXX. SOCIAL AND RURAL. and once only, I had to figure as a reluotant chairman at Exeter Hall. Privacy has ever been my préférence ¡ whence it will clearly be inferred how much 1 have had to sacri6ce in the way of self-denial when forced by circumstanoes to enact the old man eloquent before assembled bundreds, sometimes tbousanda, as a public reader. People who have made themselves acquainted with my Proverbial Philosophy may remember that my Essay on Speaking contrasta the misery of the man who cannot speak with the happiness of the emanci-pated orator, and I, have experienoed them both whilst it may be seen in wbat I have written about silence and seclusion how cordially and perhaps foolishly, as wearing my heart on my gleeve, 1 have shown that 1 greatly love to be alone, especially in what I am known to ca l holy silence in fact, as ill-nature may like to put it, I prefer my own quiet company to that disturbed by the talk of other people. So much, then, as to one cause for the scantiness in this self-memoir of expected spioy anecdotes and perilous revelations. Not but that I could make considérable mischief, and perhaps help my publisher in sales, if I chose to make the moat of thé many celobrities, both American and English, with whom I have had intercourse both at Albury and eisewhere. My humble hospitalities and the constant welcome 1 have given to strangers, have been like their author, proverbial but that is no reason why our con-verse, free and frank as private fellowship commanda, should be produced in print naturally the host was ever generous, and the guest equally, of courao~-appréciative.. Perhaps though, not quite always and 1 am tempted here to say just one unpleaeant word about the only onë ~e of my many American guests, hospitably, nay almost aSeotiouately treated, who wrote home to his wife too disparagingly of his entertainer, his son baving after-wards had the bad taste to publish those letters in his father's Lifo. One comfort, however,is that in The Memoirs of Nathaniel Hawthorne, that not very amiable genius praises no oue of bis Engliah hosts except, indeed, a perhaps too open-handed London one , and that he waa not known any more than Fenimore Cooper, whom years ago I found a rude cus-tomer in New York for a superabundance of good nature. When at Albury, Hawthorne seemed to ua superlatively envious of our old house for having more than seven gables of ita owner for a seomingly affiuent independence, as well as authonal famé even of his friends when driven by him to visit beàutiful and hos-pitable Wotton and in every word and gesture openly entering his republican and ascetic proteat against the aristocratie old country even to protesting, when we drove by a new weather-boarded cottage, Ha, that's the sort of house 1 prefer to see it's like one of ours at home. That we did not take to each other is no won-der. This, then, is my answer to the unkindly remarks against me in print of one who bas shown manifestly a flash ofgenius in The Scarlet Letter but, so far as Iknow.itwaswell-nighasolitaryone. One further ourious illustration of an uncongeninl guest is this Aléxander Smith wrote a Lifo Drama, full of sparkling pootio gems, whioh at once made him popular, apparently with justice enough. 1 asked him down to Albury, made much of him, praised warmly sundry ~ofceaMa! of his which 1 had marked in my oopy , and to my astonishment recoived the brusque reply, 0, yon like those, do you ? 1 1 ahall alter them in next édition as 1 found afterwards he did. He was a common-looking man, with a rough manner, and a squint. As he seemed upset,-though why 1 could not guess,-I tried in other ways to please him as, by a ramble in the woods and a drive in the waggonette but all would not do,-his day came to an end as. gloomily as it began. Long after, 1 stumbled upon the reason. 1 had then for the first time read Bailey'a Festus, and found some passages therein very simiJar to Alexander's thereafter, other little bits from aome other poets I think Tennyson was one struck me. Little wonder, then, that 1 heard no more of Smith,-who clearly had thought himself found out,-and so received my nrst ignorance of his plagiaristic tendenoy as if 1 had known all about it and years after Aytoun had as I was told avenged justice by.that cleverest of spasmodic poetries, Firmilian, by Percy Jones -a bur-lesque on Alexander Smith, and a book whieh the world bas too willingly let die. Let no one, however, after' all this, fancy that 1 am unaware of Alexander Smith'a true merit. He very neatly fitted into his mosaic word-pictures thé titbits he had culled in his commonpiaoe-book out of many poets, and so utilised them. A self. ma.de and self-taught man, elbow to elbow, as he told me, with Jack, Tom, aud Harry in a workshop, as a designer of patterns, he had well and wisely made the most of his scant opportunities of culture, and it ia only a pity that he did not allude to something of thia in préface. It is not for me to recall hère muoh about the in-evitable hospitalities of ah old country house, to which a not unkindiy host often invited English and foreign friends, whom something to do with authorship had mado celebrities. Do 1 not pleasantly remember the jolly haymaking, when old Jerdan, calling out, More hay, more bay 1 covered Grace Greenwood with a hay-cock overturned, and had greeted a sculptor guest ap-propriately and wittily enough with Hère we are, Durham, all mustered 1 the we being besides others, Camilla Toulmin, George Godwin, and Francis Bennoch ? 1 Do I not remember how much surprised we were at the melodies whereof an old piano was capable when touched by Otto Goldsmidt ? 1 Can I forget, also, how marvel-ously a young Canadian, Joseph Macdougall, of Ottawa, extemporised on thé same piano as only a genius can Mr. Assher was another , and sent me afterwards, as a memory, a vast volume of Ameriean photographs, whereof he had munificently prepaid the enormous sum ,of .66, 18s. for postage ? 1 And was not our TUlage stirred to its depths by thé visit to Albury House of twd black gentlemen and a blue,-all in evening dress 1 It was President Roberts of Monrovia, attended by his seoretary and chief minister for they came cordially to return thanks to one who had helped a little in slave emancipation, under thé influences of Elliott Cresson, Dr. Hodgkih, Garrison, and others,-aud, moreover, had given a gold medal for African literature, biennially to be competed for by emancipated slaves -whereof 1 have heard very little, sincé by the volunteered assistance of Mr. Taylor, the seal engraver 1 gave it many years ago the medal was as large as a crown piece.. President Benson, also of Liberia, a magnificent obon spécimen of humanity, visited me with his stan, not long before his lamented death-it was said, by murder. Let me add now a word of kindly memory for some good friends long gono to a better world, but once wel-come guests at Albury. There was Benjamin Nightin-gale, the enthusiastic antiquary there was his fcdus ~cAa~, Akerman, secretary to the Numismatic, whom I greatly pleased by enabling him to catch a trout near my carriage gate there was Chief Baron Pollok, head of the Noviomagians the eloquent Edwards .Lester of America, whose speech at a Literary Fund dinner to which I, had treated him was hailed by HaUam, Dickens, and others on the spot as the speech of the Society and the Warrens of Troy, N.Y., about whose casual visit this singular thing happened. For thé nrst and only time in life I had had the strange luck to catch at Netley Pond three perch of nearly a pound eaoh, and a fine trout of about two 1 little knew then the final cause thereof in those days we could not easily get fish in thë country, uniess indeed we caught it now my eminent Trans-atlantic stranger friends came on a Friday, and proved to be Roman Catholics could any piscatorial luck have beën more timely 1 When a few days after I told of my sport to a neigh-bour it was Captain Russell of the Cleveland fainily , a great angler, he, of course, without imputation of my veracity, hinted that he wished I might have such luck again, as he would thon corne and dine with me. 1 answered at once, Corne to-morrow, and see what 1 may have caught. He did,-and I produced om thé same old mill-head a three-pound trout,-to his astonish-meut, as it had been my own to have caught it. 1 have never had suoh luck before or since, though always a zealous angler in an unprofessional way. Lot me not forget here also the beautiful Albttry Waltz, composed in my drawing-room by Miss Arm-strong, and published-it must be twenty years ago now-by Robert Cocks, New Burlington Street wherein by request 1 originated the idea of song words for the danoers. This singing as you danced has been often done since, but 1 suppose no one then thought of it but myself since King David. I need say little more about Albury visitors -for many years there were plenty of them,-but if one put down a tenth part of what even thé faithless memory of old age still retains, there would be no end to such inexhaustible recordings. And here is an Alburian anecdote which may amuse, as 'illustrative of the mental calibre of some of those myriads of untutored rustics whom our partisan gover-nors have made politically equal with the wisest in thé land. Three young friends came to spend a day with us, and for fun brought in their pockets the absurd noses popular at Epsom races. We came upon some turf-diggers, and my visitors mounted their masks to mystifythem. The clodpoles looked scared and very quiet, till 1 went up to one of them who knew me,-of course I was in my natural physiognomy,-and I said to him, My friend, these are foreigners and thé poor ignoramus staring at those portentous noses said séri-ously, Ees, 1 sees they be. Clearly he thought all fumners weresofeatured.. Another spécimen of agrioultura.1 intelligence is this A labourer in my fléld one day said to me, Master, please to tell me where Jerusalem is, because me and my mates hâve been disputing about it, and I says as -its'in Ireland, because the Romansgoesthere 1 He meant the Roman Catholics 1 and he might have heard also that St. John's Pat-mos was in fact an Irish'bog, Pat's-moss many of our legislative constituency being found to believe that. 1 But not only is the common labourer thus dense take thèse two instances of country guests at my table. One whom I had asked to meet two Americans told me of his disappointment at not finding them-red men 1 And another this time a provincial parson wauted me to expostulate with my friend Hatchard afterwards Bishop of Mauritius because he meditated in his philan-thropy giving a drinking fountain to Guildford. Only think, a drinking fountain t surely you cannot approve ? The poor man supposed it was one of those pumping apparatusès for spirits presided over by barmaids 1 It is manifest that the schoolmaster was not so much abroad a w years ago as he bas been since board schools have arisen. Amongst other specialities of ancient Albury House, which bas 1661 on a weathercock and 1701 on à kitchen wing, is the same peculiarity which Tennyson told me, at Farringford vexes him in his own less ancient dwell-ing,-and which Pindar of old declared to be thé privi-lege of poets. We are, and have been for générations, a very house-hive of'bees the whole front of two gables bas them under ita oak floors and panelled walls throughout,-and when guests sleep in certain rooms they have to be forewarned that the groans at midnight are not those of perturbed spirits, but the hum and buatle of multitudinous bées. We oannot drive them away, nor destroy them utterly.-as often has been attempted and if we did, the worry would be only wor-sened, as in that case hornets would corne and succeed to the sweet heritage of bee-dom. When the stuccoed on ! of our house was demolished, to show the oaken pattern but it had to be re-roughcast to keep out the weather , there were pailsful of honey carried off by the labourers, of course not without wounds and strife but in ordinary times it is a strange fact that our bées never sting their hosts be oarefui only to remain quiet, and there is no war between man and bee. Two years ago a great comb was built outside an eaveboard, pro-bably because there was no room for more comb inside. It is curious that it should hâve survived two hard winters. Is not all this apposite, as suited let Pindar and Tennyson bear witness to a poet's home In this zoological connection for bees are zoa let me record that there is a legend df a fox having beou killed in our drawing-room on the ground-floor with Frenoh Windows during some tenancy in my absence, -on!y fancy thé havoc of such a strife 1 but all had been cleared up' before our return. AIso, it is memor-, able, and 1 saw it myself that a hard-pressed stag from Sir Gilbert Heathoote's hunt took refuge in our harness-room,-to the extreme horror of a gardener's boy, who thought it was a mad donkey,-and no wonder, for as those brave barbarian sportsmen get the antlers sawn off for fear of wounds to themselves or their nobler dogs, the poor scared creature with ita uncrowned head acd' loppity ears is very donkey-like.. Let me givo auother like homely anecdote of past days. We are all now so wrapt in security as country dwellera, guarded by the rural police everywhere, that the followmg ludicroua incident may seem hardly worth. a. word but in the good old days, when poor Jack was suoh a highway brigand that my nurses feared to take, thé children off thé promises, and wheh burglarswëre not infrequent callers at remote résidences, what hap-pened long ago, on a certain dark wintor's night, at Albury, may amuse. Long after all had gone to bed, we heard with trepidation stealthy stops crunching the snow round the house, and aoHM~MMjf that now and then touohod the ground-floor doors and windows, as if quietly trying to get in - at last fumbled at the ancient hanging handle of the outside kitchen-door 1 Now was the time for Paterfamilias to show his pluck, in the universal scare so, armed cap-a-pied, with candies held in the rear by the terrified household, he valor-ously drew the bolts and flung open the heavy oaken door,-to greet-his childrén's donkey, escaped some-how from its stable, and trying to get indoors that cold night for warmth. Laugh as we might, and as you may, the test of courage was all thé same and if this donkey story is pounced upon by some critic or comic as a weak link in my chain of autobiography, I only. hope he will behavo as bravely if a real ruffian tries his doors and windows by night by no moans an. improbable hypothesis in 'these days of communistio radicatism. The old house itself may deserve a word. It came to me as a-shall 1 say 7-matrimony, from my mother if patrimony means from a father, why not matrimony from a mother, hergreat-uncle, Anthony Devis, having bought it in 1780. He was a remarkable man in his way and before his age a good landscape painter. as Pilkington avouches , a collector of pictures and curio'-sities,-mostly sold by exeoutors at his death, aged eiglity-niiie, though a full gallery romains at Albury a. carver too, and a constructor of cabinets,whereof two Rue spécimens inlaid with brecoiated jaspers,.and made of ebony and cedar from his own turning-Iathe decorate our large drawing-room and the oldest folk in our village still remember the good old gentleman who always had gingerbread in his pockets for them as children, and who was known by them as the man mushroom, seeing he was the nrst who ever had an umbrella in the place 1 There was, however, another and a better reason for this name, inasmuch as he built for himself an outer painting-room on a hilltop near which ho called Mushroom Hall, because it was just like one as a picture in our drawing-room testifies , being a circular turret surmounted by a Bat broad dome, with overshadowing eaves all round. This strange summer-house has long vanished. Anthony came of a good old stock paternally, as the civic archives of Preston, in Lancashire, testify ,and his mother was Ann Blackburne, of Marrick Abbey, York-shire,the title-deeds whereof, old slip parchments and maps from Henry II. to Henry VIII., 1 found in a chest at Albury, and years after transmitted them to Lord Beaumont, the present owner albeit, as a boy, I had been allowed to cut off thé seals and paste them in a oopy-book 1 AU these deeds, and the history thereof, I had printed in Nichols's Antiquariana. The prominent feature of our vil age, so far as religion is concerned, has for nëarly nfty years been the tact of ita boing thé headquarters of the party originated by Edward Irving,-a full history whereof, impartially and ably written by Mr. Miller ofBicester whose hospitality 1 have enjoyed for some days at Kineton , will be found at Kegan Paul's, if any wish to read it. I have always lived on kindly terme with my neighbours, though,not quite of their faith , excellent are many,of them, and 1 am glad to number such among my friends, specially as on neither side we meddle with each other's peculiar opinions. 1 bave known nearly all their twelve apostles, men of mark and learning especially John Tudor, a great Hebraist, and who was skilled even in Sanscrit and the arrow-headed characters , and eleven of them are among the dead, one only surviving in a vigorous old âge to meet may it be so the Lord at His coming. My American Ballads, perhaps after Proverbial Philo-sophy, the chief cause of my Transatlantic populari-ties, had their origin at Albury. The nrst of these and the most famous, as it induced several friendly replies from American poets, was one whereof this below is the first stanza. 1 wrote it in 1850, and read it after dinner to four visitors from over the Atlantic to their great delectation, and of course they sent MS. copies all over the States. It begins-1 would copy more here, but as the whole ballad equally with thé two just following is printed in tay Miscellaneous Poems and still extant at Paternoster Square, 1 rofer my reader thereto if he wants more of it. The next of note was one headed Ye Thirty Noble Nations, and ia remarkable for 'this strange fact, viz., that 1 composed about thé half of those eighteen eight-R CHAPTER XXXI. AMERIOAN BALLADS. yo. 'O~M't MMt~M. Ho 1 brother, l'm a Britisher, A ohip of heart of oak, That wouldn't warp or swerve or stir From what I thought or spoke And you-a blunt and honest man, Straightforward, kind, and true, I tell you, brother Jonathan, That you're a Briton too t liue stanzas in a semi-slumber. I. was as 1 thought asleep, but I got out of bed and pëncilled the ballad or most of it, for 1 added and amended afterwards straight off, and went to bed again, of course to sleep profoundly when 1 got up next morning and found the MS. on my table, it seemed like a dream, but it wasn't. 'rhose who are ourious may look out this piece of ~MûMt inspiration in that poem-book aforesaid. But here is the opening verse for those who cannot get thé volume in bulk The daim beiug love for Mother Britain the petition for freedom to thé slave. It was published in 1831. A third is chiefly noticeable for this. America had since my last address to her as Thirty Nations added three more States and I was challenged to includo them which 1 did as thus hère are three of thé Stanzas in proof YetMrtynoMe Nations Oonfederate in one, That keep your starry stations Around the Western sun,-I have a glorious mission, And must obey the call, A claim 1-and a petition 1 To set before you all. Giant aggregate of Nations, Glorious Whole of glorious Parts, Unto endless generations Live United, hands and hearts l Be it storm or summer weather, Peaoefui oalm, or battle jar, Stand in beauteous strehgth together, Sister States, as Now ye are t There are also several other like balladisms, and sundry sonnets, all of which I had from timo to time to greet my American audience? withal. And thus before I paid my visita over thore, the land was salted with ore and the water enriched with ground-bait, so that when the poetaster appeared he was welcomed by every class as a promoter of International Kindliness. Charmed with your oommingled beauty England sends the signal round, Every man must do his duty' To redeem from bonds the bound t Then indeed your banner's brightness Shining olear from every star Shall proolaim your joint uprightness, Sister States, as Now ye are t So a peerless constellation May those stars together blaze Three and ten-times threefold Nation Go ahead in power and praise 1 Like the many-breasted goddess Throned on her Ephesian car, Be-one heart in many bodies, Sister States, as Now ye are 1 A VAST volume is before me containing my nrst Ameri-can journal, which I sent over piecemeal in' letters and newspaper clippings to Albury, where my wife and daughters arranged them and kept them safely, till on my return after three months travel 1 pasted them duly into this big book. If 1 were to record a tithe of~he myriad memorabilia there entered, the present volume now in progress would not aBbrd space even for a tithe of that and after all, the result would only appear as a record of numerous private hospitalities which I object to making public , of sundry well-apprecia.ted kindnesses, complimenta, and tokens of honour from stranger friends in many cities, and thé numerous incidents that a tourist visitor ordinarily expériences most of which, althpugh paragraphed in a gossiping fashion through hundreds of thé 3000 American papers, are not worth recording here. In fact, I look at this enormous volume with despair,-the more so that there is its other equally bulkybrother about my second visit,-and so intend to give oniy some samples of both. The world is too full of books, and does not call out for another American Journal. Thé main social interest of my two visits consisted in the contrast shown between the one in 1851 and that in 1876, just a quarter of a century after between in fact CHAPTER XXXII. AMERIOAN VISITS. the extreme drinking habits of one generation and the extreme temperance of another mainly due, amongst other causes, to the overflowing prosperities of the middle of this century and the comparative adversities of its declining years. Jeshurun once waxed fat, and kicked, -but since then he bas become one of the lean kine wines and spirits were formerly in abundance as well as bard.dollars, but hâve now been replaced by the cheaper water and discredited paper. Moreover, such shrewd and caustic writers as the Trollopes and Dixon and Charles Dickens have done great good service to their sensible and. sensitive American brothers,-who, far from resenting strictures which for the moment stung, took the best advantage of their utterance in self-improvement. My first visit was hospitably redolent of -all manner of seductive drinks,-wherein, however, 1 was as they thought too temperate my second was as hospitably plentiful so far as eating went, but iced water wherein I was temperate too appeared solitarily for the universal beverage though even in the most teetotal homes this English guest was always generously allowed his port or Madeira or even his whisky if he wished it. Tempérance was a fashion, a~'Ofe, on my second visit, as its opposite had been on my first and on each occasion, 1 persisted in a middle course, the golden mean,which 1 know to be proverbially a wisdom though not at present universally so accepted. It is hopeless for me to look through the multi-tudinous large quarto pages of mynrst diaryand its letters, commenta, paragraphs, o. they are only too full of compliments and kindnesses from friends in many instances passed away and I will simply record two or three of the more public hospitalitios whioh greeteâ. me. Oné of these was a grand dinner with the Maryland Historical Society at Baltimore, May i~, 1851, my late friend Mr. Kennedy in the chair as president, while Sir Henry Bulwer and myself supported him right and left, some hundreds of other guests also being présent. Of course all was very well done, luxuriously and magni-ficently but perhaps the best thing I can do if my reader's patience and my present tired penmanship wiU approve it is to extract from a newspaper, the Baltimore C pe~ of the above date, a précis of my speech on the occasion. Some distinguished gentleman having proposed my health, This brought to his feet Mr. Tupper, who, having expressed his thanks in an appropriate manner, and acknowledged his superior gratitude to the Author of all good, alluded to that international loving-kindness whioh he aYowed to be one main errand of his life and he very happily brought in Horace's prophetical description of England and America in their relation of mother and child, 0 matre pulohrâ filia pulchrior.' He followed by relating some striking incidents of the good feeling which per-vades the old country in favour of her illustrious on-spring. One we cannot fail to give was that thé Royal Naval School at Greenwich had inserted his well-known' ballad 'To Brother Jonathan' in a collection published for the use of the Royal Navy. The speaker thën paid an eloquent compliment to the literature of Amerioa-her poets, statesmen, historians, and divines. Ho re-joiced that Insular Amerioa and Continental England' were so intimately and inseparably intermingled in thé authorial productions of the hùman mind, as well as bound together by the strongest ties of nature and reli-gion, of lineage, laws, and language. Adverting tb thé wise piety of such associations as the one before him, he exhorted to keep together the records of the past, that they may sanctify the present and be an encourage-ment to good and a warning against evil for the future. He commented severely upon the vandal act of thé British troops under General Ross in burning thé national archives at Washington. In this connection he introduced the beautiful lines from Milton Lift not thy spear against the Muse's bower The great Emathian conqueror bid spare Thé house of Pindarus, when temple and tower Went to the ground.' In conclusion, Mr. Tupper related an interesting fact, which in his mind suggested what should be to Americaus a pleasing idea-possibly a discovery-as to the origin of the national flag. On making a pilgrimage just lately to Mount Vernon, he was forcibly struck by the circum-stance that the ancient family coat-of-arms of the illustrious Washington consisted of three stars in the upper portion of the shield, and three stripes below the crest represented an eagle's head, and the motto was singularly appropriate to American history, Exitus aota probat.' Mr. Tuppor said he could not but con-sider this a most interesting coincidence. He thougbt the world might well oongratulate America upon being thé Geographical Apotheosis of that gréât unspotted character, who, while he yet lived, was proapectively her typical impersonation. The three stars by a more than tenfold increaso have expanded into thirty-three the glorious Issue bas abundantly vindicated every antécédent fact and your~hole émergent eagle, fully plumed, is now long risen from ita eyrie and soars sub' limely to the sun in heavea. 1 may venture as an end to all this to quote a bit from my home letter. At 6 o'clock, and thereafter till 12,1 was the honoured guest at the enclosed splendid banquet. Our English ambassador sat on one side of the chairman and I on the other the newspaper will save me all the trouble of a long account but it was altogether one of the best triumphs I have ever achieved see the papers. My dinner was very light, terrapinsoup, ~OM~fM ïMa 7~ës, and sweetbread with a deluge of iced water, and very little wine. My two speeches raised whiriwiuds of applause, and took the company by storm. It was a most important opportunity for me, and, by God's help, 1 met it mànfully. AU the prin-cipal people of Maryland were there, besides our own minister with Lady Bulwer in a sideroom and that nice young fellow Lytton and there were many other distinguished strangers. You should hâve heard the shouts and cheers which greeted the points of my speech, and thé after congratulations crowded about me. 1 begin to feel that if I had had common chances 1 should have been an orator. When I kindle up, my steam-horse goes off, and carries all his audience with him. While I was speaking, the people moved up en M Mse, and they gave me three cheers upstanding when I had done. 'Another memorable event was a grand dinner given to Washington Irving and myself, as chief guests amongst others, by Prince Astor at his palatial residence in New York. As for the profusion of gold plate, glittering glass, innumerable yellow wax.caadios in ormolu chandeliers, and général exhibition of splendid aud luxurious extravagance, and all manner of costly wines and rarest gourmandise, I never have seen its like before or since and more than this if I may state the fact without much imputation of vaingloriousness , the intellectual treat was, to my OMMOMr jp?'op 'g at least, of a still more exquisite character, when our host pro-tested to his company in a generous and genial speech -that, if he could make the exchange, he would give ail his wealth for half the literary glory of Washington Irving and 'Martin Tupper 1 We whispered to each other we heartily wished he could. I strangely missed visiting Irving at his own home, though urgently in-vited to it but somehow other pressing engagements hindered, and so it was not to be. On the same day with the Astorian dinner, Mr. Davis, a man of high social position, had urged me to dine with him, but 1 could not come as engaged till the evening. Now he, a local poet himself, had asked me in divers stanzas of fair rhyme and so, not willing either to beat him in versification or to let him beat me, 1 made this epigrammatic reply in dog-Latin, whioh was taken to be rather 'cute Certes, arnica Davis, Ibo quoounque mavis, Sed princeps Astor primo Me rapuit ad prandium Oum me relinquit, imo In me videbis handyum. This skit was well appreciated. I met at his house divers celebrities, as indeed did at many other splendid mansions, especially at thé Mayor's, Mr. Kingaland 1 hear he is thé third personage in rank in the United States, and helivos with the grandeur of our London Lord Mayor. 1 went with. him on the a ad of Maroh 1851 to one of the most magnificent affairs 1 ever attended. Here is an extract from 'my home-letter journal of same date Mr. Kingsland, the Mayor, came early to invite me to a grand day, being the inauguration of the Croton Waterworks. Went off with him at to from the City Hall in a carriage and four followed by forty new omnibuses and four, some with six horses, and caparisoned with coloured feathers and little flags, be-sides a number of private carnages a gay procession, nearly a, mile long, containing all the legislature and magnates of New York State and of the city-several hundreds. They visited in turn divers public institu-tions, and at most of them I had to speak or to recite my ballads, especially at a Blind Asylum, where, after an address from a blind 'lady the name was Crosby , at the request of the Governor of the State and the Mayor, 1 anawered on the spur of the moment in a speech and a stave that took the room by storm, c. c. And so on for other institutions, and to the open-ing of the Croton Aqueduct. But there is no end to this sort of vainglorious recording. As Willis says in his Home Journal at the time, Mr. Tupper is among us, feeling his way through the wildernesa of his laurels, and realising his share of Emerson's 'banyan' simili-tude,-thé roots that have passed under the sea and come up on this side of the Atlantic rather smothering him with their thriftiness in republican soil. 1 sup-pose by thriftiness he meant tbriyingness. My first acquaintance with N. P. Willis arose in this way. He had as I have mentioned before beon in the habit of quoting month after month in his own paper passages from my Proverbial Philosophy, believing that book to be an obscure survival of the Shakespearean era, and that its author Lad been dead some three cen-turies. When he came to town, 1 called upon him at his lodging near Golden Square, walking in plainly MMM tambour et trompette, but simply announcing the then young-looking author as his old Proverbialist t 1 never saw a man look so astonished in my life he turned pale, and vowed that he wouldn't believe that this youth could be his long-departed prophet how-ever, 1 soon convinced him that I was myself, and carried him off to dine in Burlington Street. After-wards we improved into a friendship till he went the way of all nesh in Heaven's good time. Perhaps another notable matter to record is that Presi-dent FiIImore invited me to meet his Cabinet at dinner in the White House, and that 1 there met and conversed im-mensely with Daniel Webster, a colossal unhappy beetle-browed dark-angel-looking sort of man, with a depth for good and ovil in his eye unfathomable also with Home Secretary Corwen, a coarse but clever man, who had been a waggon-driver and with Graham, Secrotary of the Navy, and with Conrad, Secretary at War, both gentle-men and having lofty foreheads and with many more, includmg above all thé excellent President, o. c. It was no small honour to meet such men on equal terms. If 1 allowed myself to quote more from my nrst visit to America, it could only amount to variations of thé samo theme,-the great kindness of all around me to one, however humble, who had shown himself their friend both by tonguo and pen. My books.and my ballads had made the way to their aneottons, and so thé author thereof reaped their love. A little before my departure on this firat visit this notable matter happened, and 1 will relate it in an extract from my last letter homeward. The happy thought occurred to me to call on Barnum, as I had brought him a parcel from BretteH and, through him, to leave a card of respect for Jenny Lind. Barnum received me most graciously, and favoured me with two tickets for Jeuny's concert to-night, whereof more anon. Meanwhile I thought of sending to Jenny, through Barnum, a pretty little copy of 'Proverbial Philo-sophy,' with a pretty little note,-whereof also more auoD. Called .on Edwards by good providence, and found that J. 0. Richmond had misled me-ho isn't to be married till next week. A nice visit to Major Kingsland and his good wife -I find tbat my oratory bas gone everywhere, and bas made quite a seNsa-tion. Think of my stammering tongue having achieved such triumphs.-I do hope you get thé papers 1 send. A card at Lester's, Union Hôtel, as to Mary M. Chase. -Dined.-A full feast of reason with George Copway, the Redman chief, a gentleman, an author, and a right good fellow. Meeting also Gordon Bennett,' the great New York Heraldist, who sat next me at dinner, when we had plenty. of pleasant talk together alao Squier, the celebrated American Layard, who bas dis-covered so much of Indian archoeology, a small, good-Jooking, mustaohioed, energetio man also Tuoker-man, the amiable poet also Willis, a good sort of man, just now much calumniated for having shown up Eng-lish sooiety in bis books, but a kindly and a clever every way. Mrs. Willis called and carried off Willis, and I took Tuckerman under my wing to the monster concert at Castle Garden. The immense circalar building, full of heads it holds 80001 and lighted by cressets of gas, put me in mind of Martin's illus-tration of Satan's Throne in Milton 1 The concert, as per programme, was a cold and dull affair enough,-though Lind did terrible heights and depths in the Italian exécution liue,-but after the concert! came this beautiful episode. Barnum hunted me out from the two or three acres of faces,-because the fair and melodious Jenny had expressed to him an urgent wish to see me. When I got to her boudoir, where Barnum introduced me, 1 really thought she would have cried outright,-as feel-ihg herself a stranger in a foreign land, and in the pre-sence of an old unseen book-friend for it seems,-as she told me in beautiful slightly broken English,-that my poor dear Proverbial Philosophy,which 1 never thought she had seen till 1 gave it to her,-bas been to her 'such a comfort, such a comfort, many days ' and she was 'so glad, so ver glad,' to see me, and she looked so unhappy,-though the immense hall was still echoing with those tumults of applause,-and she clasped my hand so often, and would hardly let it go, and made me sit and talk with her, for 1 was her friend,' and really seemed like a child clinging to its elder brother. 1 was quite sorry to leave her,-and wheu, putting aside all idle musical compliments, 1 tried to cheer her by the thought,-how nobly and generously for many good purposes she was using the melodious gift of God to her, poor Jenny on!y looked up devoutly, and shook her head, and sighed, and seemed unhappy. However, it was time to go, so with another hearty shake-hands, and 'my love to dear England,' Jenny Lind and 1 took leave. This testimony as to my book's good use for comfort,-sho will read more now she sees me, is very pleasing,-it ia much to do poor Jeuny good, who does good to so many others. 1 think l've for-gotten to say that great old Webster, the Secretary of State, avows that lie always after hard work re eshes his mind' with that book and-I might fill volumes with the same sort of thing. God has blessed my writ-ings to millions of the human race 1 And from prince to peasant good has been done through this hand, in-calculable.-God alone be praised. AFTBB thé long interval of five-and-twenty years, filled up with many more such volumes and fly-leaves, 1 called 'again by pressing invitation on my. American oonatituency, and found them as warm and generoua and hospitable as before. This time I was six months a guest among thom,-literaUy so, for 1 found myself paased on from home to home, and almost never took my bed at an hotel. The chief feature of this visit was that I posed everywhere as a public reader from my own works, and met with generally good success, in spite of the terrifie winter weather manfully encountered half the time. Everybody knows what extremities of cold are endured both 'in the North-Eastern States and in Canada. At Baltimore 1 have seen the snow piled almost man-high on each side of the middle lane dug for the tramway,-in New York men skated to their offices at Ottawa the thermometer was 25° below zéro, and a Montreal it was everywhero deep snow glorious for sieighing , icicles yard long outside the windows,-aud of course emaller audiences to a frozen-up lecturer. Yet many came neverthelesa, and 1 am pleaeed to re-member among them good Bishop Oxeu.den and hia family. In spite, then, of positively Arotio influences, as 1 had to do it, 1 did it bravely and sent home CHAPTER XXXIII. SECOND AMERIOAN VISIT. needfui dollars, and came back with a pocket full too. AU this is surely part of an author's lifework so 1 am writing appositely. Among notabilia of this second visit, which was crowded like thé former with abundance~of private hospitality and of public honours,-I may record these briefly. Dr. Talmage, my kind and liberal host for two lengthened visits, gave a grand reception on October 26, 1876, to William Cullen Bryant and myself, which was attended by Péter Cooper, Judges Neilson and Reynolds, Mayor Schroeder, Professors Crittenden and Eaton, with some hundred More the chief features of the evening being Bryant's poetieal recitations and mine. On another occasion I read my Proverbial Essay on Immortality at the Tabernacle before.7000 people at Dr. Talmage's special request and of course at Chickering Hall, the Brooklyn Theatre, and other places 1 had to give Readings to large audiences. The Lotos Club and other génial hosts gave me complimentary. dinners. Mr. Hulberti' the well-known editor, made a ~oe~e carrée only four of us to consume some of the rarest delicacies for Lord Rosebery, Mr. Barnum and myself and in fact my journal overnows with elaborate hospitalities. It was the Centennial Year, and at Philadelphia 1 found abuu-dant weloome, espeoialiy as an inmate of thé genial homes of Mr. Roberts, the eminent Dr. Levis, the ex-cellent Mrs. Fisher, and of Mr. Pettit, the clever artist who painted my portrait complimentarily. Of course 1 did the Great Exhibition thoroughiy, and was quite surprised at îtà splendour and extent I think that the tbirty-three States were represented by no fewer than l80 ornamental edifices full of special produots and treasures. At Niagara 1 stayed twice for a week eaoh, with the kindest of hosts, the Rev. Mr. Fessenden and his good wife, and saw the great cataract in all the magnificence of winter as well as autumn. AIso at the pleasant homes of Mr. Lister in Hamilton, at Toronto, Kingston, and above all Montreal, my new but old book friends were full of liberal greetings, and everywhere I had to exhibit mysolf as a Reader from my own works a specialty not common, as combining both author and orator. At Toronto, the ministers, Mr.-now Sir John -Maedonald, and Dr.-now Sir Charles-Tupper were my principal welcomers and 1 dined then with thé Cabinet, as in 1851 1 had with Lord Elgin's in I thiuk the same hall. At Ottawa I found myself full of friends, and visited Lord Dufferin. At Montreal the wealthy merchant, Mr. Mackay of Kildonan since departed and gone up higher , was my generous host and there in one of the hardest winters known 1 often tnade acquaiutance with the splendid gallop of his sleighs, all furs and colour and delightfui excitement on one occasion having nearly had nose and ears ost-bitten till my neighbour with his fur gloves and snow rubbed life into them again. With Dr. Dawson pf M'Gill Univorsity 1 had plenty of geological talk, especially about the new found Eozoa of the St. Law-rence stratum,-and with his élever son, and my cousin, Professor Selwyn. Thereafter I went south, the wel-come guest of other cousins, the Vaughan-Tuppers of Brooklyn, among my most hospitable friends over there and we routed out all about our family in Amerioa, as recorded for ton genèrations in Freeman's History of Massaohusetts. And 1 feasted at Mr. Trocke's on trout from Tupper Lake in thé Adirondacks, the namë s CANADA. a?3 eoming from an anoestor, not as after me, though some-times thought so and 1 met with many points both of family and of authorial interest. Then I was enter-tained by thé. New England Society, whiob, amongst abounding luxuries, atill produces as a characteristio dish the frugal pork and beans of Puritan times. And the Century and other Clubs made me free of them. And bf course Longfellow, Bryant, Fielde, Biglow, 0. W. Holmes, and many others, opened their bouses and hearts to me. And'I met and dined in company witn General Grant and all sorts of other celebrities,-and so did ail I hoped to do. Going south, Brantz Mayer at Baltimore, my cousin the Rev. Dr. Tupper Bishop of the Baptists , and many others are memorable. Stay, I will give a casual extract frbm my home-letter, No. 39, ofmy second visit, giving several.names. Jan. 18, i8~, evening. Took an oyster tea at Brantz Mayer's, and read to a party aeveral thinga by request, especially as to the souls of animais. Judge Bond called for me there in his carriage, and toolc me as invited by the President to a grèat assemblage of Baltimore magnâtes inaugurating the John Hopkins University , where 1 had casually quite an ovation, meeting literally hundreds of friends I cannot prétend to remember many names, but these will remind me of others General M'ClelIan, General Ellicott cousin to our Bishop , Carroll, the State Governor, no end of professors, among them Sylvestor, who know my brother Arthur at the Atheneaum, plenty of judges, présidents of institutions, dootors, journalists, lawyers, and many fine ngure-heads of elderly magnâtes each and ail knew me. as an early book friend, ~ndlhad quite to hold a court for two hours, receivingeaoh as introduced, and having to say something pretty to him. Mr. We!d of Lulworth , married to a rich Balti-morean, takes to me monstrousiy, and with Mr. Presi-dent Gilman is going to manage a Reading hère for me on my return from the South. He took me after'the great event to the Maryland Club making me a member for a month , and we had a glasa of wine together, meeting again several of the bigwiga migrated like ourselves for something better than iced-water for the odd thing is that, although the eating luxuries were profuse at this grand banquet,-whole salmons, bolsters of truffied turkey, oysters in every form, and plenty of terrapines, canvasback ducks, and other costly comestibles,-not a drop of anything but water except indeed tea and coffee was to be had, the excuse being that at least sorne of the party would be sure to take too much so ail are muicted for a few as usual. But my American journals are full of that sort of thing, and this honest extract may serve as a sample. 1 never guessed how crowded up by popularities a poor author may be till 1 had crossed the Atlantic and reaped the kindness of Greater Britain. After all this, 1 went down South,-whero 1 hâve seen brilliant humming-birds flying about, some two or three days after 1 had waded through deep snow north-wards my ohief host, and a right worthy one, being a good cousin, S. Y. Tupper, President of the Chamber of Commerce at Charleston, S.C.. With him and hie I had what is called over there a good time, and indtted several poetical pieces under his hospitable roo~ in particular Tempérance seo a former page . AIso 1 wrote there another stave of mine whioh caused gréât discussion in.the States, because I, reputed a Liberian and Emancipator, was supposed to have recanted and turned to be South instead of North but 1 was only just and true, according to my lights. Here is the peccant stave, only to be found in Charleston and other American papers of February 1877, therefore will 1 give it here T~A. The world bas misjudged you, mistrusted, maligned you, And should be quick to make honest amends Let me then speak of you just as I find you, Humbly and heartily, cousins and friends 1 Let us remember your wrongs and your trials, Slander'd and plunder'd and crush'd to the dust, Draining adversity's bitterest vials, Patient in courage and etrong in good trust. You fought for Liberty, rather than Slavery 1 Well might you wish to be quib of tbat ill, But you were sold by political knavery, Meshed in dipJomaoy's spider-like skill And you rejoioe to see Slavery banished, While the free servant works well as before, Confident, though many fortunes'hâve vanished, Soon to recover all-rich as before t Doubtiess, there bad been some hardships and eruelties, Cases exceptionàl, evil and rare, But to tell truth-and truly the jewel 'tis-Kindiiness ruled, as a rule, everywhere 1 Servants, if slaves, were your wealth and inheritanoe, Born with your ohiidren, and grbwn on your ground, And it was quite as muoh interest as merit henoe Still to make friends of dependents all round. Yes, it is slander to say you oppressed them i Does a man squander the prioo of hia pelf 1 Was it not often that he who possessod them Eather was ownedbyhis servante Mmseift 1 Caring for all, as in health so in sicknesses, He was their father, their patriaroh chief Age's infirmities, infanoy's weaknesses Leaning on him for repose and relief. When you went forth in your pluck and your bravery, Selling for freedom both fortunes and lives, Where was that prophesied outburst of slavery Wreaking revenge on your ohiidren and vives ? 1 Nowhere t you left all to servile safe keeping, And this was faithful and true to your trust i Master and servant thus mutually reaping Double reward of the good and the just t Generous Southerners 1 who address you Shared with too many belief in your sins But 1 reoant it,-thus, let nie confess you, Knowledge is viotor and every way wins For 1 have seen, 1 have heard, and am sure of it, You have been slandored and suffering long, Paying ail Slavery's cost, and the cure of it,-And the gréât world shall repent of its wrong. I need not say what a riot that honest bit of verse raised among the enthusiasts on both sides. I spoke from what I saw and soon had reason to corroborate my judgment for I next paid a visit on my old Brook Green achool-friend, Middieton, at his burnt and ruined man-sion near SummerviUe once a wealthy and benevoleut patriarch, surrouuded by a negro population who adored him, all being children of the soil, and not one slave having beén sold by him or bis ancestors for zoo years. Aocording to him, thàt violent émancipation was ruin all round in hia own case a great farm of happy depen-dants was destroyed, the inhâbitants all dead through disease and starvation~a vast estate once well tilled reverted to maish and jungle, and himself and his reduoed to utter poverty,-all mainly beoauso Mrs. Beecher Stowe had exaggerated isolàted ots as if they were gênerai, andbecauseNorth and South quarrelled about politics and protection. Mrs. Stowe, I hear, bas learnt wisdom, as I did,-and now like me does justice to both aides. There is no end to extracts from my journals, if 1 choose to make them but 1 think 1 will transcribe four stanzas which I gave to 'Williams Middleton in February 1877, on my departure, as they bring together past and present Anoient sohoolmate at Brook Green Haïf a century ago Nay, the years that roll between Count some nfty-eight or ao ,-Oh, the scenes 'twixt Now and Then, Life in all ita grief and joys,-Meeting Now as aged men Since the Then that saw us boys 1 There's a charm, a magie strange, Thus to reoognise once more, Changeless in the midst of change Mind and spirit as of yore Even face and form diaoerned Easily and greeted well, While our hearts together burned At sohool-tales we had to tell. Mostly dead, forgotten, gone,-Few old Railtonites of fame Hère and there we noted one , Yat we End ourselves thé same t Sons of 'either hémisphère We oan never stand apart, With to me Oolumbia dear And my England in your heart. So, I corne at sixty-six, 1 may here record that, accompanied by Middleton, I watched at an alligator's hole with a rifle, but the beast would not corne out, perhaps lucidly for me, if 1 missed a stomach shot that I was prevented from bringing down a carrion vulture, it being illegal to kill those usefui scavengers that I caught some dear little green tree frogs that 1 noted how the rice-fields had become a poisonous marah that 1 noticed the extensive strata of guano and fossil bone pits, securing some large dra-gon's teeth, and with them. sundry flint arrow-heads, suggestive of man's autiquity that 1 lamented over the desolation of my friend's mansion and estate, and in particular to have seen how outrageously the Federals had destroyed his family mausoleum, scattering thé saerod relics of his anoestors all round and about. This wàs simply because he had been a Confederate magnate, and had owned patriarchally a multitude of slaves, born on the spot through two centuries. Ho and his kind brother, the Admirai,-my friendly host at Washington, -have joinod the majority elsewhere but 1 heard from him and otbers down South the truth about American-slavery. For remainder rapid notice. Paul Hayne the poet is remembered well and thé fine old great-grand-mother with eighty-six descendants of my name and thereafter came the inauguration of President Hayes, an You, of good old English stock,-I-some kindred of mine own Found themselves on Plymouth Rook, Five times Rfty yeara agone Ail across the Atlantio main, With my kith and kin to mix, And to greet you once again t account whereof 1 wrote to thé English papers and hospitalities at the White House, and records of plenty more Readings and réceptions and all about Edgar Poe at Baltimore, and my acquaintance with Henry Ward Beecher, and my final New York hospitalities, and my pamphlet Amerioa Revisited, written on board the return steamer the Batavia,-and so an end hurriedly. This was my last farewell to my million friends, pub-lished in Bryant's paper -F t~0 1 A last FarewoII-0 many friends 1 1 leave your love with saddened heart And so my grateful spirit sends This answering love before we part 1 thank you tenderly each one, 1 praise your goodneas, dear to tell, And, well-remembered when l'm gone, Alike will yearn on you as well. A last Farewell-0 my few foes 1 1 fear'd you not, by mouth or pen, But to the battle bravely rose, A man to fight his fight with men And though the gauntlet 1 have run You shall not aay he fail'd or fell, Truly reoording when l'm gone, Ëe fought and won his victories well.. My last Farewell-0 brothers both t No foes at all, but friends all round Albeit now homeward, little loth, To dear old England 1 am bound-Accept this short and simple prayer A oheerful verse, no parting bnoU , To every one and everywhere My thankful blei3sing, and FarèweII t I HAVE another vast volume before me, recouuting my English and Scotch Reading Tours, with full détails of innumerable home kindnesses and hospitalities, from Ventnor in the South to Peterhead in the North, which 1 need not particularise. I gave twenty-one Readings from my own Works southward, in a dozen towns-with a regular eM repeM6M?', who was my M~M~ coM~cr everywhere, making all arrangements, placarding, adver-tising, hiring halls, engaging reporters, and the like when all was ready, 1 used to come forward,. as the General does at a review, and then succeeded the sham-fight and division of thespoils of war-if any for, to say truth, our partnership did not prove. lucra-tive, so we parted with mutual esteem, and I resolved to accomplish all the rest of my projected tour alone a great effort and a successful one, for I orated all through Scptiand, from Ayr to Peterhead far north of Aberdeen , often to very large audiences as at Glasgow, whore thé number was said to be three thousand and always to fair ones, the Scotch being muoh more given to litèrature than thé West of England. I could give innumerable anecdotes of the splendid as well as kindly weloome I received from great and small -for as 1 now had no attending agent I was all the more eagerly CHAPTER XXXIV. EN LISH AND SCOTCH BEADINGS. treated as a solitary guest,-and I found mysolf handed on from one rich host to another ail through the land, with numerous book friends everywhere ready and willing to make all arrangements freely at each town and city..So the tour paid botter every way, albeit the toil and excitement of being always to the front, either on platforms or at dinner-parties, was excessive though not exhausting. It is astonishing what one can do if one tries, and if thé sympathy of friends and a really good success are at hand to cheer one. 1 wish there was space here to say more about all this but the great book before me would print up into several volumes. I will only. add, as below, an interesting extract from this diary, just before I had parted with my worthy agent aforesaid He has told me some curious anecdotes abqut eminent artistes whom he has chaperoned, e.y. Thackeray came to Clifton to give four readings on the Georges thé Ërst reading had only three auditors, the second not one so Thackeray went away. Beliew is uncertain sometimes having empty benohes, sometimes overflowing ones, according to the programme, whether serious or laughable. Tom Hood gave a lecture on Humour, which was so dull that thé audience left him. Miss Glyn Dallas oftén reads Cleopatra,' magniûcently too, to empty benches. Sims Reeves draws a vast audience, but sometimes at the last moment refuses to sing probably paying forfeit beoause he is always afraid of something giving way m his throat. Dickens, though with crowded audiences, was not liked, nor nearly so good as Mr. expeotëd t ho oarried about with him a sort of show-box, set round with lights and covered with purple oloth, in the midst of whioh he appeared in full evening costume with bouquet in button-hole, and, as Mr. said, very stiS' Mr. haa just engaged Madame Lemmens Sherrington and six others for sixty-throo concerts at a cost of ~4000, for he says that good music after low humour is the best thing to pay. May his spirited spéculation prosper t Thus much for my quotation of Mr. -s experiences. It may interest a reader if 1 give, quite at haphazard, a list of one of my readings Weloome Adventure Yesterday, To-day, and To-morrow AH's for the Best Energy Success Warmth Be True Of Love Thé Lost Arctic Thé Way of .the World Cheerfulness. AU these may be found in my Miscellaneous Poems and Proverbial Philosophy. I varied the programme-of about an hour and a hait each sometimes two -fre-quently through my nfty readings on this side of the Atlantic, as well as through my hundred over there. How strange that the stammerer should hâve so.beoome thé orator t-1 thank God for this. Before a final end to this brief record of my home-readings, 1 will add another page of short extracts from thisdiary Il Though Icontinually read for nearly two hours at a atretch and that somotimes twice a day too 1 take no intervals, and hardly anything but 'a sip of water. Energy and électrical effort are stimulants enough. Il I always exert mysolf quite as muoh for few as for many perhaps more so. No one ever can read well or hold his audience if he doesn't feel what he reads. Some of the olergy are no groat iriends of mine one told me to-day that perpétuai dearly beloved brethren had spoilt him for éloquence, and he didn't care to hear mine.' This was at Salisbury, in a coffee-room. Cathedral towns are aiways dùllest and least sympathetic with lecturing laymen for example, at Bristol, Salisbury, Worcester, Gloster, and the like. Are the clerics jealous of lay spouters~ 1 Dissenting ministera and Presbyterians seem far more genial. 1 travelled about fifteen hundred miles by rail, besides coaches and carriages. My aggregate of paying hearers was about sixteen thousand, the bulk being old book-likers. The gain was nearly four times as much as the cost, good hospitality having been the ruie. 1 read publicly private readings additional, as often asked after dinners, c. twenty-nine proverbial essays and thirty-eight poems repeated according to popularity by request to two hundred. I only do not name aome of my generous Scotch and English hosts for fear of seeming to have forgotten others by omission and the list is too lengthy for full 'insertion as also is the long story of'my adventures and experiences in thé hospit-ableNorth. MiSCBiLLANBOUS POEMS. Before dismissing thus curtly my great Scottish ex-ploit which, by the way, anticipated by three years my second Amerioan visit, but 1 would not disjoin that from my nrst 1 ought to give some account of the publica-tion of my Miscellaneous Poems by Gall Inglis at Edinburgh, and of some few of the hospitalities con-nected thorewith, though not revealing domesticities, as against my wholesome rule. An odd thing happened to me at Mr. Inglis's dinner-table.'where Imet sevoral literary colebfities. 1 had, just read, and was loud in my praisûs of a then anony-mous work, Primeval Man Unvëilod, and 1 asked my neighbour, an aged man, if he knew that extraordihary book ? Whereupon the whole table saluted thé ques-tioner with a loud guffaw for I was speaking to its author, whom 1 had innocently so bepraised. However, my mistake was easily forgiven, as may be imagined. I found that the said author was Mr. Inglis'a near rela-tive, Mr. Gai!so my new publisher and I were.imme-diately en ~0!ppor . There are two simultaneous éditions of this book of my poetry-one.called the Redlined and the otber thé Landsoape. the first on thick paper, and with eight steel engravings, the latter having every page decorated in colours with beautiful borderings of scenery. The volume contains about one-half or less of all the mass of lyrioa 1 have written, some of the pieces having been in earlier books of my poetry, as Ballads and Poems,, Cithara, Lyrios of the Heart and Mind, Hactenus, A Thousand Lines, c. o. and they date, though not printed in systematic order, from my fifteenth year to beyond my sixtietb. Fly-leaf lyrica have been con-tinually growing ever-since now to my seventy-sixth. Here are a few further random extracts from my Scotch diary ABBROATH,~Mn~bf. 2, 1873.-What a oomf~rt it is for once to feel utterly unknown for even' my luggage has only a monogram, and here at the White Hart 1 am No. 13, and a commercial gent to all appearance really, it ia quite a relief to bo some one else than Martin Tupper. '~ReadJ. S. Mill's autoUiography poor wretch from his cradle brought up as an atheist by a renegade father, he can have been hardly more responsible for hia no faith thau a born idiot. However, in thèse inndel last , times, and with our very very broad-ohurch and no-church teaohicgs, a man has only to be utterly god'iess so he be moral to make himself a name for pure reason. l'd sooner be the most unenlightened Christian than such a false philosopher. Let a Goldsmith say of me, No very great wit, he believed in a God,' for I refuse to deny one, like the Psalmist's fool. I throw myself so into my readinga, tbat 1 almost forgët my audience, till their cheering, as it were, wakes me up,-and I feel every word I say if I didn't, that word would fall dead. There is a magnetism in earnestness,-an elec-tric power 1 am in a way full of it when reciting, and I am aware of it flowing through the masa of my audience. It was a touching thing to me to hear the aged Mr. B- conduet his family worship, singing like an old Covenanter the harmonious Puritan dirgy hymn, reading thé Bible most devoutly, and praying as only Presbyterians ean pray from the heart and not from a formai Hturgy, earnestly and eloquently he prayed also for me and mine, and I thank God and him for it. My host at Ayr drove me in his wag-gonette to see the mausoleum at Hamilton Palace, with its wonderfui bronze doora after Ghiberti, and its inlaid marble Roor, much of which is of real verd antique in small pieces.' Then we went down among thé dead men, and inspected thé coffins of nearly aU thé Dubea of Hamilton. It is an outrage to have expended ao ~oh ~ 100,000 on this seuselesa mausoleum, and to have left close by and within sigbt of the great Grooian palace thoseBIthycrowded streetsofpovertyand'dis-ease-tho wretohed town of Hamilton-as a contrast to profuse extravagance. The last Duke, the very Lord, Douglas who waa in the same class with me at Christ Church, and is supposed to have personated me in Tom Quad, bas averygracefui temple ofVesta all to him-self, with his bust in the middle his father lies, of all heathonish absurdities, in a real antique Egyptian sar-cophagus, into which it is said he was fitted by internai scoopings, the Duke being taller than its former tenant, thé Pharaoh.. AU this done, we drove through some rugged parts of the High Park, to see magniflcent oaks, much like some at Albury, in hopes of coming upon the famous wild cattle, grey, with black feet, ears, tail, and nose, and stated to be untameable. To our great satisfaction we did see a herd of thirty-four feeding quietly. enough had we been walking instead of driving we might have fared poorly as. hunted ones though 1 confess 1 saw at first no fiercenesa in the lot of them but when the herd sighted us, and began omin-ously to commence encircling our gig, under the guid-ance of a terrible bul! we turned and fled, as the discreeter part of.wisdom Captain Hamilton, my host, telling me that if they charged ua wo must jump out and swarm up a trea t 1 was glad to be out of such a fearful escapade as that. As to diversities in. the Scotch Church, after seeing many cJerical specimens of each.kind,.I.judgo that generally the Established Scotch gives itself the superior airs of the Established English the Frees are the most .intellectual thé. U.P.s most pious thé Scottish Episcopal getting excessively high and some other varieties growing far too broad and pantheistic. 1 don't wonder to hear Fapists say that Protéstantism is breaking up no two parsons are agreed on all points, some on none. As for social hospitalities, 1 found them either splon-did or kindly-or both-eyerywhere and will only name Captain Hamilton of BpzeIIe, Sir Michael Shaw Stewart of Ardgowan, Mr. Boyd of Glasgow, Mr. Gall and Mr. Nelson of Edinburgh, Mr. Arthur of Paisley, and suoh other millionaire hosts as James Baird, William Dickson, and the like, as among my wealthiest and kindest welcomers. Of course, when a guest for a week at Rozelle, 1 paid due homage to Burns in his own territory visiting his natal cottage, his funeral cenotaph, Alloway Kirk, thé Auld Brig, c. c.-all thèse in company with thé mil-lionaire iron-master and most enthusiastio admirer of Tam-o'-Sbanter, Mr. James Baird. When he took me to his magnificent castle hard by, he said to me Ye're vera welcome to ma hoose,and 1 entered to inspect his gallery of pictures among them 1 noticed, with surprise atsuoh an incongruous subject for a painting, an ugly red factory in course of building, and a man on a ladder leaning against it, with a hod on his shoulder. To my inquiry about this, he replied, Yon's mysol', -Fm proud to say that's what I was, aud this is what 1 am. He had made, while yet a workman, some dis-covery about cold blast or hot, blast I don't know which and gained enormous wealth thereby. He is the man who gave half a million of money to the Scotch Established Churcb. 1 HAVE something of interest to aay abput thé first laying of the electric telegraph across the Atlantic. Sir Culling Eardley invited a number of savants, among them Wheatstone and Morse, and others, both English and American, to a great feast inaugurating the com-pletion of the câble and I, amongst other outsiders, had the honour of being asked. I had written, and after dinner I read, the verses following, which had the good and gréât effect of originating the first message see the seventh stanza which was adopted by acclama-tion and sent off at once boing only preceded, for courtesy-sake, by a short friendly greetiug from Queen to President, and President to Queen. Thé heading runs in my book as The Atlantic Telegrapb. CHÂFTERXXXV. ELEOTBIOS. Worid 1 what a wonder is this, Grandly and simply sublime,-Ail the Atlantio abyss Leapt in a nothing of timé 1 Even the ateeds of the aun Haïf day panting behind, In the flat race that ia run, Won by a .flash of the mind 1 Lo 1 on this aensitive Hnk-It is one link, not a ohain-Man with hia brother oan think, Spanning the breadth of the main, Man to his brother oan speak Swift as the boit from a oloud, And where its thunders were weak There his least whisper is loud Yea for as Providence wills, Now doth intelligent man Conquer material ills, Wrestling them down as he can,-And by one weak little ooil Under the width of the waves, Distance and Time are his spoil, Fotter'd as Caliban slaves l Ariel ?-right through the sea We oan fly swift aa in air ¡ Puok 1-forty minutes shall be Sloth to the bow that we bear Hère is Earth's girdle indeed, Just a thought-oirolet of nre,-Delioate Ariel freed Sings, as she nies, on a wire 1 Courage, 0 servants of light, For you are safe to snoceed ¡ Lo you are helping the Right, And shall be Mest in your deed. Lo you ahall bind in one band, Joining the nations as one, Brethren of every land, Blessing them under the sun 1 This is Earth's pulse of high heaith Thrilling with vigour and heat, Brotherhood, wisdom and wealth, Throbbing in every béat ¡ But you muât watoh in gdod sooth Lest to false fever it swerve,-Touoh it with tenderest truth As thé worid's exquisite nerve t Another Electric poem of mine called The First Message, also in Gall's édition, was sent over by tele-graph to America. What a miserable muddle, by thé way, those meddlesome revisers have made of The Angel's Message -preferring a dubious sigma to a comma, they have utterly spoilt that sublime trilogy by making Peace upon earth, goodwill towards men, read Peace upon earth among men in whom he is well pleased. How clumsy and how ungrammatical, in whom 1 The whole dear Bible bas beon terribly damaged by their 36,000 needless alterations in the New Testament not 100 having been really necessary , and I know not how many more myriads in the Old, but happily their Version falls dead, and will soon bo as forgotten as Dr. Conquest's Bible with 20,000 ementlations, whereof 1 now possess a somewhat scarce copy in the library at Albury. I have loss than no patience with those principally clerical revisers albeit for their chairman, Dr. Ellicott, 1 retain a, pleasant memory from Orkney recollections in old days. t But this ia a digression, wrung from me by my righteous wrath against those who have done their worst to spoil for us The Angel's Message, the 6tst word uttered by the telegraphio wire under the sea. Let the first message aoross-High-hearted Commerce, give heed-NotbeofproËtorIoss, But one eleotrio indeed Pr~ise to the Giver be given, For that He giveth man skill, Glory to God in the Heaven l Peaoe upon earth, and goodwill 1 Returuing to the subjeot of Eleotrics I have something of interest to say which will be news to my readers. One day when casually dipping into Addison's Spectator at Albury, I made the following discovery which I recorded in the newspapers at the time, and give the extract now fully as thus In thé a~ist No. of Addison's ~pec~o?', bearing date Thursday, December 6th, 1711, and as signed fi C. one of the letters of the mystié OEio , by the great Joseph Addison himself, oecurs the following remarkable anticipation of our presumably most modern diacoyery. Those who have access to the London edition of the Spectator of i8~.f, published by J. J. Chidiey, 123 Aldersgate Street, can verify the verbatim faithfulness of thé following extract from page 274 Strada, in one of his Prolusions Lib. II. prol. 6 , gives an account of a chimerical correspondence between two friends by the help of a certain loadstone, which had such virtue in it, that if it touched. two several needles, when one of the needles so touched began to move, the other, though at never so great a distance, moved at the same time, and in the same manner. He tells us that the two friends, being each of them pos-sessed of one of those needles, made a kind of dial-platë, inscribing it with four-and-twenty letters, in the same manner as the hours of the day are marked upon the ordinary dial-plate. They then nxed one of the needles on eaoh of these plates in such a manner that it could move round without impediment, so as to touch aay of the, four-and-twenty letters. fi Upon their separating from one another into distant countries, they agreed to withdraw themselves puno-tually into their closets at. a certain hour of the day, and to converse with one another by means of this their in-vention. Accordingly, whon they were some hundred miles asunder, each of them shut himself up in his closet at the time appointed, and immediately cast his eye upon his dial-plate. If he had a mind to write anything to his friend, he directed his needle to every letter that formed the words which he had occasion for, making a little pause at the end of every word or sentence, to avoid confusion. The friend in the meanwhile saw his own sym-pathetic needle moving of itself to every letter which that of his correspondent pointed at. By this means they talked together across a whole continent, and con-veyed their thoughts to one another in an instant over cities or mountains, seas or deserts. If Monsieur Scudery, or any other writer of romance, had introduoed a necromancer, who is generally in the train of a knight-errant, making a present to two lovera of a couple of these above-mentioned needles, the reader. would not have been a little pleased to have seon them corresponding with one another when they were guarded by spies and watchers, or. separated by castles and adventures. Il In the meanwhile, if ever this invention should be revived or put in praotioe, 1 would propose that upon the lovor's dial-plate there should be written not only the four-and-twenty letters, but several entire words which have aiwaya a place in passionate epistles, as ûames, darts, die, language, absence, Oupid, heart, oyes, hang, drown, and the like. This would very much abridge the lover's pains in this way of writing a letter, as it would enable him to express the most usefai and significant words with a single touch of the needle.-C. Thus far Addison, a hundred and seventy years ago, and Strada whoever he may be, for ordinary bio-graphical dictionaries ignore him , perhaps fifty before him, and the two unknown experimentalists, perhapa twenty beyond that, making iu ail two hundred and forty or fifty years ago as the date of electrical in-vention whereof we Bée no further mention in the Spectator. But is it not aiso among the Century of the Marquis of Woreester'B Inventions ? -as is pos-sible the scarce volume is not near me for reference. Let the curious reader who can, turn to it and see. Meanwhile, how strangely Addison and Strada have anticipated the dial-plate, and thé needles, and the letters, and the short forma for common words, all so familiar to our telegraphists. Verily there is nothing new under the sun. Extract from my Archive-book, No. 8. Date October 15. i~6. was again an electric guest, this time at the Great Albion dinner Liverpool to Mr. Morse, whom 1 had met at Erith and in America. A day or two afterwards 1 sent him a letter of invitation to Albury, enclosing the sonnet below and not knowing his London address 1 posted it to my brother Charles in London for him to read and forward. Lucky enough that 1 did s6, for Mr. Morse had just sailed for America so Charles had both prose and poetry telegraphed to him in New York, -and the Company would not charge any money for it 1 This is perhaps the only time a sonnet ever travelled by telegraph, and certainly the only time it ever so travelled gratis. Hère it is, for which I had a very complimentary and grateful note from Samuel F. B. Morse, as an ardent admirer, c. As never in print till now, I trust it will be-acceptable to my readers. Mr. Morse's pub-lished speech was religiously high-minded and true-hearted, as indicated in the sonnet. To .P~MOf JMM'M, M pleasant memory of Oo 0~ 10, 18~6, Albion. A good and generous spirit ruled the hour ¡ Old jealousies were drowned in brotherhood, Philanthropy rejoiced that skill and power, Servants to science, oompasa ail men's good And over all Religion's banner stood, Vpheld by thee, true Patriarch of the plan Which in two hémisphères was aohemed to shower Meroies from GoD on universal man. Tes, this eleotrio ohain from East to West More than mere métal, more than Mammon can, Binds us together kinsmen, in the béat As moat aSeotionate and frankest bond, Brethren at one, and looking far beyond The world in an eleo.tno union Mest. CHAPTER XXXVI. THE RIFLE A PATRIOTIO PROPHEOY. THBRE is an extinct pamphlet, now before me, pub-lished by Routledge in 1860, entitled The Rifle Move-ment Foreshown in Prose and Verse from 1848 to the Present Time,from my pen,-whieh proves that, in conjunction with my friend Evelyn and a few others, 1 may justly claim to hâve originated that cheap de-fence of England, at Albury, more than a dozen years before it was thought of anywheré by any one eise. Take the trouble to read the following longish extract from the fifth edition of the above, aud please not to omit the leash of ballads wherewith it ends. And now, next, about this Rifle pamphlet. Evéry page carries ite date honestly, and several very curiously. In some of the editions there appears a rifle ballad of mine, written in 1845, and published in 1846 in the first issue of my Ballads and Poems-Hall Virtue with the strange title Rise Britannia, a Stirring ~S'o~~M'P~~o~t~ the Year 1860 an anticipation by fourteen years of the actual date of the Rifle Move-ment. lu ail the editions, the papers on 'Cheap So-curity' boing Talks between Naaman Mun' a Quaker , Till a commercial gont , Doit a philanthropist , Fun-ker an ordinary unwarlike paterfamilias , and a certain Tom Wydeawake patriotio but peculiar oontain de-tailed allusions, though written several years before any definite existence, to the National Rifle Association, and to exactly such annual prize gatherings of riflemen as those at Wimbledon Cominon and Brighton Downs, and this latest at Blaokheath. The discouragements of Tom Wydeawake and his few compeers were remark-able. He himself might fairly have claimed the honours of origination, disoussed some two or three years ago, but he left them to others-~tc vos non vobis, c. Without mentioning names, several-since distin-guished as prominent in Rifledom-were once to my certain knowledge, and still to be evidenced by their extant letters, bitterly opposed to the whole movement, -and 1 cannot conclude thèse remarks better or more appositely than by adding here, with real dates, the three following ballads, which tell their own tale briefly and suggestively. 1 print them here, as they are now to be found nowhere else. The first, published in newspapers during June 1859 following several others of a like character, with my namo or without it , was the origin of the Volunteers motto-being headed 2?~?MOM MM~. Nearer the muttering thunders roll, Blaoker and heavier frowns the sky,-Yet our dauntless English soul Faces thé storm with a steady eye ¡ Hande are strong where hearts are stout ¡ Our rifles are ready-look out l No one wishes the atorm tô roll here-No one oares suoh a devil to raise,-And in brotherhood, not in fear Only for peaoe an Englishman prays,-Yet he may shout in thé midst of the rout, Our rifles are ready-look out t Keep to your own, like an honest man, And here's our hand, and here's our heart, Let the world see how wisely you can Play to the end a right neighbourly part,-But if misohief ia oreeping about, Our rifles are ready-look out t No'deSance is on our lips, Nothing but kindliness greets you here ¡ Still, in the storm our dolphin ships Round the Eddystone dart and steer,-And on shore-no doubt, no doubt-Our rifles are ready-look ont Not Defianoe, but only Defenoe, Hold we forth for humanity's saké,-And, with the help of Omnipotence, We shall stand when the mountains quake Only in Him our hearta are atout Our rifles are ready-look ont! A ~~MM~ K' Albury ~M~. A rhyme for the Club, for the brave little Club That stoutly went forward when others held baok, And, reokless of many a sneor and a snub, Steer'd manfully straight upon Duty's own tack,-Though qnarrelBomo peaoemongers did their small worst In spite of their toùgnes and in spite of their teeth, We stood up for England among the few first, With rifles and targets on Surrey Blackheath t Time was when Tom Wydeawake, ten years agone, Toil'd to arouse dull old Britain betimes, By example-he ehouldered his rMe alone, By preoepi-he showered his letters and rhymes,-With bullets he peppered old Sherborne'a hillaido, With ballads and articles worried the Press,-The more he was snaor'd at, the strocger he tried, And would not be satisfied short of Suooess. And now is his Fanoy thé front of the van, And England an archer, as in the past years, And stout middle age carries arms like a man, And all the young fellows are amart Volunteers And Herbert, and Elcho, and Spencer, and Hay, And Mildmay, and all the best names in the land On a national soale aohieve grandly to-day What Wydeawake sohemed with his brave little band f Then oheers for the Queen for the Club t and the Corps t For Grantley, and Evelyn, an4 Sidmouth, and all ¡ With Franklin, and Mangles, and six dozen more, The first to spring forth at Britannia's call I And long may we live with ail peaoeably hère-For olive,'not laurel, is GIory's true wreath-But if the wolf cornes, he had botter keep olear Of a Club of crack shots upon Surrey BIaokheath JMyiSëo. And the third is a small record of our Easter .Mon-day's Review, 1864, alluding to the present universality of the Rifle Movement contraatod with its originally small beginnings on the same spot. Surrey ~a!c~ t A. Surrey Blackheath 1 old scene of beginnings Humble enough some dozen years baok, Gather to-day s rich harvest of winninge, Sprung of that sowing in Memory's traok Reap your revenges in honour and pleasure -Thousands of riflemen arm'd to'the teèth-Orowds by ten thousands, in holiday leisure, Throng the wild beauties of Surrey Blaokheath 1 Wo were the nrst our rifles to shoulder, First to wake England though voted a bore First in this nation who roused her, and told her She muet go arm'd to bo safe, as of yore 1 Those were the days before corps and their drilling, When the true patriot was oheok'd with a snub, So, on Blaokheath, devotedly willing, Stood your first rinemen-Albury Club 1 Yes, we stood ~M, in spite of their coidness, Duty's first marksmen-whate'er should betide,-Conquering Sucoess-thé sure fruit of boidness-World-witnessed now by this field-day of pride 1 And though they laugh'd at Tom Wydeawake's fttnoies, Olives and laurels combine in his vreath For, the worid's peaoe-in England's and Franoe's-Sprung of that sowing on Surrey Blackheath AfafcA s, 1864. Lord Lovelace will remember how much he opposed our rifle-elub,-as in those days illegal, and 8o the Lord-Lieutenant of Surrey might not sanction it but now his Lordship is our leading volunteer. Besides the three ballads above, I wrote seven others which rang round the land, and some of them, as Hurrah for the Rifle, and In days long ago whan old England was young, have been sung at Wimbledon and other gatherings. It may be worth while, soeing thé ballads are hope-lessiy out of print, if 1 here transcribe a few stanzas' from divers other staves 1 penned in the early days of Rifledom. First, from Rise, Britannia, before men-tioned, which was written and printed in 18~.6, and then headed,. by a strange anticipation, a stirring song for patriots in the year 1860 reproduced in my now extinct Cithara, in !863 1 wrote it to be sung to the tune of Wha wouldna feoht for Oharlie even as afterwards 1 adapted my In days long ago when old England was young to Thé roast-beef of old England, published with my own illustration by Oocks Co. Bise t ye gallant youth of Britain, Gather to your oountry'6 oall, On your hearts her name is written, Rise to help her, one and all l Cast away eaoh feud and faction, Brood not over wrong nor ill, Rouse your virtues into action, For we love our country still, Hail, Britannia t bail, Britannia l Raise that thrilling shout once more, Rise, Britannia rule, Britannia 1 Conqueror over sea and shore After three stanzas which 1 will omit, the laat is Bise then, patriots t name endearing,-Flock from Sootland's moors and dales, From the green glad fields of Erin, From the mounta.in homes of Walea,-Rise 1 for sister England oalls you, Rise our commonweal to serve, Rise t while now the song enthrals you Thrilling every vein and nerve,-Hail, Britannia t hail, Britannia 1 Oonquer, as.thou didst of yore ¡ Rise Britannia t rule, Britannia 1 Over every sea and shore Another noted alaj-um, sounded in January 1852, commences thus Englishmen, up t make ready your rifles 1 Who can tell now what a day may bring forbh 1 Patoh up all quarrels, and stick at no triËea,-Let the world seo what your loyalty's worth 1 Loyalty!-selûshness,powardioe,terror Stoutly will multiply loyalty's aum, When to astonish presumption and error Soon the shout rises-the brigands are ooine '~ After four stanzas of happily unfulfilled prognostica-tion, the last is-Up then and arm t it is wisdom and duty We are too tempting a prize to be weak Lo, what a pillage of riches and beauty, Glories to gain and revenges to wreak t Run for your rifles, and stand to your drilling Let not the wolf have his will, as he m~ht, If in the midst of their trading and tilling Englishmen oannot-or care not to-fight One only stanza more, the last of another also in 1832. Arm then at once t If no one attaok us Botter than well, for the rifle may rust ¡ But if the pirates be coming to saok us, Level it oaMy, and od be your trust t Oniy, while yet there's a moment, keep steady Skilfully, duteously, quiokly prepare,-Then with a nation of riflemen ready, Nobody'11 come because no one will dare In those days of a generation back, so gréât was the scare everywhere of Napoleon's rabid colonels a-coming that 1 remember my brother Arthur counselling me to sink our plate down a well for safety and Mr. Drum-mond in a pamphlet exhorted thé cre,ation of refuges round the coast by getting the owners of mansions to fortify them as strongholds, filling the windows with grates and mattresses, and loopholing garden-walls for shots at marauders on the roads 1 Yet, so sloepy was the British Lion that neither Drummond. nor I, nor even the ~MM, whieh 1 invoked, could wake him up for many years and the Volunteer movement did not take effeot till Louis Napoleon kindly urgod Palmerston to check his'rabid colonels by a bold front of preparation. 1 am minded to finish with a mild anecdote which carries its moral. Now, understand that I never pre-tended to be a crack shot, thougli 1 did make fair practice through the Indian twist, thé sling support-ing one's arm if 1 hit the target occasionally, 1 was aa.tis6ed. But it once happened at Teignmouth, where 1 was a casual visitor that, seeing a squad of volunteers praotisiDg at a mark on the beach, 1 went to look on, and was courteously offered a shot, being not unknown by fame to some of them. The target was at some goc~ yards say about a third of a mile , so it was not likely 1 could hit it, with a chance rifle, perhaps carelessly sighted yet, when I did let fly, to the loud admiration of the others and to my own astonishment which of course 1 did not reveal , the marker signallod for a buR's eye 1 Entreated to do it again, this prudent rifleman modestly declined, for he remembered Sam Slick's lucky shot at the floating bottle it was manifestly his wisdom not to risk fame won by a fluke. So the moral is, don't try to do, twice what you've done well once. A WORD or two about autographs, surely a topic suit-able to this book in fact, 1 hâve sometimes preferred to spell it authorgraphs most publie men are troubled nowadays with this sort of petty homage, and 1 more than suspect that some collectors make merchandise of them my valuable collection being often the form in which strangers solicit the flattering boon. Once I bad a queer proof as to the money value of my own,-as thus 1 went quite casually into an auctioneer's in Piccadilly, to a book-sale a lot of sorne half-dozen volumes were just being knocked down for nexf to nothing such is our deterioration in these newspaper days when the wielder of Thor's fateful hammer, dis-satisfied at the price, asked for the lot to look at,-and coming amongst others to a certain book with hand-writing in it, said, UWhy, here's one with Martin Tupper's autograph,on which a buyer called out, l'il give you eightoenpenoemore for that,suggestive to me of my auction value,-M 1 have sometimes said. If, however, the more than hundreds thousands 1 hâve been giving for thèse fifty years, really have so easily gratified friends known or unknown, I am glad to be in that way so much a gainer. Amerioans in partioular ask frequently, and sometimes with wisely enolosed CHAPTER XXXVII. AUTOGRAPHS AND ADVERTISEMENTS. stamped and addressed envelopes, which is a thing both consideratè and praiseworthy but a very different sort and not easily to be excused are those who send registered albums by ppst for one's handwriting, ex-peeting to hâve them returned similarly at no small cost. Longfellow told me of this kind of young lady taxation, and mentioned that he once had to pay twelve shillings for a registered return quarto. I dare say that our popular Laureate has had similar. experiences. The most wholesale order for my signature was at New York in 1851, when at a party there my perhaps too exacting hostess put a large pack of plain cards into my hand, posted me at a corner table with pen and ink, and natteringly requested an autograph for each of her 100 guests 1 of course, even this was graciously con-ceded,-though rather too much of a good thing, I thought. 'There is wisdom somo have hinted to me in pre-ferring a card to a sheet of paper not only beoause 1 I promise to pay might possibly be written t extra over one's signature, but also because and far more pro-bably any speèial fad, politioal, social, or. religious, might be added above-to all seeming-your written approbation e.g., I was told in Amprica that myauto-graphed opinion in favour of Unitarianism had been so. seen at Boston. Some zealots for a cause oven go so far as that. My saie course is to write the hand-writing of So-and.so, where from total ignorance of my correspondent 1 cannot honestly say I am truly Il yours. Other forms of authorial homage are to. be met with in ~he way of complimentary photographs, and oil or, u. water-colour portraits. Like all other book ceJebrities, 1 have had to stand for minutes or.sit for days, dozens of times and seeing that, wherever I have been on my Reading Tours, on this side of the Atlantic or the other, photographie Il artists hâve continually solicited the honour, the result bas been that 1 used to keep. a a book of horrors, proving how variously and oftetitimes how vulgarly one's features oomo out when the impartial sun portrays them. As with the contradictory critiques about one's writings,so also is it with the conflicting apparitions of comeliness or ugliness in the heliotyped exploits of different-some of them indiSerent-pho-tographers. Several, however, hâve suéceeded well with me as Sarony in New York, Elliott Fry of Baker Street and Brighton, Negretti Zambra at the Crystal Palace, and divers others but one need not reckon up our failures, as Brummell's valet has it. As to the several oil portraitures of me, there is extant a splendid full-length of myself and my brother Dan, with large frilledcol!ars and the many-buttoned suits of the day, when we were severally ten and nine years old, now hanging at Albury, painted by my great-uncle, Arthur WDliam Devis, the celebrated hisL toncal painter this haa been exhibited among works of the British old masters in Pall Mal . Also, there is one by T. W. Guillod, in my phase as an author attwenty-seven auother is by thé older Piokers-gill, so dark and laoking in Oaucasian comeliness that the engraving there om in one of my books makes me look like a nigger, insomuch that some Abolitionists olaimed me as ail the more their voùrite for my Mack btood 1 On thé other hand, Mr. Edgar Williams bas made me much too norid 'while recently that rising young artist, Alfred Hartley, bas caught my true like-ness, and bas depicted me aptly and well, as may now be seen in the pieture-gallery of the Crystal Palace. Then Mr. Willert Beale Walter Maynard by literary nom de pinceau et de ~~MMM, for he is both a painter and an author has lately portrayed me in crayons, Hfe-sized, an unmistakable likeness and years ago Monsieur Rochard, in a large water-coloured drawing, made me look very French, quite a jpe~-MM~e, in which dis-guise 1 was engraved for some book of mine all the above, except Rochard's, having been done com-plimentarily. In America Mr. Pettit's life-sized oil portrait is the most noticeable. Two queer anecdotes 1 must give about another form of author-worship to which we poor vain mortals. are occasionally exposed, viz., what Pope called in Belinda'a case Thé Rape of thé Look. I can remember as once byLady-inLondon more than one suoh ravish-ment attempted if not accomplished but most espeoi-ally was 1 in peril at the Philadelphian Exhibition when three duennaa who guarded some lady exhibitors too modest to ask themselves pursued a certain individual, scissors in hand, like Clotho, Lachosis, and Atropos in vain hope of sheared tresses had they beon, like many of our American sisters, both juvénile and lovely, very possible Bucbossmight have orowned their daring or, instead of the three aeduotivë grâces, had they posed as three inteHeotual muses, I.might haveSuooumbed but leash of fates obligod a rapid retreat. And for a second queer anecdote take this a'cuto negro barber had persuaded me to have my hair eut, to which'sug-gestion, as it was hissing hot weather, 1 agreed. He had a neat little shop close to a jeweller's next morning I passed that shop and noticed my name placarded there, surrounded by gold lockets, for that cunning nigger and his gilded friend were making a rich harvest of my shaved curls. Sambo can be as sharp as Jona-than, when a freeman, if he likes. Interviewing is another sort of homage nowadays to popular authorship in America it is very rife,-and I never came to any city but, immediately on arriva!, two or three représentatives of opponent editors would call, and very courteousiy request to be allowed to turn me inside out, and then to report upon me 1 only remem-ber one or two cases which I will not specify wherein my inquisitor was not all 1 could hâve wished, or treated his patient victim more unkindly than perhaps a venial native humour might make necessary. Almost always the scribes were fair and gentlemanly. And in next morning'a papers it was a pleasing excitement to find that one's extorted opinions on all manner of topics-social, religious, and politioal-were published by tons of thousandsin connicting newspapers, which took partisan views of the obiter c~M!~ of an illustrious being. 1 have many of these recorded conversations and comments thereon pasted down in the scrap-books aforesaid. In England, also, one does not escape and indeed the pleasure of being examined for publication is hera less mixed for on this side 'of the Atlantio it bas been found dangerous t report what might be damaging to a man socially or financially although, however, no judicial notice is taken of ridicule or false critioism and therein an author however little he may care for it can be libellëd to any extent and without all remedy. Not but that some of the society papers have treated my unworthinesa generously enough,-in particular, Edmunds' World, wilich, with too great severity and too little justice, has been taught to tell all truths oharitably, if smartly, and therefore 1 was glad to welcome his pleasaut acoredited interviewer, Mr. Becker, a year or two ago at Albury, who compliments me, not quite accurately perhaps, on good looks and a passion for heart's-eases. Also, the gentleman who represents the Glasgow JMOE~ did his work wisely and kindly and Mr. Meltzer of the ~VeM' Yo~ ~fe~aM and 1 might name some others, not excepting my Sydenham iriend, Mr. Leyland, who lately wrote a very pleasant paper about me at Norwood for a Philadelphian journal. As TO ÂDVERTISINCt. A word about advertisements, surely an authorial topic. The absurdly extravagant profusion in whioh thousands of pounda are now being continually flung away in advertising, is one which was nèver approved by me, and as long as' my books remained in print, at ~7 suggestion they all got sold without it. At present there are almost none in the market except Proverbial Philosophy, my Poems, Stephan Langton, and Dramas, and these still live and sell as before, after a silent life of many years. 1 suppose advertisiag must answer, or it would not be persisted in and oertainly thé news-papers that chiefly live thereby exhort all, to orowd their columns, if they,wish to win fortune but how the perpétuai and reiterated obtrusion of, auch single words as Oopack, or Syndicatea, or Beecham's Pills, or Argosy Braces, or Grateful and Ooinfortiag, c. 6., can prbve seductive baits, 1 do not see nor feel the shamoless amount of space they 611 in our newspapers, and especially the impertinent way in which thëy intrude upon us while reading, as interleaved into books and magazines, so entirely disgusts me that 1 have often de-claréd 1 would rather go without tea, coffee, tobacco, or snuff this is a phrase, for the two latter 1 abomi-nate than deign to patronise those persistent advertisers A, B, 0, D, or E. And yet 1 do know a splendid church at Eastbourne wholly built of pills, and Professer Holloway's ointment has produced a palatial institute, and another wholesale advertiser tells me he spends ~30,000 a year on notices and paragraphs, to gain there-by ~'50'ooo'ssd so one cannot but. acquiesce in Car-lyle's cynical dictum, so cruelly alluded to by Deau Stanley in his funeral sermon at .Westminster, that there are in our community 26,000,000, mostly fools, otherwise how can folks be weak enough to be forced to pay for goods, or bads, merely by dint of, réitération ? 1 There is, however, one form of advertisement which I have found to pay,-and that is not praise, but abuse. A certain article, written as 1 was told by Alario Watts, and stigmatising my readera as idiots, and their author as a bellman, was said to have actually sold off 3000 copies at a run and Hep-worth Dixon's attack in some other paper-1 for-get the name-was so lucrative to me in its results that 1 entreated him at Moxon's ono day to do it again. Once 1 took it into my head totconeot and puMish a page of adverse criticisms if 1 can find a copy it shall be printed here to excellent sale-enect as regarded my tales. And I remember hearing at a publisher's, that when a book didn't sell through puffing, their Herald of Fame upstairs was directed to abuse it, and in one case a society novel by a lady of title was prose-cuted by management for libel, in order to get off the edition. That publishing-house used to advertise in nve figures -that is, upwards of~ 10,000 a-year, and was professionally antagonistic to another, from which it had sprung originally. The critical organs of the one house always used td run down the publications of the other. And 1 daresay other Sosti are aware of the like mutual warfare going on even now. CHAPTER XXXVIII. KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. As to tny several efforts in print to hinder cruelty to animaJs, bestdo and beyond what a reader may aiready find in my published books, let me chiefly mention thèse two ny-leaves, widely circulated by the Humane Society in Jermyn Street to wit, Mercy to Animals, and my Four anti-Vivisection Sonnets. The latter 1 must preface with an interesting anecdote. Before Louis Napoleon was Emperor, 1 accompanied a depu-tation from Guernsey to Cherbourg, met him, had pleasant speech with him, and gave him a book, Proverbial Philqsophy , thus making his personal acquaintance which many years after 1 utilised as thus. The horrors of that infernal veterinary torture-house at Alfort, where disabled cavalry horsés were on system vivisected to death, had been known, to us by. letters in the Times, of course denounoing the crimi-nality 1 remember reading that one poor old horse survived more than threesoore opérations, and used to be led in daily strapped With bandages and plaistérs amid the cheors of the domdniaoal students 1-and this exoited me to make a strong personal effort to stop the outrages'at Alfort. Acoordingly, I wrote from Albury a letter to the Emperor if 1 kept and can find a oopy I will print it hère as from one gentleman to another fond of his horse and dog, exhortin'g him to interfère and hinder such horrors. 1 told him that I purposely did thia in a private way, and not through any news-paper or minister, beoause 1 wished him to cure,jM op~o ~o M, à crying evil whereof he was ignorant and there-fore innocent leaving the issue of my appeal to his own generous feeling and to Providence, but otherwise not expecting nor requesting any reply. 1 therefore got none but whether post hoc or pro .pter Aoc 1 do not know thé result was that vivisection at Alfort was suspended at once, though how long for is unknown to me. As, after all this, many may.like to see my four sonnets before-mentioned, 1 have no room to place here more than one it is fair to state that they are easily procurable for a penny at the S. P. 0. A. office in Jermyn Street. They were written by me in the train between Hereford and London, at the request of a lady, the châtelaine of Pontrilas Court, for a bazaar at Brighton. If ever thou hast loved thy dog or horae, Or other favourite affeotionate thing, If thou dost recognise in God the source' Of all 'that live, their Father and their King, Stand with us on this resoue ,-for the foroe Of soioliats hath légal right tp seize Suoh innocents to torture as they please, Alive and sentient, with demoniao skill i Ungodiy men hbt with the lawless lust Of violating Nature's holiest fane, Breaking it open at your wiokëd wiH, Yet shall ye tremble the Judgé is. just To Him'those viotims do not plead in vain, Onyou for taons orowd their hoursof pain. When. 1 WM laat at Boston myspirit was isti~red by what 1 have poetised below it bas only appeared in some American papers, but 1 hope will be acceptable here. The O~M~M Hack. Worn, jaded, and faint, plodding on in the traok, 1 praise your great patience, poor omnibus haok ¡ In whose sad gentle eyes my spirit oa.n trace The gloom of despair in that passionless face, While way-wearied muscles, strain'd out to the full And cruelly cheok'd by the pitiless pull, With little for food, but of lashes no lack, Force me to pray for you, omnibus hack 1 Yes t-if 1 can pity you, omnibus haok, For nerves all atremble and sinewa awrack, How should not his Maker, the Fathei above, Be just to His créature, and grant him Hia love ? 1 Why may not His meroy give somewhat of bliss In some better world to compénsate for this, By animal pleasure for animal pain, Receiving their lives but to give them again 1 And which of us isn't an omnibus haok, With gal!s on his withers and sores on his baok,-Buckled to oiroumstanoe, driven by fate, And chain'd on the pole of a car that we hate-Yon ponderous Past whioh we drag fast or slow On the coarse-mended Present, this dull road we go, Hard-ourb'd on'the tongue and nô bearing-rein slaok, Ah who of us isn't! that omnibus haok 1 Yet gréât is thé oomfort considering thus That God doth take thought as for him so for us ¡ That we shall Bnd rest, reward, and relief Outweighing outpaying all pain and all grief ¡ Tliat all thihgs are kindiyrememberedelsewhëre, The shame and the wrong and'the prose and the care, The evila that keep ail better abaok, And makebnefeelnow but an omnibus haok. My Mercy to Animais, a simple handbill, bas donc gréât good, as it has prose instructions about load-ing, harnessing, c. It aiso is to be had for a penny at Jermyn Street aforesaid here is the firat verse 0 boys and men of British mould, For my own part 1 have doue it all my life. Those of my book-Monds who hâve my Miscellaneoua Poems may refer in this connection to verses therein on A Dead Dog and A Dead Cat, and to thosé on Cruelty. AIso in Proverbial Fhilosophy, especially as to the Future of Animals, and their too shamefui treatment in this world, one good reason r compen-sative oxistenco.. An omnibus haok ?-and only a drudge ?-Is Duty no more in the eyes of the Judge ? He set thee this toil His providence gave These bounds to His freedman yes, free-not a slave 1 And if thou wilt serve Him, content with thy lot, Cheerfully working and murmuring not, Be sure, my poor brother-whose skies are so Maok-Thou art Hie dear ohild, though an omnibus haok With mother's milk within you 1 A simple word for young and old, A word to warn and win you ¡ You've eaoh and all got human hearts, As well as human featurés, So hear me, while I take thé parts Of ail the poor dumb créatures. 1 TOOK my family to these Northern Isles of thé Sea in 1839, sailing from Aberdeen in a once-a-week steamer some of our passengers were notable, as Basent of the Norse Tales since Sir George and his sons, Day thé Oxonian in Norway, Ellicott, now Bishop of Bristol, Biot Edmondstone, and some others, inclusive of our noble selves. It was a dark night and a dense fog, and we had perilously to thread our careful way through the herring-neot, fog-horns blowing all night, whilst our distinguished party bivouacked on deck, every cabin having been securedby folks crowding to tho.EirkwaIl fair and so we enjoyed a seagoing expérience which, however cold aud dark, was warmed and brightened by the conversation of clever friends ail night through. Next day, jumping into a boat on the top of a wave it was very rough weather , 1 and à few others landed at Wick, and witnessed the extraordinary scène of a herring harvest being cured. Much as at Cincinnati they say pîgs walk in, and come out at the other end of à long gallery salted and smoked,-live herrings are within some three minutes killed, cleaned, piokled, and tubbed by the fishermen's wives'and daughters in their brightest caps and jewellery, for the whole scène is a fair and a festival. CHAPTER XXXIX. ORKNEY AND SHETLAND. In due time we arrived at Kirkwall, where we stayed a fortnight, in the course of which we were soon invited to Mr. Balfour's castle at Shapinshay. 1 call to mind in that medieeval-looking stronghold but it is a modern structure bis splendid banqueting-room, lighted by the illuminated points of twelve stags' heads, eaçh having twelve tynes, thus i .4. of them, ranged on the sides of tbat baronial hall the castle, of grey granite in the Norman style, having its own gasometer, all the light was gas this struck me as a remarkable featuro inside on the outside was one quite as memor-able. Those sterile-looking isles of the North Sea are so swept by stormy winds as to be absolutely treeless insomuch that it is jocularly said, that for cutting down a tree at Kirkwall, the penalty is.death! simply because no trees exist there. Well, the wealthy Baron' of Sha-pinshay conquers nature thus ho has.dug round the castle vast hollow gardons not a continuous moat in which nourisbes a profusion of nowors and shrubs and even trees,-till arboriculture is eut shear off, ifit dares to look ovër the mounds. 1 put it thus When to the atorm-Mstorio Orcades Thé wanderer comes, he marvels to Bnd there A stately palace, towering new and fair, Bedded in nowefs, though unbanked by trees, A feudal drëam uprisen froin the seas And when his wonder a6k9,-Whose magie rare Hath wrought this bright orea.tion ?-mon reply, Balfour'sofBalfour large in mind and heart, Not only doth his duteous oare reolaim All Shapinshay to new fertility, But to his brother men a brother'a part 'Doing,inalwaysdoinggood,-hisfame IstohavoraisedanOroadoAroady, Riohingemaof ia Nature as ofArtt of Art At Kirkwall we could not help noticing what a fine race of men and women, blue-eyed and yellow-haired, many of these Northerners are at St. Magnus Cathedral they trooped in looking like giants, seeming taller perhaps because the pews are on a dead level with the floor. Of course we duly did all thé sights of the place, in the way of the ruinous bishop's palace and so forth, and received hearty welcomes from both high and low, the isolation of those parts conducing to the popularity of strangeis to say less of any greed for the cash of tourists. 1 made there good acquaintance also with Aytoun, the poet of Dundee and Montrose, of who~n it is remetnber-able that he used to read all through Scott's novels every year. 1 thought it a marvellous feat, but at any rate he told me so. He was sheriff of aU those northern régions and writer, amongst other. things, of Hints for Authors in jP~oM~pooc!, which for their wit and sensé ought to be repriuted but when 1 urged it in Princes Street, 1 found such a booklet was not to be-nor Firmilian either-which is a pity, as both are admirable for humour. He was a zoalous florist and fruitist the white currants trainéd by him upon walls were as large as grapes. Among these îsles of Thule palpable evidences tif the ,Gulf Stream are frequent besides that it warms the northern seas so well that snow and ice are n,ot too com-mon there as in much lower latitudes they are with us-it is thé faot that most of the seafaring men have for snun'-boxes the large brown cn'oular beans frôm Mexico floated on tropical seaweed, full of hand coral, and found on the island beaches westwardly. Ano~her notable matter in thèse Orcades is thé strange disproportion between thé sexes, eloven women to one man, as Mr. Hayes, the Lerwick banker, told me this being due to the too frequent drowning of whole boat's crews henoe, one often sees women at the oar. A pleasanter thing to mention is the Fair Isle hosiery, the patterns whereof in the woven worsted are distinotly Moorish, just like those at Tangiers said to be a survival of soma wreck from the Spanish Armada cast upon the shore, with of course its crew and contents, the local manufacture of said patterns having been kept up ever since, with dyea derived from seaweeds, and from flowers. I frequently observed how diligent in knitting the island women were reminding me of those notable spinsters of Herodotus working the needles all the while they tended cattle, and with the pile of some oostly sbawl upon their heads while they ndget at the fringe its various devices being of natural unstained wools, white, grey, or brown. In those interesting islands 1 can dimiy recall many other noticeable things and people, everywhere having received thé warm welcome which is usuany the .privilège of a bookwright all the'world over visiting the Stonea of Stennis with Mr. Pétrie, the Celtio tower of Scalloway with Aytoun, and divers similar antiquitiea, as Maeshow and other refuges of the Picts and Troglodytes. At Lerwick two of thé boatmen who took us to shoro from thé steamer surprised me byquotationafrommy old book-even the oommon folk baing full of litera-ture. They are so separate from the gréât world, and have so little to do, that they cannot help being hard readera,-oven of me. A haberdasher told me that though there are in the short summer plenty of simple wild-Howers, there ia naturalty a dearth a!I the year round of the brighter and more highJy-oolouredou~i-vated kinds and so these being scarce and female vanity rather common, there is a large ~trade in artificial fuchsias, pinks, and roses, c., thus constantly making chapel and church quite gay the same ladies who so bedizen themselves on the Sabbath going about all the week carrying burdens of peat, bare-footed and kilted to the knee on account of the bogs, among which they hâve to chase those small shaggy equines, the Shetland ponies. By the way Mr. Balfour at Oronsay had a special breed of his own, and .showed us a pair of little darlings which he valued at ~'100 apiece. Thé true race, stunted and shaggy from climate, is rare in thèse daya and 1 suspect may be picked up cheaper at Aidridge's than at Shapinshay. On our return voyage we skirted the whole north of Seotland, having had the rare chance of the steamer which once a year is chartered to take back the horring-fishers from Thurso to the Hebrides. But nrst Sir George Sinclair most hospitably entertained us at Thurso Castle, whose grim battlements own flush over the Arctio Sea all within the walls luxurious warmth, and without them wrecks and désolation. So alao with the garden on one side of the high wall greenhoùses and flower-beds in the Italian style,-on the other, in 'strange contrast, the desolate wild ocean, which you see through windows. of thick plate-glasa let into the waUs. At Thurso town 1 conversed with the local genius, Robert Dick, made of worldwide fame sinoe by that kind-hearted and olear-minded author, Samuel Smiles, the said genius boing a noted solf-taught naturalist, who as a small baker struggled with poverty through life, to be inconsistently rewardéd after death by a national monument his fellow-townsmen let the living starve to deify him when dead. Cervantes and his like have met the same fate elsewhere. Leaving Thurso for the Hebrides, in company with no fewer than ~oo Gaelio fishermen, we passed the magnificent cliffs of Cape Wrath in a pleasant calm,-which next day. when we had reached Stornoway turned to a furious storm had we encountered it with those ~oo loading the deck it would infallibly have wrecked us,-as it did many other vessels on that night. Sir James Matheson was our great host at Stornoway, who treated me and mine with magnificent hospitality. If 1 had wished to shoot a buck or to catch a sa!mon the kilted gillie stood ready with his tackle , 1 might hâve done so and welcome but there was no time to spare for anything but a visit to the pre-historia temple of CaUaBish, where the atones strangely enough are set in thé form of a cross instead of the ordinary circle and to a Pictish tower, and other antiquities,-which 1 preferred to sport. Sir James's piper always wakes the guests a'mornings, parading round the terraces with his bagpipes, and after 'r dinner, as usual at the feasts of Highland magnates, ho marches round the table in kilt and Bying tartans with his drone-like dirge or furious slogan,-being rewarded on the spot with whisky from the chief. Here 1 will oease my quick rominisoenco of that plea-sant horthern travel, though 1 might rooount many notice-able matters abdut Skye and its dolomite Cuchullins, Staffa, Iona, and Oban, where The MacDougal allowed us to see and handio an unusùal honour the famous broooh of Lorne, the loss of which saved Thé Braco'a life, when he broke away from his oaptor, thé then MaoDougaI, leaving tartan and shouldor-broooh in his grasp. x AMON the many literary men and women of my acquaintance there are some for it is not possible to enumerate all of whom 1 should like to make some mention and, place ottMc c~~es, let me speak of the ladies first. In my boyhood 1 can recollect that astro-nomical wonder of womankind, J~'N. A!ayy ~ MK~rM~ a great friend of my father's she seemed to me very quiet and thoughtful, and so little self-consoious as to be humbly unregardful of her genius and her fame. Strangely enough 1 first met Jier in the same drawing-room in Grafton Street she lived and died at Chelsea where I acted a silent part years after in some private theatricals with Miss G~eMM~e met during my Ameri-can visit in her then phase of a German Baroness , herself an authoress and a cantatrice, daughter of Dr. Granville, the well-known historian of Spaa. 1 recollect, too, in those early times, Mrs. Jameson, then a celebrated writer, and a vivacioue leader of literary sooiety and much nearer this day, Mrs. Beecher ~OM e, whom 1 found too taciturn, and as if eoared at thé notice she excited, quite to réalise one'a expectation of a famous lipneas. With her I have since broken a lance in thé interest of Byron, whom 1 considered maligned in the matter of his sweetaister, and aoeordingly wrote on OHAPTER LITERARY FRIENDS. XL. his behaïf a vindicatory fly-leaf of poetie indignation. Another lance, too, have 1 broken in favour of Guida, as against a newspaper critic who had tried to crush her Moths 1 had met her before that, and did my little béat in her defence, receiving from her from Italy a charming letter of acknowledgment. Ouida is not generally known to have been the nursery name of Louisa do la Ramenay, just as Boz was of Dickens. Both Ouida and -M~~ocMc~, whom also 1 have seen as Mrs. Maxwell, remind me of that great and not seldom unfairly judged genius, Georges Sand. There remains a worthy duplioated friendship of later years, and J~'a. Carter Hall, of whose geniality and kind-ness 1 have often had experience also JM?'. and Mrs. ~o~, my learned and agreeable neighbours at Albury aiso Lady Wilde, admirable both for prose and poetry on Scandinavian subjocts, and her eloquent son Oscar, famous for taste all the world over and as another duplicate the Gaelic historian and cheerful singer OEa~a ~ac ïy, with his charming daughter, thé poetess. Of celebrated men whom 1 havenot previously men-tioned in this volume, there is Rogers, the poet, with whom 1 once had an interview at his artistio house in St. James's Place Carlyle, of course, well known to to me by books, but personally only in a single visit, when 1 found him in Chleyne Row cordially glad tô groot me -after a long talk, taking my leave with a hearty God bless you, sir, his emphatio reply, as ho saw me to thé door, was, And good be with you It was a coincidence, proving aa many things do the narrowness of the world that he was living very near to the house where in my young days 1 had wooed my cousin. Near at hand also in Oheyne Walk 1 have visited Haweis, the éloquent preaeher of St. James's, Maryle-bone he lives in tbe picturesque old-fashioned house that was Rossetti's, and whén I called there last Mr. Haweis showed me the strangest and most unwieldy testimonial that any public man surely ever received, in the shape of a ton-weight bell hung in its massive frame and placed in his sanctum, which, when touched, gave out melodious thunder. This giant-gift had been sent to him from Holland in recognition of his musical genius, especially in the matter of campanology. And tbis word musical reminds me of Mr. Haweis's noble self-sacrifice in giving up his idolised violin that he might concentrate all hia énergies on religious teaching when 1 asked to see his famous Straduarius, worth three hundred guineas, and found it unstrung, 1 ex-pressed my disappointment at not having had the chance of hearing its dulcet tones drawn out by.himseli, but it lies dumb, though he is éloquent. Of course 1 have visited the great Tennyson at Farringford, and remember him showing me the tree overhanging his garden fence, which Yankees climb to hâve a look at him..BroM~tM~ also, tantum vidi, I met at Moxon's, a grandly rugged poot contrasted with the Laureate he Beema to me as Wagner. is to Mendeissohn. Mortimer .Ci?KtMS has given us a happy day at Albury, coming in d jpM~ poMe~c on one of his dusty walks through ,Surrey, as recorded in his book how he enjoyed his tumbler of oool claret and thé ramble with my son through the Albury woods as a most genial Bohemian t Dickens 1 hâve met several times, and he gave me goôd hints on my first American visit a man full of impul-sive kindlinesa and sincerely one's friend. His son C~c~es also 1 have occasionally met, the worthy successor to his illustrious father 1 may hère state that many of the articles and poems in .HûMM oM tFb?'c~ are from the pen of my youngest daughter. ~c~r~ Owen, too, now worthily K.O.B., our most famous comparative anatomist, 1 am privileged to number among my true friends he was one of those who stood sponsor to me when 1 was to receive a civil service pension. Aiso 1 knew for many years my late Surrey neighbour, ?o~M~~ the geolo-gist and 1 have met .Pemye~, with whom 1 searched Eent's Cavern and Dr. Bowerbank, the great autho-rity as to sponges, and my then hobby choanites he gave me certain microscopio plates of Bacilli which 1 was glad to transfer to my worthy and eminent friend, ~ëpAeM Mackenzie, Physician and Lecturer to the London Hospital. J~M~gM ~oM aiso, with whose celebrated -father 1 was in early youth nearly placed as a pupil, I have sometimes encountered and Shirley Brooks, Albert Smith, and Mark Ze~MM., once a chief of Punch, who acted Falstaff without padding and the genial J ~K Tennid, our most exquisite limner in outline the venerable ? MM M Cooper also, now in his old age the zealous preacher of a faith he once as zealously attacked an excellent man, and vigorous both in prose and verse. My old friend from boyhood, OM~ Blayney Cb~, must not be forgotten i year after year for some forty of them ho bas sent me reams of his poetry. Edmund yot~M, than whom a kindlier, cleverer, and better-hearted man doës nôt exist, I have known for years his father and mother having been frequent guests at our house in Burlington Street and 1 sympathised indignantly with him in his recent editorial trouble wherein he was used so hardly. 1 remember also how he dropped in upon me at Albury one morning just as 1 happened to be pasting into one of my Archive-books a few quips and cranks anent my books from Punch he adjured me Mo to do it for Heaven's sake, spare me covering his face with hia hands. 'What's the matter, ûiend? fwrote all these, added he, in earnest penitence, and I vow faithfully ril never do it again t Pray, don't make so rash a promise, Edmund, and so unkind a one too 1 rejoice in all this sort of thing,-it sells my books, besides-Tse Maw-worm,-I Ukes to be despised ' Well, its very good-natured of you to say so but 1 reaUy never will do it again and the good fellow never did-so have I lost my most telling advertise-ment. 1 must also not forget'to praise that humorous novelist, the late Frank Smedley, -a remarkable in-stance of the triumph of a strong and cheerfui mina over a weak and crippled body, with whom 1 have many reminiscences as a brother author. It waa wonderful to see how he enjoyed-from his invalid chair-thé dances and delights he could not take part in and one day 1 remember finding him unusually exhilarated, as he was just come from a wedding-break-fast,rehearsing, rehearsing, ho laughingly shouted. Poor fellov,-thé victim of an accident in infancy, he lived strapped and banded with steel springs,-but as a gracious compensation Heaven gave him a seeming unconsciousness ofhis helpless cqndition, and added thé happy mind to make the best of this world while look. ing forward to a botter. And lot me not negleot to record, however slightly, a few more recent authorial friendships much valued by me among my Norwood neighbours. 1 will begin with J. 6~. Wood, perhaps our best naturalist, especially in matters entomological. Never were there more humorous no less tba.n instruc-tive lectures than his, illustrated admirably as they are by his own graphie chalk-sketches on the spot and if any one wishes to be convinced that animais have souls, let him read the said Rev. J. G. Wood's Man and Beast. Next will 1 mention Dr. CM A6~ Collingwood, famous as a naturalist and voyager among the China seas, a poet also, well prdved by his Vision of Création, and a thoughtfui writer on religion and metaphysics. There is Dr Ze~, too, whose varied orations on history and other topics have ËUed our Crystal Palace with his advanced wisdom for fifteen years. There iè Birch the sculpter, author of the Godiva and Thé Last Call, exhibited here, and well appreciated by me as another .DM~CM -really a metempsyohosis of character. Among literary ladies Miss .M~ ~boper, and Miss Ellen Barlee,-all noted in their several departments, the first as an eloquent lecturer like her husband, the second known by her domesttc essays, and the third for religious writings. I will add as casually encountered by me hereabouts George J~e cD MM~6 whose magnificent presence in thé pulpit is as memorable as his conversation at the dinner. table, and the interest of his books and Lord ~o MtJ' ~ ? MP6f, oreator of that finest group of modern statuary the Apotheosis of Shakespeare, exhibited at the Crystal Palace, where, as well as by oorrespondenoe, 1 hav~ had with him much pleasant intercourse. And hère may come a brief memory I wrote lately of Colonel Fred. Burnaby for an American editor. 1 am asked to give a short note of personal reminis-cence about my lately departed friend, Colonel Fred. Burnaby, with whom 1 was intimate for three years before his death. Every one bas read his popular life, and heard of his many exploits how alone in mid-air he navigated a balloon across the Ohannel how he aocomplished, in spite of State telegrams to'the oontrary, his adventurous and patriotio ride to Khiva in dead winter and defying perils of ail sorts how he stood six feet four in his stockings with another foot to be added to that magnincent specimen of manhood when in jack-boots and in his plumed helmet how he was strong enough to bind a kitchen poker round his neck, to crack cobnuts in his nngers, and to carry a pair of Shetland ponies upstairs under his arms,-how alao the genial giant, quite the Arao of Tennyson's Princess, was the gentlest and kindest and least dangerous of knights-errant unless, indeed, his just wrath was aroused by anything mean or insolent, when doubtless he could be terrible , and how he was the idolised of men, eapeoially his own brother giants of the Royal Régiment of Blues, and naturally was also the. adored of women wherever he showed himself This Admirable Crichton had every social acoomplishment, but as he was also gifted with a knowledge of many tongues, even to Turkish and Arabie, beyond the more familiar French, German, Italian, and Spanish, of course he must dare all sorts of perilous travel, if only to provo that he was no oarpet-knight, no mère 'gold stick' at court, or silver-oasqued statue at, the Horse Guards. So he foarlessiy risked his life in aU ways on every possible occasion which thé War Omco routine gave him on holiday. Khiva and Kars, and of late at last the fatal Mahdi war, had fascinations for him of danger which bis thirst for, active service too muoh refused to him as obliged officially to bo a stay-at-home had not power to resist and we all know how gallantly, if indeed too rashly, he fougbt and fell on what his Viking blood loved best as a deathbed, the field of battle. For he came of an old Teutonie family, and on his mother's side was also a direct descendant, as he told me himself, of our heroia and gigantio King Edward III., whom he is said greatly to have resembled, as the portrait at Windsor Oastle proves. We were talking about ancestry and the anec-dote came out naturally enough. In politics a strong Conservative, he, with charac-teristic antagonism, chose radical Birmingham for his coveted seat in Parliament, but alas he bas not lived to hazard the election. He. was a neat, fluent, and epigrammatic speaker, as potent with his tongue as with his sword and as for the pen albeit his hand-writing muât have puzzled compositors , the myriade of readers who hâve enjoyed his atirring books in print, can testify how brilliant and eloquent he was for the matter of authorship. He tôld me of a new novel-of the satinco-political sort-which he had written for thé press, but as yet we hear nothing definite of its publication. My own personal acquaintance with the familiar 'Fred. Burnaby' was oonnned to several hospitable dinner-parties at thé houso of his relative, Lady W-my néar neighbour and friend at Norwood, about whioh 1 might anecdotiao to any extent but 1 nover altow myself to record private conversation nor to reveal domesticities.' AU such are sacred in my memory, a~d on principle I despise the modern mischief-maker whose reminiscences are practically reminuisànaes. On a cer-tain public occasion, however, Burnaby stood by me, to my great pleasure and advantage, and let me record bis kindness thus. When 1 gave my lecture on Flying at thé Royal Aquarium, he most appropriatoly took the chair, and made some excellent remarks. AItogether, let my testimony, however brief, however inadequate, to the merits of Fred. Burnaby be this 1 lost in his too sudden death a friend, as 1 had hoped, for many years to come, and my regrets are for him as one of the noblest of mankind. Let me add a word further, as the worthy witnessing of one, quite a kindred spirit, whose acquaintance I made some long time back, and look for great things from his energy and enterprise, and multifarious talents,-C~CM'~ J~M~t~, then the famous Eastern Pioneer, who in his book on Asia, says Yes, our Burnabys, our Bakers, our MacGregors, our Gordôns-these are the real piJIars of the Empire, Thèse are the men who confer provinces upon Englànd, Wbo risk their lives to guard them. When, thé world is a little older, and the working man's vote is worth more than the statesman's opinion, then the splendid achievements of suoh men will be more generously appreciated and the warm English feeling expended to-day on torpid, stupid, unpatriotic party politioians will be directed towards heroes whose steady undaunted patriotism, in face of public indifference and bureau-cratie disdain, conveys a moral as grand as their careers. A DiNINQ-OUT ANECDOTE. As have before said, not having been much given to society, nor thereforè a professional parasite of Amphi-tryon though sometimes tempted to his side as a lion, but more often vainly, for 1 always refused if 1 could , 1 have an instructive anecdote to give about a celebrated conversationist, whom 1 will not name nor indieate even by initiais. One evening 1 found myself compelled to accompany him to a great man's banquet-nota bene, it was after 1 had well recovered speech-and so 1 found myself at his chambers perhaps ten minutes too soon. He called to me from his dressing-room, bidding me to amuse myself till he was ready. Now, on the study table were laid several books, open, with weights to keep them so and 1 glanced from one to another to while -away the time. Then up came his brougham, and off we went. At dinner my diner-out started a topic, whereof innocently enough 1 remembered instàntly a suitable epigram. Not long after another subject .gave me occasion to tell a witty story, which somehow came to me at the moment. My friend asked me with a keen glance where 1 had read it, and at once 1 recolleotëd those open books and understood the position, resolving mischievousiy to out-ûank the manoenverer. Accordingly, at each oppor-tunity, with seeming innocence, 1 wiped hia eye, as they say at a battue, and certainly reaped thé anecdotic AM ?os Mr. So-and-so had ounningly contrived and hoped to achieve for himself. Ï confess it was vicious of me, but who could help taking the benefit of suoh a chance ? Hosts should beware of wits who oram their jokes and anecdotes. Years after 1 met the same gentleman at another entertainer's table, where 1 found him in my présence not qùito thé livener-up they had expected, and he seemed a little shy of me probably he thought me an omniscient, for I never told the pobr man 1 had found him out. 1 fear ho bas departed to a world where genuine truthfulness is more accepted as a virtue than in this. A MORMON GUEST. Quito recently 1 have had a visit from a young American, who brought me a letter from a so-called cousin-at aU events a namesake-in the Far West, asking me to tell her about her German ancestry. My visitor was good-looking, well-dressed, fair-spoken, and gentlemanly also well-bred and well-to-do. 1 will not indicate his name, but I may state that he is a n'ear relative of the eminent electrician who illuminates so magnificently the fountains at South Kensington. Of course, as pleased with his manners and deportment, I. kept him to luncheon and finding that he hailed from Utah, naturally asked if he knew Sait Lake City and. the Mormons there. Certainly he lived not a hundred miles from the city, and those were his own pëople as a Mormon himself from in noy, ho had nothing but good to say of them, and we in England had been very much mialed by Mrs. Stenhouse and other trayellers. As to plurality of wivës, not two per cent. of their whole 200,000 had more than one wife. His own father, a rich merchant and a church-hierarch, a stake of the tabernacle much as we should say a pillar , had but one-his own dear mother-and he scarcely knew any one with more. It was quite a European misjudg-ment tbat many followed Brigham Young's doctrine, whioh never had been Joseph Smith's.-and the present ohief, Taylor, had but one. He showed us many cabinet photographs of Sait Lake City, his own family, leading Mormons, and the like especially of the Old tabernacle, like a monstrous tortoise, and one from a flnished draw-ing. of the new, of even more tasteless architecture, being the most gigantic piece of perpendicular ever perpetrated, and full of unsightly windows. When asked about the golden book,-well ho had never seen it, but believed in it thoroughly because all the .twelve apostles had seen it and he trusted their testimony. Eleven of those apostles were now dead, one only sur-viving. Just as with our friends of Mr. Irving's sect at Albury, which arose in the same year as Mormonism. We had never set eyes on the originals of our own Scriptures-in tact, they did not exist-but believed the witnessing of others, as he did. Ho himself was not a missionary, but would go if he was sent by the Ghurch though he mightn't like it, he was bound to obey authority, c. c. 1 had plenty more talk with him, and found him intelligent, modest, and in every way a remarkably agreeable young fellow and I added to my mental Mpef~oM'6 of botter judgments that on Mormonism,-even as heretofore Mr. Sinnett has taught me not utterly to despise Buddhism, Dr. Wilkinson to revere Swedenborgianism, and a few othér people 1 might name who are true believers, to be charitable as to other sorts of strange isms once 1 met a very religioug olergyman who still held by Johanna Southcote and we hâve ail heard how Lady HesterStanhope had an Arab horse always rëady saddied for Messiah when He is to ride into Jerusalem and how some other person had a gold spoon and fork laid daily at his table for the sudden ooming of a Divine Guest 1 Car personal lesson is to be tolérant of all manner of innocent onthusiasms, to hear both sides and bear with all opinions,-s.ome-times finding to our astonishment that Maok sheep may after all be whiter than they looked, and that unchari-table préjudice is but another name for ignorant folly. Before taking leave of my Mormon guest, 1 ought to report that he was teetotal, handsome, taciturn rather than talkative, a hunter among the Rockies, an author himself, and of course an old book-friend, so 1 made him happy with some autographic poetries. With reference to Joe Smith's own theological creed, there is a very neat and notable ~M'~M of it on p.-i~! of a bright little book 1 have lately read, titled Frank's Ranche, or my Holiday in the Rockies, easily accessible. That creed is so good that when 1 read it aloud to my homeflock they said, Why, we believe ail that 1 -and as to the evil matter of many wives, not only did the original Joseph repudiate that doctrine, but his namesake son, still a chief among the Mormons, does the same, and so far bas seceded from the Brigham heresy whioh a son of mine says is not bigamy, but Brighamy. A few forgotten anecdotes may here find place take thèse twelve as samples pf many moré such trivials whioh memory may have at the bottom of her well, if she only dipped for them. t. A banknote expérience when a very small child I used to be taken to the Postford paper-mill at Albury by my nurse, who had a follower or a followed in the foreman there. While they talked together, 1 was deputed to amuse myself by making banknote paper, as thus a spoonfulof pulp put into a shallow tray of wire and shaken deftly made a small oblong of paper duly impressed with Britahnia and water-marked being then dried on a nannel pad. Many years after, when .1 was preparing for Oxford under Mr. Holt at Postford House, there was discovered a secret oupboard in the wall of his drawing-room whieh was found to contain several forged plates for printing banknotes and this discovery ac-counted for the recent suicide of a Mr. H- a previous owner of the paper-mill, who evidently feared exposure and conviction. No one now is allowed to make bank-note paper, except the honourable firm of Messrs. Portal, which bas the monopoly thereof but when I was a child, any one might do it, and if there was a forger handy, fraud was possible to any extent. Our New-land's Corner on Merrow Downs is so called from Abraham Newland, whose name is printed on old bank-notes as F. May is on new ones, and who owned Postford Mill. Rence the word Sham-Abram for a forged note. 2. A noted piscatorial editor wishes me to record how î once caught a trout with its o,wn eye-as thus 1 was whipping the Tillingbourne, and hooked a nsh foui, for it dropped off leaving an eye on the hook. In my vexation 1 made a cast again over the same spot where 1 had thrown, and actually caught that eager wounded fish with ils own eye. 3. When 1 was a guest of Captain Hamilton at Rozelle, Ayr, he told me that he and ail the crew had seen the sea-serpent 1-but that his admirai had inter-dicted all mention of it in the log for fear of ridicule t on which 1 told him what 1 had soen of the same sort. When crossing'the great Herring Pond in the ~c~c, the passengers were all summoned.on deok from dinner to see that mystery of the deep, the sea-serpent. It was very rough at the time, and oortamiy within a little distance some .apparent monster hundreds of feet long was roUicg on thé top of the waves 5M as some por-tions of it spouted, we soon saw there nothing but a school ofwhales, the big buU leading and the cows and calves following in a line. This looked like the real thing,-but wasn't. From other evidence, however, and the Rev. J. G. Wood supplies one, I do believe there are such monsters of the deep whose nest is in the Sargasse Sea. 4. Here is a curious item of my biography. Whon 1 was in Canada in 1851, at an hotel in Kingston, the waiter cornes to tell me that two persons wanted to see me on special business. Admitted, there appeared a very decent man and woman dressed in their best, and with ribbons and flowers. What might they want with me? Please, Mr. Tupper, that you would marry us r My good man, 1 can't, l'm not a clergyman. Oh but, sir, you write religion, and we like your books, and we've come across from New York State to Canada to get rnarried.-so please, o. o. Of course, 1 did not please, and as to marriage at ail gave them Punoh'a celebrated ad vice to persons about to marry, Don't.' On which the hapless pair departed sorrowfully. If I had read the service over them, possibly their respectable consciences rnight have been satisôed.-and as with Roméo apd Juliet a lay friar Lawrence would hâve sumced. Moreover, there's no penalty from one State to another and even on board ship the captain may read services, and on land the Consul marries. 5. A picture story. I am invited to a dinner where a rich New Yorker bas asked some oonnoisseurA-ienda to inspeot his new purohase, a Raffaelle'Madonna and child, for which he has just given a fabulous amount of dollars. I was asked for special judgment as an artiotie Englishman. WoU thedrawmgwasporfeot,bat'I I didn't like the colouring I knew thé picture, having seen the original somewhere on the Continent but this couldn't be a copy, as it was less than Jife-size so, while most of the other guests praiséd profusely, 1 requé,sted to withhold my opinion of its merits till 1 could examine it in daylight,-which, as 1 was to sleep in the house, was easy next morning. When my eager host appeared, I took him alone after breakfast into his study, and proved to him what, alas 1 had too truly sus-pected, that however well painted with the over-accuracy of a miniature and absolutely correct as was thé drawing, -hisprize Raffaelle was after all only an oil-coloured engraving 1 This he wouldn't believe, triumphantly showing me the ancient canvas at the back but when I told him that between that canvas and the paint he would find paper, and when a penknife scratch under the ame-edge proved it,-he naturally stormed at the dealer who had taken him in, until 1 suggested a dis-gorging of the dollars, and promising my own silence as to thé discovery, left him a wiser man and a grateful. 6. How often the poor letter H has crushed oratory and destroyed eloquence 1 Do 1 not remember how notably a late Lord Mayor raised the echoes of the ~gyptian Hall to an explosion of laughter, by commenc-ing grandiloquently, When hi survey the dignity of my 'igh position, o. o. and similarly what a disas~ trous effect, a certain.preacher caused in church by the announcemënt, This is the hare, corne let us kul him ? But we ailknow the mysteries of H and W ~!sop Smith wrote a .ble about them, whereof this is the finale H, said King Cadmus, one of my oldest friends never can 1 spare your respectable présence your ancestor is the throat-utteredHeth ofMosea even T as you, dear W, are desoended from the stately digamma of Homer. Believe me, 1 value both of you ail the more for graceful ambiguities mystery is pricelesa to your king, and your usage is obscure therefore do 1 lay upon you higher honour. Henoeforth, ye vowel magnates, and you myfaithfui commons consonants, take heed that no one be accounted literate or eloquent who places these my oldest friends in a dilemma. Their right use is a mystery so be it but woe be unto those whose innate want of taste profanes that mystery. Honour be to H, and worship be to W and let those who misuso their secret excellences dread thé ven-geance of King Cadmus 1 y. Yet a seventh whimsical anecdote rises to the sur-face. When Prince Albert was made a fellow of Lin-coln's Inn, and dined in the New Hall, 1 was present at the banquet. There was a roast joint and one bottle of port to each mess of four barristers one would think a supply more than ample however, some thirsty soûls wanted more wine for the gréât occasion, and the com-plaint found utteranoe ludicrously thus. When thé National Anthem was sung, some young lawyer who gave the solos, with a gôod tenor voice and no end of dry humour, raised a gale of laughter and applause by. singing very devoutly-Long to reign over us Happy and ~o~M, 2 M ~ LpMt a 'mo?~ bMf of us, God savè the Queen 1 Of course, plenty more bottles were thé resuit,-and thé genial Prince Albert laughed as heartily as thé rest ofus. 8. Yet another anecdote, in these days of professional mendicancy not uninstructive. Ono day when calling on the Rev. Robert Anderson, at Brighton, a begging visitor came in, calling himself a Polish refugee, and speaking broken English Mr. Andersen in his kind-ness was just about to open his purse, when 1 said to both of them, I happen to know a little Polish, and wish to ask a few questions accordingly, I rapped out at intervals, with an interrogating air, the opening lices of the Antigone of Sophocles! on which that banisbed lord,' stammering out that he had been out of Poland so many yeara that he had forgotten the lan-guage, bowed himself from the room as a-discovered. impostor. 9. The récent lamentable fire at Eegan Paul's, wherein so much authorial wealth was cremated,-and especially' no fewer tban six of thé works of that clever authoress, Emily Pfeiner,-reminds me of an irrevocable loss sus-tained by Proverbial Philosôphy owing to Oudinot's capture of Rome in 1849 for it so happened that the Cardinal Archbishop of Bologna had, as instruotress to. his nièces, a lady, who afterwards became Mrs. Robinson of South Kensington Muséum she, a great admirer of the work, translated my book for them into Italian and had it printed at Rome, where unluckily both the whole MS. and the finished sheets were aU burnt in the city's bombardment. 1 have since asked Mrs. Robinson if eho could possibly reproduce it but-the occasion passed, there ia now neither time nor need for it, and so niy Italian version has no existence, except possibly as photographed on the blue ether whither Professer Tyndall hopes to go. A similar fatality, we may je-member, aneotedSir Isaao Newton through his.littlp dog Diamond and my friend in old days, Gilbert Bur. nett, the botanist, had to rewrite his index, a heartrend-ing labour, beeause a careless housemaid lit a fire with it. i o. And this further reminds me of the perils to which au author's MSS. are perpetually exposed 6. before 1 put a spring lock on my study at Albury where, by the way, I wrote several of my early Proverbial chapters with a child on my knee I used to find my papers regularly put out of order by the maid arranging the room and upon my cautioning her not to destroy anything, 1 was horrified by the unconscious Audrey's instant reply, 0 sir 1 never burns no papers but what is spoilt by being written on. Again, 1 remember to hâve cautioned my Suffolk friend, Mrs. Crabtree, who had a nne library, not to keep her servants short of firepaper, as they might possibly help themselves out of bound books whereat she was indignant, as if 1 was traducing a vourite menial however, 1 went round with ber, unfortunately proving the delinquency by exhibiting several handsome volumes with middle leaves torn out -Once more, in the prehistoric days when we sported with loose powder and shot and paper wadding, I was a guest for some days in September with James Maclaren at Tioeburst, and recollect his horror at find-ing that the luncheon sandwiches were wrapped in some of his most precious MSS.-for he was writing a treatise on finance, and these leaves were covered with caloula-tions-and that his shooting-party wore ramming down their charges with the recorded labour of his brains t It was at Maclaren's that 1 once tasted squuTel his woods were infested with thé pretty créatures, whichthekoeper shot, and after keeping the skin gave the carcase to thé oook it tnsted like very nutty rabbit but 1 prbtested it was a greater outrage than lark-pudding, which 1 had recently seen at the Judges' Sentence dinner at New-gate, and said it was a shame to eat the sweet aongsters. At Maclarens I learnt the origin of high as applied to eatables. His game-larder was a tower of many bars, the lowest containing a to-day's shooting the next yesterday's, and so forth, aiways moving up henee the stalest were at the top, and so most serviceable as least fresh. Trench on words would approve this reason for high game. M. PfM~KM. i. Lo we are led we are guided and guarded Carefully, kindly, by night and by day Punish'd belike, or haply rewarded, As we go wrong or go right on the way Wisdom and Meroy, twin angels of kindness, Take by both hands the ohild lost in the night, Leading him safely, in spite of his blindness, Guiding Mm well through the dark to the light. .u. All things are ordered,-the least as the greatest Motes have their orbits as Rxt as a star,-And thou may'st mark if humbly thou waitest, Providence working in all things that are Nothing shall fail in its ultimate objeot, Good must outwrestle ail ovil at last God is the King, and création His subjeot, And the gréât future shall ransom thé past. m. Ay, and this présent,-perplexing, degmding-None may despisè it as futile or worse ¡ Swift as it Bieth, dissolving and fading,. 'Tia thé wing'd seed of-some HeBaing or ourse. Télescope, microscope,-whioh hath most wonder 1 Infinite great, or as inanité small ? Musical silence, or world-splitting thunder ?-He that made ail things inhabits them ail. IV. Yea for this présent,-eaoh inch and each second Hath its own soul in a thought or a word Ev'n as I watoh, God's finger hath beckon'd, Ev'n as I wait, God's whisper is heard 1 Trifies, some judge them, that finger, that whisper,-But on suoh pivots vast issues revolve Those are the watchful reminders of Mizpah, Jazer and Bethel, Life's secret to solve 1 v. Mizpah,-for carefulness, honour, uprightness Jazer,-by penitence, meekness and faith Bethel,-in foretastes of gladness and brightness,-These are the keynotes to life out of death Providence bidding, and prudence obeying, Thou shalt have peace from beginning to end,-Thankfully, trustfully, instantly praying, Walking with God as~thy Father and Friend. 12. Apropos to my mention of Mortimer Collins' visit to Albury on another page, 1 make this extract from his Pen Sketches by aVa.Niahed Hand, vol. i. pp. 167. 168 PP- 167, Walk through Surrey. At Albury 1 called upon a poet,-one whoni cri tics love to assail, but who derides critica and arrides the public. Pleasant indeed is the nno old house, with emerald lawn and stately trees, wherein he residés. Not Horace in his Sabine farm, nor OatuIIus at Tiburs, had a more poetio retreat than the author of Proverbial Philosophy at Albury. But, like Catullus, the advent of May had set the poet longing for a flight far away Jam ver egelidos refert tepores, Jam coeli furor oequinootialis Juoundis Zephyri silescit auris Jam mens prestrepidans avet vagari Jam loeti studio pedes 'vigesount.' And he was about to take wing for sea-side resorts, and the soft cyclades of the Channel, beloved by Victor Hugo. Right hospitable was he a bottle of cool claret cheered the dusty wayfarer, and an hour's pleasant talk was even more choering. Hence 1 walked through Albury Park towards Gomshall. The exquisite bit from Catullus will best excuse my otherwise egotistical quotation. A few more anecdotes about literary men and things may here find place. Take these respecting Thackeray, and Leeck, both of which immortal humorists were my schoolfellows at the Charterhouse but, as 1 have said, they having the misfortune to be merely lower-form boys, and your present. scribe ranging as a dignified Emeritus, of course there was then a great guif be-tween us, pleasantly tb be bridged over in after life. Thaokeray's career has long been fully detailedin public, and 1 can bavé little to add of much conséquence but 1 call to mind how that quiet small cynic-so gigantio in ail senses afterwards~-used to caricature Bob Watki and the ôther masters on the ny-leaves of his olass-books, to the scandai of myself and other responsible monitors these illustrated olassics having since been sold by auction at high prices. Bût My Sehool-Days have recorded all that, As to Leech, who probably adorned his books simi-larly, he, being a day-boy and àllowed for safety to scuttle out of the playground before school 'broke up, came not equally under our surveillance in those days. but long yeafs after, when that genial and witty friand and true gentleman was my guest at Albury, I had gréât delight in his company, and he helped cleverly to illustrate along with divers other artists my Crock ~GoM-'aud Proverbial Philosophy, and in part The Anglo-Saxon. I remember a characteristic little anecdote about him, as thus We went angling together to Postford Pond, on a fine hot day, thinking less of possible sport than of sandwiches and sherry, and an idle lounge on a sloping bank in the, shade, and haply though for myself 1 am no smoker the cahniy contemplative cigar. As we lay there, in ~MM~c fashion, all at once Leech jumped up with a vigorous Confound that Boat oan't it leave me at peace ? l've been watching it bobbing thèse five minutes, and now it's out of sight altogether -hang itt With that hearty exclamation of disgust puUingup. a.brilliant two-pound perch, the glory of the day 1 Next week's Punch had a pleasant comio sketch of this petty. incident, thereby immortalised by thé mous bottledleech. It always etruck me that Tenniel and he were a woU-matched pair,, in kindiiness, oleverness, and good looks and I neyer can think of one without the other-arcades 6M~o par MOK~M~. Thackeray lived to have his full revenge of Dr. Biroh ? T~ ~g tyrant of Charterhouse and Russell well deserved his caution both by pen and pencji. Let me a so give a brace of home sketches of Long-fellow. I have had two principal interviews with him in his beautiful home at Cambridge, Massachusetts, at the wide interval between those visita of twenty-five years. Of the first of these 1 record a few words from my American MS. journal in 1851, adding some un-written thoughts and recollections. On April i6th, then, in the year just named, Longfellow wrote to me cordially, and with much kindly appreciation, and soon after, calling on me at Boston, took me off in his carriage over the flooded lowlands to the ancient for America University of Cambridge, where the Queen Anne-like colleges are nestled in fine old elms. He treated me, of course, most hospitably, and had asked several iends to meet the traveller but one, a chief guest, was otherwise engaged, and so 1 missed Lowell, to my great disappointment. It is not my form to detail private conversation, nor to describe the Lares and Penates of sacred domesticity but 1 may reveal génerally that I spent several golden hours of intel-lectual communion with the Abbott 'Laurences, Ticknor, Fields, Preàcott, and Everett-illustrious names, which will sufficiently indicate the reception they gave me. At this time of day 1 cannot remember the thousand winged speeohes that Bew about that genial board, and, as 1 failed, from conscientious motives, to record them in my journal, I will not invent, after thirty-four years have passod over my memory, with their crowds of other words and fanoies. Be this enough I reoolleot to have asked Longfellow why ho wrote Exoelsiof, and not the more grammatical BxceIsMM, as the title to one of his most iamous pooms. The reason is a ourious one he wrote those stirring verses, by request, on thé motto 0 for the New York coat-of-arms, whieh is legended not quite accurately, Excelsior. And when, in the samo line of thought, 1 inquired why he named a German story Hyperion, with no apparent reason om clas-sical associations, he pertinently enough answered me by pronouncing the name ~Mpe~-tOM~ going higher , the story being a tale of progress in human character. And now to leap over twenty-five years, at whioh interval I paid my second visit to America in 1876, when again 1 had the privilege of being Longfellow's guest in the same historic abode where Washington had once his headquarters. My kind-hearted host insisted on my occupying the same arm-chair I had before, and which since, he said, had been the throne of Dickens and Thackeray, and every book-celebrhy that had visited Cambridge. Among invited guests unable to. corne was Oliver Wendell Holmes, but 1 soon after made up for this loss by having a long talk with that shrewd and amusing writer at Boston and once more, alas 1 no Lowell, whom 1 missed again, though 1 had waited for him that quarter of a century 1 Longfellow, out of compliment so he kindly said to his English guest, had specially provided pheasants and Stilton cheeae, among such more Transatlantic delicacies as wild venison from Tupper.Lake, in the Adirondacs , and canvas-back ducks from Baltimore to say less of terrapin soup, whereof the unhatched eggs of tortoises are the OMMe-oMcAe After dinner he gaTe me an apple from Beaupré, Evangelino's farm, the pips whereof 1 sent to Albury for planting. Longfellow was much interested to hear that my collatéral ancestor had married Martha, thé heiress of thé Vineyard in Rhode îsland. Mr. Fields, on this festive occasion, reoitedsome of Mark Twain's humour, and 1 had to give sundry of my American ballads, and the host himself bis exquisite Psalm of Life j my Venus, in reply to his Mars, having appeared, and been praised by him, somo years before. And this meagre record is all 1 care, or have space, to give of that feast of reason and flow of soul. With Charles Kingsley, however seldom we met, I had strong sympathy in many ways, as a man of mon, to be loved and admired but chiefly we could feal for each other in the matter of stammering, sort of amiction not sufficiently appreciated. Kingsley con-quered his infirmity, as I did mine, and rose to frequent eloquence in his public ministrations privately his speech would often fail him, and was his thorn in the flesh to the end. 1 remember a most pleasant day spent with him about the fishponds and cascades of Wotton,-and I noted how skilfully he threw the fly some five-and-twenty feet under the bushes, to the wonder of a gaping trout, soon to nnd its lodging in the creel and our kind host may still recollect, as 1 do, how charming was our inter-course that day with thé genial author of Yeast, Alton Look, Il Hypatia, Westward ho and other of our vouritea. I hâve met Kingsley later, in bis cloistered nest, as Canon of Westminster, and remember how heartily he expressed his abundant charity for all sorts of misérable sinners, especially about one of whom I came to speak, for there never lived a more universal excuser of human imperfection than Charles Kingsley. His bust, verylike him, is in a side chapel of the Abbëy, near the west door. With the learned and éloquent Canon Farrar, too, 1. have held converse in thé same Broad Sanctuary, though but briefly. Harrison Ains-worth bas often crossed my orbit. In particular, as a very early contributor to bis magazine wherein, by the way, my Flight upon Flying. originally appeared, to be afterwards reproduced at the Royal Aquarium a year or two ago , 1 was among his invited guests at Kensal Manor house, for the inauguration of his magazine, meeting Douglas Jerrold, Blanchard, Albert Smith, and others of like note. AIso, at Lord Mayor's, feasts we have periodically met, and at Literary Fund dinners. I may mention that when we came near one another a few years since, at the Mansion House, an Àmerican friend with me was startled at the resemblance between Ainsworth and myself in fact, our photographie por-traits have often been mutually sold for each other, and 1 remember in a shop window seeing my name written under a photo clearly not myself, however like and my daughter with me said It must be a mistake, for you never had such a waistcoat as that, it being a brilliant plaid so we went in to set matters right, and the shopman, in correcting the mistake, observed he didn't wonder, we were so alike furthermore, on tbe outside cover of a cheap edition of Ainsworth's James II. his portrait is the very counterpart of one. painted by Rochard, long years ago, of myself. I was well acquainted, nfty-nve years ago, with three eminent men, who afterwards became viceroys, as their Mow classman and collegian at Christ Church. At that time two of them were only younger sons in their pupa or pupil phases of Ramsay and .Bruce, and wore the same commoner'is gown as myself the third, though a tuff by courtesy, had not yet come to his héritage. Ail thèse three suooeeded one another in thé high position of a Governor-General of India, and were famous architects of our imperial greatness. I remember on either aide of me in Bisooe's memorable Aristotle class before mentioned, the young Ranisay, afterwards Dalhousie, that great pro-consul who annexed a third of our Indian Empire and the young Bruce, afterwards Elgin, famous from Canada to China the former.slim, ascetic, and reaerved the latter a perfect oontrast, being stout, genial, and outspoken while Canuing, taU and good-looking, with curly dark hair and florid complexion, is mentionable also for his .Sueucy of speech and cor-diality of manner-hereditaments, doubtless, of his dis-tinguished father. Of Lord Elgin 1 have many pleasant memories, especially when he hospitably received me at Toronto, whither he had recontly migrated from Mon-treal as 1 thought unwisely , becauso the French Cana. dians there had insulted him. In this connection 1 may give an anecdote to the point. Soon after my return from America in 1851 1 dined with my neighbour at AI-bury, Henry Druinmond, the humoursome M.P., always not a little good-naturediy misohievous. He knew that I had not approved of Lord Elgin's petulant removal of his viceroyal establishment from Montreal to Toronto, and cunningly resolved t6 draw me out before witnesses on the matter. Now I had taken in to dinner' an elderly Scotch lady unknown to me, and sat next to her of course. Soon my lively host somewhat unfairly asked me about my visit to Canada, and what 1 thought tif the then notorious flight of the Governor to far dis-tant Toronto,-forcing me to express my disapprova!, whioh naturally as an honest man 1 did, on which my left-hand neighbour, a lady of rank whom I knew, whis-pered Mind what you are saying, you took in his mothor. Accordingly, I had frankly to turn and say, And l'm sure Lady Elgin will ,agree with me, and you too, Mr. Drummond, for no captain should fly from his post because he's laughed at. This candid speech was fortunately applauded all round the table, and not least by the friendly Countess and the ba~ed mischief lover. Lord Elgin most kindly interested himself in the restoration of the Brock monument at Queenstown Heights, which had then recently been damaged by gunpowder, and is since rebuilt my good reason for asking h~aidbeing that Sir Isaao Brook was my near relative his mother bearing my name , and that he had saved Canada by his death in victory. CHAPTER XLI. A FEW OLDER FBIENDSHIFS. IT is only fair and right that I make special mention of some friendships of many years, connected more or less with literary matters. Among such names in the past occurs one, if not very eminent, to me at least very kindly, that of Benjamin Nightingale, an antiquarian friend for nearly forty years. We Ërst became acquainted in Sotheby's auction room, where 1 perceived at once his generous nature, by this token we had been com-peting for a miscellaneous lot of coins, which he bought, -and then lifting his hat he asked me which of them 1 had specially ~anted these 1 indicated, of course thinking that he meant me to buy them of him,-but he immediately insisted upon giving them, if 1 would allow him. This fair beginuing led to botter acquaint-ance, often improved under our mutual robf-trees. It was his ambition to be my Boswell, as he bas sometimes told me and probably there are bundles somewhere of his MSS. and of OM?' antiquarian letters he wrote very well , aboùt whioh Ï have vainly made inquiry of a near relative, who knew nothing about them. Some day they'U turn up. Nightingalo was much pleased to find himself reoorded in my Farley Heath, as to both verse and. prose. He bas been in the Better World some twelve years, and his widow gave me the collections he called his Tupperiana. 1 confess that the following poem wherein my genial friend figures,-and which many judges have liked as among my best balladisms, is one reason for this record of B. N. Farley jBca~. Many a day have I whiled away Upon hopeful Farley Heath, In its antique soil digging for spoil Of possible treasure beneath For Celts, and querns, and funereal urns, And rich red Samian ware, And sculptured stones and centurions' bones May all lie buried there 1 How oalmly serene, and glad have I been From morn till eve to stay, My men, no serfs, turning the turfs The happy livelong day With eye still bright, and hope yet alight, WistfùUy watching the mould, As the spade brings up fragments of things Fifteen centuries old 1 Pleasant and rare it was to be there On a joyous day of June, With the ciroling scène all gay and green Steep'd in the silent moon When beauty distiJs from the oalm glad hills, From the downs and dimpling vales And every grove, lazy with love, Whisperethtenderest tales 1 0 then to look back upon Time's old traok, And dream of the days long past, When Rome leant here on his sentinel spear And loud was the olarion's Mast,-As wild and shrill from Martyr's Hill Eohoed the patriot shout Or rush'd pell.mell with a midnight yell The rude barbarian rout 1 Yes every stono bas a tale of its own, A volume of old lore i And this white sand from many a brand Has polish'd gouts of gore When Holmbury Seight had its beacon light, And Cantii held old Leith, And Rome stood then with his iron men On ancient Farley Heath t How many a group of that exiled troop Have here sung songs of home, Ohanting aloud to a wondering orowd The glories of old Rome 1 Or lying at length have basked their strength Amid this heather and gorse, Or down by the well in the larch-grown dell 'Water'd the blaok war-horse 1 Look, look t my day-dream right ready would seem Thé past with the present to join,-For see 1 1 have found in this rare ground An eloquentgreen old coin, With turquoise rust on its Emperor's bust-Some Ceasar, august lord, And the legend terse, and the olassio reverse, Viotory, valour's reward l' 'Viotory-yes 1 and happiness, Kind oomrade, to me and to you, When suoh riph spoil, bas orown'd our ioil And proved the day-dream true With hearty acolaim how we hail'd by his name The Coesarof that coin, And told with a shout his titles out, And drank his heaith in wine t And then how blest the noon-day l'est Reclin'd on a grassy bank, With hungry oheer and the brave old beer, Better than Odin drank And the secret balm of the spirit at calm, And poetry, hope, and heaith,-Ay, have I not found in that rare ground, A mine of more than wealth ? Another long-time friend aiso of the antiquarian sort was Walter Hawkins, with whom I was intimate for many years. His private collection of coins and curio-sities was even larger aud costlier than Nightingale's, and waa given by his administratrix to thé United Service Muséum, where 1 believe the bulk of it perhaps morally mine still remains in cases not yet unpacked. He died suddenly, to my great financial loss for he was very fond of me, oneruig himself sponsor and giviug his name to a son of mine and as a rioh old bachelor he used to make humorously half promises of bene~ts to come. In fact, he had called in his lawyér to take instructions for a new will, and partly at. least had erased or destroyed the old one of a twelve years agone, when, one raw and wintry mprning, he insisted upon seeing a lady from and to her carriage without his hat punetilio beirig his forte and his fault , caught cold, took to his bed, and was dead in four days 1 Accord-ingly a relative with whom he had not been on the best of terms for years, administered to his half will, and sucoëoded to his possessions. Such is life aud its futile expeotatioM. Walter Hawkins had many peculiarities one was this. At groat cost he was long building for himself a tomb at Eensal Groen, whioh he would not let me see till it was Rnished he then triumphantly exhibited to my astonished eyes a domed marble temple with four bronze angels blowing trumpets east, west, north, and south,-and waited for my approval, whioh honestly I could not give. I heard notbing more of this small mausoleum, for he was a taciturn man but when, some year or two after, 1 went to bis funeral and looked in vain for the temple-tomb, 1 found it had vanished, and in its stead was a plain marble slab with bis simple name and birthday on it, and a blank left for the date of his death. Manifestly he had repented of the vain-gloriousness of those herald angels and their dôme and practically took the hint of my dispraise in the adoption of that humbler tombstone. Here is another characteristic trait some navvy had found. an old rusty anchor near the Thames Tunnel, one of Brunel's ruinous follies,-now, as we all know, finished and utilised by a railway. This anchor, a smaU one, probably lost by some jol!y young waterman, Mr. Hawkins maintained was Roman and ho had made for it a superb crimson case lined with satin, which hungon his drawing-room wall at Hammersmith as a décoration. He was aiso proud of poasessing thé paw of the Arctic bear which had attaoked Captain Parry, but from whioh he escaped, as aleo did the bear,.for no one is said to have shot the.beast however, thore waa the paw in proof and thère were divers other un-commonproperties. Ohé of the most ourious matters about my friend was this the anagram of his name in full and ho always wrote Esquire and' not Esq. exàotly describes him,.with his péouliarity. of greeting one with Il Oh, l'm so glad to see you t and with his uBual signature W. H. which also he put on a medal for good conduct to youths, and gave my son one of those W. H. medals. Now thé words Oh, Walter Hawkins, Esquire, makes anagrammatically, W. H., who likes rare antiques! exaetly his idiosyncraay as a man and a collector. We all know how strangely Thé Right Honourable William Ewart Gladstone, M.P. spells, I am the Whig M.P. who'll be a traitor to England's ruie may it not prove to be prophétie. And still more strange is the fact that the ~ords William Ewart Gladstone spell Erin, we will go mad at last t whioh seems only too likely. Another curious anagram is this, -in a far different vein Christmas comes but once a year, makes So by Christ came a rescue to man. There's no end to thèse petty word miracles. But to revert to our theme and to conclude it. As a West India merchant, Mr. Hawkins one day sent me down to Albury a hogshead of sugar and some sacka of rice, to be given or, as he preferred it, sold at half price for honour's sako and not to pauperise -to my poorer neighbours for a Christmas gift. Well, to pleas him, 1 tried to sell, and only raised the rancour of the shopkeepers, who declared I was competing with them as a grocer then I gave, with the same expérience that soup charity had before taught me, to wit, that poor quarrelled with poorer, and both with me, for more or less giveh. So 1 was glad when it all came to an end. It is very difficult, as many a Lady. Bountiful knows, to be charitable on a wide soale eg. once, in my country life, 1 tried to reoommend brôwn bread and oatmeal and got nothing by it but iH-wi l, as if wishing to starve thé pôor by denial of wheat-nour. Môst of us hâve been ohecked in such siUy efforts to do good through forgetfulness of thé fact that usually the poorest are the proudest. Even the luxurious ~ ~M of London Club kitchens must be flung into swill-barrels for pigs, because starving men and women will not demean themselves to ask for it at thé buttery-hatch. Moreover, that such are often extravagant too, everybody bas found out-here's an instance In my legal days, 1 now and then of course relieved poor folk, and sometimes passed through Seven Dials casually, 1 looked in upon an old couple to whom 1 had occasion-ally given a trine, believing them to be near starvation and I found them roasting a brace of partridges-or was it quails ? for they were waietcoated with bacon,-and 1 had the charity to hope they had iwt stolen them 1 Anyhow, 1 never called there again. And, while 1 am in Seven Dials, let me record another usefui small ex-perience. There was a lapidary handy, who had at times cut my beach-found choanites for me. One day 1 found him making scaraboei out of bits of agate and lapis lazuli. Who gave you an order for these, said I. Well, sir, 1 don't rightly know his name but he was a furriner. Was the name Signor -? That's it, sir. Then I set off straight to Sotheby's where 1 knew the Sighor's Egyptian antiquities were soon to be sold, and duly forewarned the auctioneer of these forgeries. 1 need-not detail how at thé sale he put buyers on their guard, exposing the fraud, and con-demning the peccant scarabaei to extinction. I wonder how many Grecian bronzes and copper Buddhas hâve been oast in Birmingham! 1 Yet another old friend for many years, so far Hterary in that he was a soulptor, is to be recorded in Joseph Durham it was he who, more than thirty years ago, modelled in life and made in marble after death my beautiful three-year old daughter, little Alice, epitaphed in my poems. Of Durbam's nobleness of character 1 can hère give a oharmicg trait.. 1 used to go about once a week-sometimes less. often-to Alfred Place .to see how Durham was getting on with the statue a sleeping infant , and one day, to my astonishment, 1 perceived that instead of any progress having been made in the work, it had, miraculously to me, retrograded not half so near completion as it was last week. As 1 waa wondering and perhaps not well pleased, Durham said, I had hoped you would not call, till 1 had made it îôok as it did last week,-and then you needn't have known it. Known what, friend ? Well, only this ¡ 1 came to a stain in the marble, and as 1 resolved you should hâve everything of the best,-I took another block, and. have worked at it night and day, in hopes you wouldnt find me out. There's the other figure, under tbat clotb. Now, considering that the new block involved a cost of some twenty pounds,-and that the old one might have been artificially doctored, and that anyhow the risk and loss were equitably as much. mine as his,-and further that the young sculptor had little more than daily bread, if that,-I do say aU this proves Durham to have been the noble, feltowlfound him to be for years. He is long gone, like ao many othér friends, to that Brighter World. His life-story in-this was a touohing one, as he told it to me, and 1 think known to very few besides.myself. In youth he loved and was beloved but friends and circumatanoes hinderod so she married some one eise who, to Burhaïn's constant horror and indignation, treated hia wife brutally till, one happy day, he died in some fit, probably from his own exoesses. And then here comes the sad oHmax-when Durham, having achieved fortune and fame, offered himself to his old love, thé now rich widow, she deliberately turned away with a refusa , and broke his heart 1 Was it any wonder that his grief sometimes sought. the solace of voluntary for-getfulness, or that certain false friends of his I wot of have iu their teetotal Pharisaism made the evil most of an occasional infirmity, and have blackened even with printer's ink the memory of one of God's and Nature's true noblemen 1 Besides my little daughter in marble so charmingly asleep that, in the Royal Academy, we heard one lady whisper to another, Hush, doh't talk so loud, you'II wake her ! -besidea that, his c~e BMwe, as I,always think, he modelled thé bust of her father, now in the Crystal Palace Gallery,-but would not aooept any payment for it 1 So Hke Durham,-wlio in many secret ways was ever generous and trying to do good he was aiways self-forgetfui and oniy too modest. ~propM, I remember that when Lord Granville asked thé sculptor of Prince Albert's-statue at South Eensing-ton. Whether the Queen, who was so well pleased, could do anythingforhim.suggestive, no doubt, of a knighthood-the dear unselfish Durham replied, Thànk you,'my Lord,-if her Majesty's plëased, l'm satisfied. So that chance for a title was thrown hoediessiy away, -but we aiways called him Sir Joe ever after specially among the . Noviomagians, a band of antiquaries who used to dine together jovially at many pretended and pioturesque sites of thé undisooverable Noviomagus, and among. them 1 hâve met and numbered as my frienda Chief Baron PoUok, George Godwin, Francis Bennoch, Thomas Wright, Thornbnry and Fairholt and other noted names, some of them still among the living. It gave me great plensuro as a Guernseyman to have been chiefly accessory to a duplicate in bronze of the Good Prince's statue by Durham being set up at the Pierhead of St. Peter's Port. Interest was exerted by me to get royal permission for a new east from the original, Government giving the metal of old cannons a collection from house to house was made through-out the island, granite to any extent was on the spot, meetings were held, and I had the pleasure to see Durham's grand work inaugurated there, and to find him welcomed. by all the Sixties -ay. and the Forties too-with the hospitality for which Sarnia WM in those days proverbial. In this brief record of my literary life, I ought not to ignore sundry truo and constant book-friends known tome only by correspondence, and that in some cases through many years.. I cannot touch them all, and shrink even from mentioniag one or two, for fear of seeming to omit others but 1 will endeavour to do my best and wisest in thé matter. Foremost, then, among those unseén favourers of your author is the Baroness Stanislas von Barnekow, of Engelhpime, in Sweden with whom during fifteen years 1 have interchanged cërtainly fifty letters, if bot more, hers at least being full of thé utmost kindiiness, clevernoss, and for a foreigner even truly poetic eloquence. This tribute to her~ talents and warm feel-ings is oniy a debt of gratitude. She it was who volun-tarily translated into Swedish my two first séries of Proverbial Philosophy, and many of my lyrics, in Oithara and naturally 1 was willing to answer her in kind for the Baroness is an excellent and well-known poetess in her own land , but, as unfortunately the Swedish tongue is not among my few accomplish-ments, 1 was glad to turn to a .diligent and authorial eldest daughter of mine, who learnt the language for me, and responded to our unseen friend with many of her poems rendered into English verse, as she had similarly favoured mine in Swedish. My said daughter afterwards improved upon thé idea by several more like translations, since published in book-form, as some from the Sagas, and in particular many original poems of much merit from the pen of King Oscar and Princess Eugenie, which greatly pleased them, as their photo-graphs and autographs testified the Baroness's brother, Count Von Wrede, who is the King's Chamberlain, having kindly given facilities. 1 trust that my old friend unseen, Stanislas, will not be displeased by thia proof that 1 remember with appreciation her many expressions of esteem for my unworthiness. Next, 1 do not -know that 1 have mentioned the late' learned Norman poet, George Métivier, as having long ago translated my Proverbial Philosophy into French he died at a great age, 1 think past ninety, and was highiy honoured by his native Guernsey, through life and death 1 remember him with much gratitude for his labour of love in respect of my book. Tbrough many years also I have corresponded with another Norman poet, tToA~ Sullivan, whose very cléver French poems 1 have often versined into EngHsh for him, and he hàa. returned the compliment by sending translated fly leaves of mine over thëGaIlioworId. 1 Let one more in this authorial oategory be the ex-cellent and learned Canon C. Je~~M, whom I have known from his childhood, and who in thèse latter years has routed out for me, chiefly out of Zedler's Genea-logical Encyclopeedia, the heraldry and ancestry of'my own Thuringian pedigree thé Canon being one of our keenest antiquaries in that line, and having German at his fingers' ends. He cornes, as 1 do, from old Lutheran stock, and is full both of prose and poetry of a high class. My best regards to him and his. The Rev. Wm. ~ct~ of Dorset dialect famé, is another memory as also in years past the latè C 6va-lier de Chatelain, a relative of my Norwood friend, Victor de ~ o~ a weJl-known musical authority. No doubt! 1 have corresponded with most of the literary men of my day, from Tennyson to-well, 1 will not sound a bathos, but I db not publish private notes without permission, and in fact there would be no end of such printed amenities of literature battledored and shuttlecoeked from one to another. 1 may, however, mention as a.good habit of mine is it not a good one? that, whonever I like a book, I take leave to thank its author, and have usually received, en révanche, warm letters of their gratitude from many, especially if young ones. Surely it is proper in a veteran so to encourage a juvenile or oven a mature brother, should he seem to deserve it. As also, be it known, that sometimes 1 have taken up the pen faithfully and honestly to rebuke in thèse roalistic and atheistic days there are aome modern writers, both of prose and poetry, older or younger, -who. have reason to thank me for ti.mely expostuiations,if they hâve attended to my friendiystrictures. THROucmouT my lengtbened spell of life 1 never was anything of a zealous politician. Well acquainted, as 1 have been, with many men of all manner of opinions, and having had much the sohooling of Ulysses, who had seen the cities of mnny men and had known their minds, I know perfectiy well that there are in every school of thought good men, and bad men too, what-ever may be their alleged principles, and 1 am quito willing to believe in an honest man, and stand by hinr if need be. In that spirit, for many years when 1 was a West Surrey voter indeed I am so still , 1 used to give one of my votes to Briscoe, the Whig, and the other to Drummond, the Tory, because I knew and trusted both of them for upright men as well as personal friends, and they sat together. as our Parliamentary representatives. As a matter of course, nobody understood my duplex voting,-for thoy were partisans and 1 was not,-so in that as in some other matters 1 hâve always beon a dark horse, quite independent, and'of the broadgauge pattern rather than of the narrow. For instance, hav-ing known him from youth to age, I do hot even yet despair of Gladstone though I have remained muoh where we both began, whijst he bas gone down lower, step by stép, to a zero of-what is it ?-inver~ëd am-' CHAPTER XLII. POLITIOAL. bition, whither I cannot willingly descend with him and yet, 1 do not count him an enemy he follows his conscience, as I do mine. Here waa my judgment of the Man thirty years since, printed in No. 53 of my. Three Hundred Sonnets Gladstone, throngh youth and manhood many a year My constant heart hath followed thee with praise As 'good and faithful in thy words and ways Pure-minded, just, and simple, andsincere And as, with early half prophetie ken 1 hailed thy greatness in my college days, The coming man to guide and govern men, How gladly that instinctive prescience then Now do 1 see fulnll'd-beoause, thou art Our England's eloquent tongue, her wise free hand To pour, wherever is her world-wide mart, The horn of plenty over every land Beoause, by all the powers of mind and lip Thou art the orown of Christian statemanship. That high praise was once well.deserved, and was cor-dially given but sinop, alas 1 according to.'my lights I have seen fit more than once to palinode. Thé great man's rock of péril, whereoh to wreck both his country and himself, is that fatal eloquence by which all are captured, but as with birdlime are captured to their loss. But 1 will not reproduce invidioualy-sa if false to a fifty years' iendship-auy harsh reproach, however conscientious, whereby I may have puMicly withdrawn my praise. Rather will I pass on,-and after my own fashion will here show my ambidextrous muse in a brace of political utipublishod lyrics on either aide. .PopM M'Mm. Liberty dragg'd from the fetters of kings, Liberty dug from the oeil of the priest-Bise to thy height upon zenith-borne wings 1 Spread to thy breadth from the west to the east 1 Slow, through the ages, unbound limb by limb, Thou hast been rescued from tyranny's maw, Only glad service still yielding to Him Who miethdn love by the sceptre of law t Nations have torn thee by fierce civil strife From the usurpers'who trod them to mud Saints at the stake gave up agonised life That superstitions be drown'd in hot Mood 1 Theirs was the battle-the conquest is ours-Free souls and bodies the death-wrestled prize Won from bad kingoraft, despoiled of its powers, Wrenoh'd from false priestcraft in spite of its lies t od made thé freeman, but man made the slave, Forcing his brother the shackle to wear But all those fettera are loosed in the grave, Kiug, priest, and serf meeting equally there Hère, too, and now, in these swift latter days, Freedom all round is humanity's right Thought, speech, and action, enfranohised all ways, Eager for service in Liberty'smight. That may be truly labelled- Liberal thé next, m houour of BeaconsEeld, may be fairly ticketed Tory Gréât Aohiever, nrst in place England's' son of larael's race 1 Man whom none oould make afrafd, Self-reliant and self-made,-Potent both by tongue and pen In thé hearts and mouths of mon Wielder in each anxioua hour Of thé mighty people's power, Wise to scheme, and bold to do, Who can this be,-history, who ? 1 II. Heaper of a new renown Even on Victoria's crown, Mightiest friend of blessed peace By commanding wars to cease, Paralysing faction still, Swift in act and strong of will, Forcing every foe to cower Under Britain's patient power, Like himself, firm, frank, and trne, Who can this be,-justice, who ? For other of my politicals, take this common-sense essay from my pen, hitherto unpublished 1S THE ONE-VOTE SYSTEM RIGHT OR WRONCt? a In a nation self-governed through its own representa-tives, it seems reasonable to admit that each citizen should have a vote each citizen, wo say, simply as such whether mâle or female, labourer, pauper, civil, niilitary, naval, or omcial, every one not convicted of crime nor an atteated lunatic, of full age, of sufficient capacity evidenced by being able to read and write , cglibate or married, rich or poor,-everypersou in our commonwealth should equitably, it may well bo con-ceded, Lave his or her single vote in the government of the country. Poverty is no crime, therofore the Work-, house should not disfranchiso sex is no just disqualin-oation, thereforo the woman should have her vote as freely as the man, for surely marriage ought not to' suffèr derogation and disgrace by denial of the common right of citizenship as its penalty the soldier, sailor, policeman, government onicial, and any other class which may now be deprived of their birthright by law or custom, should certainly be admitted to thé poil like other patriotio citizens in. short, manhood sunrage, it may be theoretically argued, is just and wise-manhood of course including womanhood, as suggested above for even a wife either sides with her husband or controls him in common cases and in the less usual instances where he rules, thére need be no more tyranny about poli-tical matters than about. domesticities, and so the home would scarcely. bé any the.worse even for partisan zeal. However,.whi!st admitting the theoretical propriety of a one vote for each citizen in the state, there remains to be coinsidéred the higher practical justice ofmany having more than one. Numbers alone are not the strength of a people if of infenor quality they are rather its weakness. For the Parliament of England représentation is demanded of all the virtues, talents, and acqùirements, not cortainly of the vice, ignorance, poverty, and other evils mord rife amoug the lower rungs of the social ladder than to those above them. Thé single vote system so far as the franchise bas any influence at ail depresses and demoralises every class, as reducing all to one dead levé!. Thé ballot plan is now law and. cannot well be done away with but it is manifestly a h~miiiation fur intelligence to have to sign with his mark in order that ignorance may thus feel itself on an equality and for honest geniaHty to be hushed into silent aocresy, that it may not put to shame the cunning fraud of a partizan who wishes to hide his real opinion. However, it is now too late to mend thé ballot-box let it be, aud let the single voter' use it if lie pleases. Another and a wiser scheme presents itself, practi-cally if possible even now to avert the national ruin wrought by the machinations of a rash and blind self-seeking spirit of party, often. seen hoist by its own petard, though too liable to destroy the foundations of society in the explosion. Shortly and simply, the scheme is this. Let every man, high or low, add to his one vote others as lie may and can. Be there a vote for the Victoria Cross, another for the Albert Medal, auother for long good-service in' the hous.ehold or thé farm, another for any such intellectual exploits among thé poor as .Samuel Smiles bas recorded all thèse being accessible to thé humblest, and so elevating them thus far. And now to asoend a few rungs, let additional votes be given to owners of a stated number of acres, to possessors of a certain amouut of money, to those who have been deemed worthy of public honours, and the like. A little further, let every mayor of a town have his omcial vote, and the Presidents of the Royal Society and Royal Academy, and perhaps two or three other cbiefs of science and art and so forth. Thus, tbeu, we might get, by way of oounterpoise to the voting power of a bare and overwhelming prolé-tariat, the worthier aud far sweeter voices of those who have virtues aud excellences ofYarioua kinds to recom-mend them,-so that if the lowest constituent côuMta for one, the highest may add up to six or eight. And thus, while no one of the mob is denied his one vote, those who rise above the crowd receive the more than one they hâve earned by good-doing or position, and plunip them all accordingly to the worthiest candidate., The method of ascertaimag and ensuring such votes might be this. Let each man who bas more than his single suffrage apply for the paper specially prepared to indicate the additional votes. They might be much as thus ~!M'~M C?CMM-0?M Vote MCA. For the Victoria Cross f Signature of Claimant. FortheAlbertMedal ditto. For faithful domestio service in one family ditto. tweDty-Rveyears. r For 1ield-work on the same farm thirty years ditto. Asafamousself.taughtnaturalist ditto. As owner in fee of 50 acres ditto. As possessed of 1000 in Government fuads ditto. As publicly seleoted for honour by the Queen ditto. Asmayorofsnohacity ditto. As President of the Royal Society ditto. As President of the Royal Aoademy ditto. o. o. o. Heavy penalties should attaoh to false claimants, who would be readily found by their own signatures. Ail these surplus votes, openly avowed, of course, and not kept secret as the single one in the ballot-box, would be counted up in the scores of the several candidates. Thé surplus-voting papers should be applied for, be suppHed, and be returned when filled up-by post,'and so ail such voting be accomplished on paper, as in thé élections for Oxford University, o. It is a barbarism and acachronism at this time of day to insist on the great cost and inconvenienoo of a personal appearanee,. in many cases impossible. If our people in every olass, and our legislators of .whatever party, are dissatisfied with the present system of représentation as by no means showing the nation at 2A its best, and thus practically a mistake, let them con-sider this suggestion one made long àgo by the write~ as proved by his published works. The Fb ~ JtfoMo. i. For Church and State 1 our father's honoured toast Dear England's ancient bulwark and her boast Must we now cease to build and man the wall At base Sanballat's and Tobiah'a call 1 Shall Atheistie soorn and Jesuit guile Make Nehemiah quit his work awhile, That their Arabian host may tear ail down, And trample in the dust our Zion's orown f May God avert it 1 No surrender No 1 We will not yield the battle to the foe, Nor shall the ohiidren.of our fathers thus Betray the heritage they left to us 1 ïl. For Church and State While so we dread no storm, LetnomanshrmkfromwiseandjustBeform But with a firm and faithful, yet kind, hand, Prune oankers and corruptions from the land Eumble the pride of priestoraft we are eaoh Brother to Mm who doth Christs gospel preaoh, And-though a trivial shibboleth offend-One who serves God and man shall be my friend Ay, and some loaves and fishes should be given By the rioh state to Ministère of Heavon 1 So shall both Churoh and State survive this strife, And dwell at peace with ail, as man and wife, m. For Ohuroh and Stato -Yea though the King of Heaven As bridegroom to thé Church Eimself was given, Yet is He symbolled in this earth-bound sphère By the throned presence of our Sovereign here i And, ev'n as man and wife in -figure show Christ and his spiritual spouse below, So by the eye of faith we gladly soan Our double duty-both to God and man-In yielding hearts to love, minds to obey Religion's mandate and the Ruier's sway, Defending timely, ère it be too late, Our threatened fortresses of Church and State J As to the disputed matter of Protection, 1 am for Free Trade so far only as regards the matter of pro-visions but 1 desire Fair Trade on the reciproeity'system where manufactured articles and their raw material are concerned. We absolutely require free food,-but are being ruined by the bad bargain of one-sided Free Trade otherwise. Our ships Mr. Brockelbank tells me go out empty, and return full exports fail, but imports are redundaut. As a final word about my polities, which 1 suppose may be called Liberal-Conservative, I am free to confess that 1 am only too half-hearted and am rather of Talleyrand's mind in the matter, surtout point de zélé. However, I heartily side with any one who protests against hereditary pensions, especially in the case of royal iUegitimates, as also against thé glaring impropriety of ceasing tô exact legacy and probate duties boyond a certainsum, thus favouring the million-aire, as well as of exeusingthe highest of our sooiety from all manner of taxation. Thèse pieces of favouritism to thé rich and great are only too reasonable causes of.popular discontent, and must ere long cease. 1 would shut up half the pubHo-houses in spite of all thé brewers in the Lords and Commons and for Chureh matters, parishioners should hâve some control over 1 their pastors. IfeverourEstaMiahmentisovorthrown. 4 that catastrophe will be due to clérical faults and de-faults, rather than to lay apathy or hostility. If rectors were lésa tyrannical, congregations would love them better and if curates were more inclined to Luther than to Rome, thé Protestant heart of England would the gladlier .appreciate their zeal and capabilities. As to thé social mischief of Trades' Unions, an organised conspiracy of employed against employers, fatal to.both, 1 have often exposed that evil in newspapers, though anony mously. It is an outrage on the honest working man with a family, that even in starving times he is obliged by paid démagogues to refuse work and wages unless he will give the least labour for the most pay,.as the worst of his mates are glad to be forced to do while the wicked absurdity of strikes, smasbing factory windows and destroying machinery in order. to coerce unfortunate masters to pay higher wages than they can afford, is climaxed by those brigand processions of idle roughs who go about bawling, We've no work to do, and wouidn't do it if we had. The British workmau. of course with many exceptions bas become a byword for everything unpieasant, which both large contractors and small employers avoid if they can drink, bank holidays, radical spouterp, the conceit of being botter than their betters, and above aIl that suicidai iniquity of atrikes, seem in these latter days to. have generally demoraUsed a race of citizens of whose virtues our commonwealth once was proud. No wonder that. John Bull.had to go to Germany to Bhish his Law Courts. CHAPTER XLIII. A CURE FOR IRELAND. IN connection with the above, I will hère print for thé first time a paper written long ago on the now rife subject of a cure for Irish misery at all events partially. Ireland bas been with me a theme for many kinds of literature from that usual sort of authorship, letters in the Times, to journalising on occasion, balladising in or out of season, and now and then a political squib or graver article. I have known that hapless land well in old days irom Giant's Causeway to Cape Clear have been a guest in several noted homes,, as with geological Enniskillen and astronomical Crampton know the natives well, and how they hâve been taught by prieats and démagogues to hate the Sassenacb, and like most well-meaning men, who, after every kind effort, find tbemselves utterly misunderstood, am as a -merely private and quite unprejudicedpolitician entirely at a loss .to know how to please that inipracticable people, or to mend their misérable condition. However, that in my authorial fashion I A tM tried, let the follôwing paper prove written and published nearly thirty years ago. Nations think and feel and act much as individuals do for, after all, the largest orowd of men is, only an aggre-gate of units. If contempt provokes a man to anger, and avowed negleot forces him into indolence and hope-lessnesa, we shall see the same result in masses as we do in single persons and the causes which may have generated hatred and despair will everywhere and everywhen find cures in their contraries, honour being accorded in the place of contempt, and kindly care instead of cold indifference. Thus, the far too common phrase, 'No Irish need apply,' bas doubtless wrought inanité ill-feeling and the Levite's chilling rule of passing by on the other side' evermore arouses indig-nation nationally no less than individually. Now, it cannot be denied in an ethnological sensé that the Celtic nature is peculiarly sensitive any more than it can be denied historically that its good feelings have been too often systematically crushéd, and its generous impulses seared. If the l'eutonio mind illus-trates in sterner traits the manhood of human intelli-gence, the Ceit shows its gayer youthfulness, if not indeed tha lighter phases of its recHesa childhood and it bas been a second nature for the Saxon to hold mas,tery over the Celt, as a weaker race is everywhere subject to a strong one. Moreover, opposition in re-ligious creed bas had its evil influences, scarcely yet extinct, however caustically such a cure may in vain have been hitherto attempted. We must take nations as we find them thé Keltoi and the Sakai aiways at contrariety, do not seem to have altered in character from the earliest prehistorio reports,of old Herodotus even to our own times, more than three thousand years..Racial peculiarities are known to survive the actual transplantation to new lands see in especial the Irish of America as the Roman poet bas it, 'Those who cross the sea may change their sky, but not their mind.' Therefore it is that a far-seeing and philosophical statesmanship should ever deal spocineally-and as if individually-with national churacter for example,. if we would couvert the typical Irish mind from muât we say it ? hatred of England to the love of her, we must commence as we would in domestic life, by somehow managing to please our too sensitive sister, by showing her our sympathies, and by treating her with honour instead of contemp-tuoua indifference thus investing her with thé gar-ment of praise for the spirit of heavinesa. It is a quarter of a century since the writer of this paper published in the course of a book of his, now somewhile out of print Thé Rides and Reveries of ~Eaop Smith , the following short chapter, on page 322, hère reproduced textually. It was headed The Unsunned Corner, and runs thus Ireland came upon the tapis, and JEsop said, when bis turn came to speak One of my fields, on the wrong slope of a hill-Bide and surrounded by trees, scarcely ëver sees the sun and by consequence its crops are short when arable, and when in pasture its grass sour, and the hay musty. And why then, he went on to say, shouidn't Ireland have a palace a Balmoral at.EiUarnoy, or another Osborne at Killiney~ Poor Erin is that unsunned corner of our Empire's field and it seems a thousand pities,that the kingdom of Ireland should be denied some auch special royal home as is even found rather superûuousiy at the camp at AIdershot. What if oneof those lovely arbutus-wooded islands at the foot ofM'GHilicuddy's Reeka were' ntted with a Swiss cottage for the Queen? Or if Bantry Bay supplied its marble for a royal castle near Cape Clear ? 1 Or if the railroad to Galway were supplied with a gilt carriage or two to waft Majesty and children to some western palace in Connemara ? Think you such gleams of sunshine wouldn't fertilise that poor neglected field, nor make its crops abundant, and its peasants happy? z Think you that the gold mine of Royal bounty, and the graciousness of Royal favour, would not work a blessed change for grateful Ireland 1 Try it, 0 good Queen t-a Viceregal Court, excellent as ours is now, is but a sorry substitute for the real Majesty, nickel for eilvèr, electrotyped plate in-stead of the true golden buffet not without snobbism too, and toadyism and vulgarism and other détestable small heresies. If but once in three years Viotoria's rural Court were housed in an Irish palace, her présence would do more for happiness, prosperity, and patriotism than..all of these that Maynooth grants have ever hindered. Thus ~!sop Smith in 1858 delivered his mind on the matter. It is by no means pretended or supposed that a palatial résidence would of itself cure Irish evila aud misfortunes but it might be a step towardsthisgood resuit!, and at any rate would rembve one very allegible accusation of negleot Ireland should enjoy the like privilèges with her sister kingdoms England and Soot-land and however inadéquate, ~f'M, suoh a simple prescription may soem as jEsop Smith suggeats, his advioe contains at least one very obvious and easy cure for Irish disaneotion and 1 am not aware that either by.pamphlet or in Parliament it bas yot been seriousiy mooted. Thé Celts are a folk of easentially loyal in-stincts but much as Americans often are heard to complain in their own behaJf they have, as an inde-pendent nation, no seen and known object for their loyalty. Since the days of Brian Boroime at his mytbic court of Tara, the Irish people have hardly set eyes upon thé monarch of their country perhaps if we except the conquering William of thé Boyne our elderly Adonis, George the Fourth, was the sole specimen of English Majesty that has illuminated Ireland until our gracious Queen herself made two very short but notable visita-tions in 1849 and 18~ yet even in the Georgian instance, unfavourable as personally it must have been, the enthusiastic reception he met with some sixty years ago at the hands of his Irish subjeots is still reniembored after two générations with a gratefui and effusive loyalty. Imagine, if only from such an example as this, what might be the bohencent effect of our good Queen periodically visiting her kingdom of Ireland, and per-manently having thero soine such happyhomestead as Osborne or Balmoral if also, in her absence, one of the princes of our Royal, house represented his Imperial mother as Vicoroy and if'in their train the tide of aristooracy, wealth, and fashion Ëowed in upon im-poverished Ireland. It is not easy to caloulate the advantages of such a social revolution as this and surely, in spite of many obvious objections, such an experimeut might be worth the trial. A beginning might avowedly be made in the right direction, by building or purchasing some suitable castle as a permanent palace for Ireland's Queen say, for old assooiation's sake, at Tara, if ànyhow adaptable,-or any other picturosque neighbourhood connected with some anoient chieftain of the Irish quasi-heptarchy wherein a Royal Establishment might be commenced, in present proof of the serious intention as to an early future résidence the mind of the people might be thus prepared for the speedy coming of their Sovereign and her Court, and would be softened and gratified by the evident confidence and good-feeling thus shown as well as their condition materially benented by the necessary expenditure that must be laid out looaJIy in labour and materials, giving work to the needy, and so helping to cure Erin's chief disease,poverty to the verge of famine. As to actual life-peril,-every due precaution being taken,-the happy result of such a humanising experiment might fairly be left to the generous native loyalty of a kindly treated people, and to the gracious guardianship of God's good providence. 1 am sure that present Royalty would neither be boy-cotted nor burked. We remember with what generous cordiality our Prince and Princess were received by ail classes and creeds in their recent brave visit to Ireland. I cannot honestly protend to have always taken quite so amiable a view of Oeltio matters. 1 plead guilty to having more than once assailed in print Daniel O'Connell and his kind, and to have written a pair of once famous poetical fly-leaves, Edn gobragh and Hurrah for Repealt copies of which beyond my arohivod ones can now only be found in the Ballad Collection of the British Museum, which 1 used to supply with my Sibyllines at a chief librarian's ro. quest 1 forget the name, but he coHeoted suoh placards. 1 fear the two above were not very complimentary but'what can one do for a perverse people, who com-plain of it as a wrong that they are excused the Queen's .taxes? Also I wrote certain famous letters on Ireland, especially four long ones signed T. iu the Times of January i8 .7. In Ireland I hâte caught a salmon at Killarnoy and cooked it too on an arbutus stake I have bruised my shins at the Giact's Causeway 1 have been an honoured guest at olassioal Florence Court have picked up native gold at Avoca have donc the Round Towers, possibly Phoenician Baal-temples have handled Brian Boroime's harp and have been shooked everywhere by the poverty and degradation of that musical barbarian's misérable because idle people. What can be done for those who will not help themselves ? 1 HAVING often been asked to put on record my fow and far-between experiences of spiritualism, as on several occasions I have verbally related them, 1 hâve hitherto neglected or declined to do so, on account of having really seen little, whereas many others have seen far more. And on the whole it is to me rather an unwel-come task from several considerations first, because, 1 hâve never wished to add, by my apparent testimony, to the rising tide of unwholesome superstition in that or any other direction secondly, because I had always a crowd of more important matters to look after, and, porhaps, was inclined to indolence in thé d!o~ far niente respecting things of less consequence to myself and thirdly, in chief, beoause, albeit 1 have seen and heard a few of thé petty miracles avouched for other-wise by thousands of better witnesses inexplicable to my own reason, 1 yet entirely abjure and renounce this so-oalled spiritualism as any part of my personal belief. In 'particular, it seems to me quite an inconclusion to give to. the spirits of the doad, or to any other exist-ences, good or evil uniess, indeed, by possibility to our-aelves as magnetically and sympathotically influenced by sorne motaphysical potonoies whereof we know next to nothing , the seemingly miraculous powers exhibited, CHAPTER XLIV. SOMB SPIRITUAUSTIO REMINISOENOES. however weakly and childisbiy, in numberless s6ances, privileged to possess among the company an ecstatic medium between as is assumed themselves and beings immaterial. The little 1 hava seen and heard shall, however, now, upon a reasonable call, be related simply and honestly, without any theory beyond what is parenthetically alluded to in my last sentence, and with no attempt at explanation, but only the expression of this truth, viz., that no collusion apparently was possible according to my judgment in any of the following manifestations, and that 1 promise only to state plain cts, however others may seek to expound them. Of course, where cunning and dishonesty may contrive conjuring tricks it is not worth while to treat such manifestations seriousiy, but 1 speak of what seemed to be genuine, if trifling, marvels. To. begin, then, with my earliest expérience, written down thé same evening, and sent to the Brighton Gazette, from 'which 1 give a.n extract. The date. is Thursday,January 25th, 1849 thé host, the late Mr. Howell, of Hove the performer, Alexis, pupil of M. Marcillet, who accompanied him. After clairvoyance, induced by passes, Alexis is-bl.indfolded carefully, and then, with the host's own pack of cards, wins blind-folded at ga.mes of écarts with myself. Next, a French book, brought by an inoredulous physician, was placed open upon thé forehead of Alexis, who read aloud some lines of it. This experiment, with variations, was several times.ropeated. The third was my own test. 1 had sealed up Bomething unknown to all the world but myself.in twelve envelopes of white paper. Alexis, pla.cing. thé parcel on his forehead, in broken and difficult enunciation, said it was writing, two names, both commencing with M one of them an English name, the other French, or some language not English that the first contained four letters, the second six being really nine , but he failed to give the names, which were Mary Magdalene. 'It waa suggested that if they had been written in French his mind might bave more easily discerned them. After this, several locks of hair and sealed-up parcels, watches, and lockets, were with sonie unsuccessful attempts guessed at, seemingly to the satisfaction of the ladies and gentlemen who had respec-tively brought them for explanation. The last experi-ment regarded a large bon-bon box covered up, in which the host himself had concealed a mystery. Alexis described it as wrapped in several folds graven ail round, oval, a portrait of a young person of eighteen, but done a long time ago, set in gold, femme habillée en blanc elle est morte, la tête au droit. In all these respects the object waa faithfully described, in particular to the long time ago, which, by a date on the portrait, was found to be 1769. And there were some other experiments, but Alexis, as appearing to be well-nigh worn out with mental exertion, was then mercifully unmesmerised. 1 may mention, by the way, that the said host at whose house Alexis attended wu a firm believer in the power of the human will, and as conneoted therewith, in mesmerism, whereby he used to cure people of head-aches aud other iuërmities and, at length, through his philanthropie and energetio attraction to himself of .other folks disorders for he fanoied he imbibed for his own behoof the pains he drained ct 6~~ , he un-happily became d paralytio, dying not long aftor. One of his less perilous attempts at the miraculous, 1 remem-ber was this he brought a street Arab into his drawing-room, and put a half-crown down on the carpet for him to pick up if he could, and keep for himself however, this the boy found, to his wonderment, to be practically impossible, seeing that Mr. Howell had secretly.willed that he could not and should not pick up the prize. But such eË'orts of a man's strong will are well evi-denced in numerous other instances, and serve to prove that no spiritual interferences beyond our noble selves are essential to such mysteries. Amongst other reminiscences of the marvellous, 1 may refer to a private exhibition in the Bernera Stroet Hôtel, to which I was invited by Mrs. Washington Phillips of whom more anon , to investigate Mr. Ver-non's influence over a little girl some twelve years old. Thé child's specialty was an alleged capability of read-ing without eyesight, the back of her head low down on the nape doing duty in the way of vision. To omit nùmeroua other suecessfui examples some failing, which 1 thought so far évidences of the absence of collusion , 1 will detail my own conclusive experiment. But let me anticipate an objection relating to the exhibitor him-self. Some of'our pai-ty, a very distinguished one, and known to eaoh other, kept Mr. Vernon in conversation at a distance, while the child was reading our thoughts, or the actual words of print unknown to ourselves, quite independontly of his manipulations ho having first oomatisod her into a mesmerio state of trance. Thé invited guests were told, as in the Alexis case, that wo might bring our own, tests and 1 had put into my pocket a smaU volume ofMilton. om whioh she might read. on thé nape of her rieok, if she could, We had 1 previously bandaged her oyes, even to plaistering them up and were only bidden to be careful not to let the handkarchief cover the place of reverted seeing on her neck. 1 stood behind the child, and, without knowing where 1 opened my little Milton, placed the expànded volume on the back of her head and forthwith, slowly and with diniculty, as a child might, she read two lines of blank verse, which 1 and all immediately verified 1 Now, 1 state a fact which 1 cannot explain for 1 my-self had not seen the lines, so my own brain was not read neither could Mr. Vernon nor any one else have been concerned in the matter. 1 believe this sort of thing to be well-known to spiritualists, and they may, for aught 1 know, refer it tô aNgelic or necromantic interposition whereas, what physicians. tell us of hypochondria is, perhaps, a mysterious explanation nearer the mark. The same child, refreshed into an abnormal ecstasy takihg thé hands of several of our party professed to read their thoughts, with admitted success in some in-stances. With me she failed, but then I was not con-sidered MH'o!~ o~. Female believers are always much more susceptible than masculine sceptics. However, I certainly had proof of thé child's marvellous power in, this slight matter following. Two young ladies had successfuiïy brought her in spirit into their mother'a drawing-room in Berkeley Square, the child graphically explaiuing ail she saw as she was mentally lèd along, and. on being asked if she noticed anything new and pretty on the mantel-piece, she got upand placed herself in an attitude of dancing, and she said there was a nguro and it was clothed in lace. This was true it was a bisque statuette of Tag ioni. On being led round the room, still in spirit and clairvoyante, the ohild strangely described wax-flowers under a glass, and laughed heartily at TaSy riding his goat,a china ornament which she could have known nothing ô~ With respect to the lady who invited us, 1 can relate a strange story wherewith the Brighton doctors in 1848 were familiar. Mrs. p. had an invalid daughter subject to violent headaohes, and as she had read of the remedial powers of mesmerism from Chauncey Townsend's book, privately resolved to try and cure her, and soon set her to sleep by the usual passes. However, when after twelve and even eighteen hours the girl could not be awakened, Mrs. P. and her husband a dergyman, who knew nothing of the cause were alarmed and summoned doctor after dootdr, to wake her, if they could. But all was in vain, until some one turning to the peccant and magical volume found that by the simple proceas of reversing the passes the abnormal sluniber might be made to cease. This was done at once and all came more than right, for the girl woke up with. out her usual hoadache, and was cured from that hour At this time of day after thirty years and more, society having become wiser, and our médical men more physio-logically hygienio, we all nowwot of mesmerism, and innumerable cases of cure through that mysterious form ofcatalepsy, For another small experience, 1 have several times been' among a orowd of others at public exhibitiona of those who speak off-hand in prose or verse, in. spirationaUy as they call it, but as thé outer world prefer to believe, improvisatorially, and oertainly amid auch gifted persons Mrs. Oora Tappan stands out prommently in my memory. At the Brighton Pavillon as B I gave her for a theme to be versified on the spot ex-tempore my own heraldie motto, L'espoir est ma force, and to my astonishment, in a burst of rhyméd éloquence she rolled off at least a dozen four-line stanzas on Hope and its spiritual power. Some one else among the audience gave the subject of cremation, and forthwith the lady descanted with terri6c force on funeral pyres and the horrors of Gehenna whilat a mâle performer affected to personate sundry well-known dead orators. of past days for as the inspirers were supposed to be disembodied spirits no living orators were allowable , and he certainly imitated both voices and topics with singular success. But everybody bas heard of this sort of thing, sufficiently remarkable as a mental effort and we have all similarly wilneased the more material marvels of Maskelyne and Cook,I nown to be mechanical contrivances which are still riddles to the world. Again, there are those who draw and paint in a. con-dition of spiritual ecstasy and I remember visiting à public exhibition in Bond Street, exclusively of most curious and intricate pictures, asserted to have been inspired by dead artists, some being elaborate nouriah-' ings of scenes and figures, said to be thus depicted as -with lightning speed. As to living artists, there are in existence several excitable youths and damsels who.write and draw very rapidiy in an ecstatic state, and I my-self possess a dreamy conglomerate of mioroscopio faces crowded together, and stated to have been drawn thus instantaneouely to prove to us thé cloud of witnesses, thé innumerable company of angels, by whom we are continually surrounded. I pretermit with brief mention sundry inexplicable wonders, such as those wherewith the, spiritualistio papers are frequently full, only stating that I was one of those who investigated the case of thé Rev. Mr. Vaughan's pew-opener, at St. James's, Brighton, whose daughter was thought to be bewitohed. Certainly, atrauge knockings accompaniod her when she came in at my call, much like those 1 heard many years ago at Rochester, U.S. and her mother a pious and credible widow assured me, with tears of unfeigned anxiety, that the chairs and etools followed her about !-a state-ment only half credibla, when we reflect that there is an animal magnetism as well as a minéral one, and that we know nothing of the reasons of either. Our ignorance on such matters is so profound that we may fairly be crèdulous unless we obstinately refuse altogether our belief in human testimony but if we- dare to do this, higher interests are endangered than spiritualisties. Our religion is mainly based upon credible évidence. There .is certainly much that is mysterious in the toy they call Planchette, a triangular thin slab of polished wood on a couple of small whoels, with a pencil at the apex. Hands laids upon this by two persons properly conditioned, will give apparent vitality and volition t thé small machine, and make the pencil seem to write ôf itself in answer to expressed or meditated questions. At a wealthy mansion in South Kensington, for instance, 1 saw two charmiug young Italian ladies, aisters, cover-ing rapidly sheet after sheet with the abstrusest essaya on oocult subjects, given to them to write upon inspira tionally and the chiëf wonder was as a learned friend by me well observed where the knowledge came from, so seemingly infused into two unsoientino young girla. Afterwards the said learned friend tried Plan ohette with me, and wo were considerably startled to find that when 1 asked of the so-called spirits, What think ye of Christ? the pencil under our uncon-sciously-guided hands made answer, With the utmost révérence I need not assure mankind that neither my friend nor 1 both incredulous and unwilling witnesses lent ourselves or one another to any deception, and were mentally inclined, if at all, to the expectation that the spirits might rather blasphéme than bless. It is rigbt to mention tbat, beyond the pair of young ladies and our two selves, only the host and hostess were in the room of whom 1 have this further wonder to report, vi , that the host, whom 1 must not specify by name without hie leave, is amicted with blindness, notwith-standing which and his alleged incompétence towards poetry as an old naval o cer, his wife showed me several copybooks full of blank verse written by him in a hand unlike his own, and supposed by them to bé inspired by Young, as a continuation of his Night Thoughts. The captain and his lady also told us how irequently flowers and aweetmeats ! were showered on them from thé ceiling at their domestic dual séances aud on another occasion a lady showed mywife and,me a paper of seed pearis, alleged to have been flung into her lap from the heavens-through the ceiling-by her departed lord and master 1 Similarly, a lady well known in the professed!y spiritualistio circles, deposited round her chair, in the dark, at Mr. S. 0. HaU's, a profusion of bouquets-probably from Covent Garden~-and that, notwithstanding the hostess had herself searohed the lady before the séance, as it waa known tbat Mrs. G.'s special gift from thé spirits. was the multiCudinous creation of flowers t Really, there must be a stand somewhere made to credulity but, at all events, thé venerable host and hostess believod this, on what seemed to them reasonable evidence, and quite forgave me for not believing it too. And this brings me, naturally enough, to give a de. tailed account of thé two best and last séances 1 ever took the trouble to attend for 1 have, during many years, entirely avoided such exhibitions, as generally childish, mentally unwholesome, and to some people dangerously seductive. 1 had several times asked my worthy friends last alluded to, to give me and a friend of mine, a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, thé privilege of assisting at a séance under their experienced guid-~noe and accordingly we were invited to meet Mr. Home, the high priest of spiritualism, a quiet, well-mannered gentlemanly person enough, known to our host from his birth. The other guests were a countess, thé widow of a colonel, and a distinguished physician in all we numbered eight. My iend and 1 were re. quested privately, by. our host, to conceal our probable ihcredulityifwedesired the favour of the spirits in the way df manifestations and. as these were what we came for, besides our own polite désire to do at Rome as the Romans do, we readily assented to the reasonable request. After the usual greetings and small talk of the day, and tea and coffee and so forth, we all took seats round the drawing-room oircular table, a very weighty onë, as 1 proved afterwards, on a gigantic cen-tral pillar, and coverpd with a heavy pièce of velvet tapestry and before commencing the special business we came for, I was pleased to hear our host propose that we should all kneel round the table and offer up prayer this ho did, simply and. beautifully, in some words ex-temporary, closing with a Ghurch oolleot and the Lord'B Prayer. On my expressed approval of this course, when we rose, Mr. Home said it was always his custom, as a precautionary measure against the self-intrusion of evil spirits admittedly a wisdom, even if it seemed some-what unwise and perilous to be more or less courting the company of such unpleasant guests, if a séance as experienced afterwards did not happen to be made safe by exorcism. And now the gaslights bracketed round. the room were put as low as possible, making a dim, religious semi-darkness however, as there was a bright fire in the grate, and some small scintiDae of gas, and one's eyesight soon gets accustomed to any diminution of light, we could soon see nearly as well as usua!. This gloaming is a common condition in séances, and for aught any one knows may be an electrical sinè qud non as needed for animal magnetism albeit some paid profes-sionals may possibly find darkness a very useful voil for cheatery. While we were chatting round the table, and Mr. Home enjoined this as better than the silent sobriety 1 looked for-suddenly the table shuddered, and a cold wind swept over our hands laid upon it. They are coming now, said Mr. Home, whioh every-body seemed glad- of, though that cold wind felt to me not a little uncancy, but 1 said nothing in disparage-ment, for fear of stopping a manifestation. Soon loud knocks were heard, apparently from thé middle of thé table, and on sundry spirits being alleged to be présent, Mr. Home proceeded to question them through the ordinary olumsy fashion of thé alphabet, and some unimportant answers .were olicited, whioh I fail to re-and in common honesty must not invent. We wore soon to soo stranger things and 1 suppose the séance was exceptionally suceessfui, as I afterwards noticed some of it in print. For while we were looking and expecting, suddenly the table began to tilt this way and that, and then as if by an effort the ponderous mass, with all our hands still upon thé velvet pall, positively mounted slowly into the air, insomuch that we were obliged to rise from our chairs and stand to reach the surface. I could see it at least two feet from the car-pet, and Mr. Home invited me to take especial notice that none of the company could possibly be lifting the table indeed, thé strength of all of us combined would hâve been barely enough for sueh a heavy task. Of course, every one else but myself and friend supposed that the spirits had kindly done this miracle'to please us but I unfortunately said Oht 1 Mrs. Hall 1 it will crush your chandelier one of Venice glass, very pre-cious -at which unbolieving remark, probably, the spirits took umbrage, for at once the table ceased ascending, and with a slow oscillation descended very gently on to the carpet. This sort of petty miracle is a frequent expérience among the spiritualists, and how it is oSected I cannot imagine. There could be no con-trivance or machinery in our host's drawing-room, as must be the case imitatively at the Egyptian Hall none of thé company. could be conspiring to deceivé, and more than all, that huge, heavy table rising up against the law of gravitation waa onbugh to chase away all inoreduUty. One fact is stronger'than fifty théories and one reliable success ôverweighs a thousand ilures. 1 testify to that whioh 1 have seen. But more, and more wondrous, was to follow. AU at once Mr. Home flung himself baok in his chair, looking wild and white ' and then rising slowly and solemniy, went to the still bright fire, into whiolr he thrust bis unproteotod hands, and taking out a double handful of live coa!s, placed them-as a nre offering-upon Mr. Hall's snow-white head, combing the hair over them with his fingers, ail which our host appeared to receive more than patiently-religioualy. Thereafter Mr. Home placed them in the Countess's blonde-lace cap, and carried them, as a favour vouohsafed by the spirits, to each of us, to hold in our banda. When he came to me, Mr. Hall said My friend, have faitb. Yes, I anawered, and courage, too whereupon 1 was blest with a good handful of those wonderful coals, still hot enough to burn any skin but, somehow or other, I felt no pain and had no mark. Here was another law of nature put to shame, in the miraculous fact that fire was seemingly deprived of the power of burning. How this could be, 1 cannot guess but 1 record manfully the fact as witnessed. After this, an aécordion held under the table by Mr. Home with one hand, the other being upon the table, positively .played a tune of itself -Yo banks and braes o' bonnie Doon -requestod by Dr. Chambers, tbat being the tune his dead child loved so. I was requested to look under the table to see the spirit-hand operating near thé carpet but 1 saw nothing except the vitalised accordion expanding and coritracting of itself, being held tightly at the upper handie by Mr. Home. Some of the oompany, however, claimed to see and to shake hands with the child, and Mr. Home requested me to ask for a similar favour by placing my hand open under the table this, accordingly, I ventured to do, with the result of feeling my thumb sensibly touohed and thrilled, which 1 WM told was a good sign of favour from the spirits-albeit in my own mind 1 remembered what our omniscient Shakespeare sings at the mouth of one of the Macbeth witches, By the pricking of my thumbs Something wioked this way oomes and failed to feel quite comfortable. Soon, however, Mr. Home said Thé accordion is leaving my hand and 1 saw the mysterious thing crawling on the flbor like a lame dog till it got into a corner. Of course, I suspected a secret string but all at once it moved out and came back, moaning ~Eolianly as it went,. and stood up beside thé chair of Mrs. Colonel N. S., who patted it lovingly thence passing behind me it went and stood beside the Countess, who aiso caressed it and then Mr. Home said Now ask the spirit to come to you whereto I acceded, and the accordion crept near me, as if unwillingly, and stood up but when I touched it the thing shrank from my unsympathetio hand, and fell down flop. After this, I noticed that my naval friend was staring with all his eyes at something over our military widow's head, and that his hair it is red, which colour is very apiritualiatio stood on end as with fear. What's the matter, P. ? 1 asked. Don't you see it rosponded he, What? Il Thé grey figure behind Mrs. N. S., bearded like an Egyptian Sphinx. That's thé Colonel! exolaimed Mr. Hall, and the widow bowed religiously, with a Dear t is it you ? On this, as my friend waa terribly frightened, we soon took leave and when, we went home, I found that he was so, pursued by spirits rapping all about him, that he actually vacated his own room and slèpt in mine, for protootion 1 against thë invisible, on two chairs till morning broko ! when he feared the spirits no longer. 1 may mention that this insight into an immaterial' world he having been incliued before to pyrrhonism quite altered bis career, and that soon after he took holy orders. In this connection I may state, that according to a printed account I hâve seen, both Mr. and Mrs.~ Hall were con-verted from avowed materialism by spirit manifesta-tion, and that whea the question of C~t OMO~ is raised, his expérience and that of divers others the aforesaid Dr. Ohambers in particular will avouch for thé practical usefulness of thèse inexplicable marvels. But I must have done, with only one other reminis-cence soon after that at Ashiey Place. This time the venue is Fitzroy Square, and the company to omit needless détail was a polyglot one, consisting chiefly of a German merchant, a Hebrew financier, a French governess, my naval friend aforesaid, who was quick at Latin, and I,.who more or less remembered my Greek. Of course English was represented in the two only other guests and it will be seen how strangely philology ënters into this my next and concluding anecdote. After plenty of other rappings and noises I noticed by thé way that all thé métal things in the room, as castors and cruets-it was a dining-room-and wine coblers and bronze chandelier, were clicked and clanged , and after the usual stupid alphabet questions and answers had been exhibited after also the -heavy mahogany table on nve substantial pillars had been miraoulousiy moved about the room and tilxed, as we failed to effect at the ~Mo~e when we tried all at once a thundering knook quite shook the table and st rtled us, on whioh Dr. Connell, our unprofessional medium for the nonce, as he had eeon more of spiritualistics than we had, oallod for the alphabetioal test to ascertain who it could be that knocked so furiously, for the blows were often repeated. So then, by the slow method of letter by letter, he made out the name JamMic, and then gave it up in despair, as he said it was a mischievous imp that was sporting with us but the knocks still con-tinued, and some one suggested that perhaps this strange Dame was foreign, and that his own language would please the incensed spirit botter than English. Accord-ingly, he was addressed by the assembled circle severally in French, Gerinan, Hebrew, and Latin, all in vain when 1 bethought me of Greek and the Pythagoreans and spoke out su .Ta~Kccs Art thou Iamblieus? -on which, as if with joy at having been discovered, there waa a rush of noises and knocks all round the room my perfervid imagination faucied the flapping of wings , and immediately after there ensued a dead silence 1 So we soon broke up and went home. Open-ing my classical dictionary at Iamblicus, 1 read what 1 certainly had not seen or thought of for more than thirty years, that he was an author on thé mysteries of the Egyptians, and was bracketed with Porphyry as a professer of the Maok art. Was then this un. pleasant visitor to Fitzroy Square no other than that magician redivivus ? An awkward possibility.. And now to bring these scattered réminiscences to a practical conclusion. What can I, what can my readers décidé, on a rational considération of the whole matter It is, no doubt, very banling to judge how rightiy to think about it. 1 have stated a few facts that have come. under my own personal knowledgo but thore are thousands of others similar and oven more extraordinary, whioh numerous persons quite as crédible as 1 am can' vouoh for in like manner to bo true facts while remain-ing unexplained miracles. For myself, I must suspend judgment waiting to see what in thèse wonderful times -some further development of electricity, for example, may haply produce for us. After recent marvels of the telephone, microphone, photophone, and I know not what others, why should not some Edison or Lane Fox stumble upon a form of psychic force emanating from our personal nervous organisation, and capable of operat-ing physically on' all things round us, the immaterial conquering the material it pervades ? 1 Some such vague theory as to spiritualistic manifestations may be a far more rational as well as pleasing explauation of thèse modern marvels than to suppose that our dead friends come at any medium's summons to move tables, talk bad grammar, and play accordions or that angels, good and evil, are allowed to'be employed in mystifying or terrifying the frivolous assisters at a séance. Beyond and after this, I might add, but for its too great lengtb, the indisputable testimony of certain friends of mine as to inexplicable writings on locked slates and paper, the revelation of secrets, nay visible apparitions, and both records of the secret .past and révélations of thé still more secret future afterwards fulnlled,-to all whioh I cannot, as an honest man and a believer in human evidence, refuse to give a distinct testimony, even though conjurors perpotually baffle our confusedjudgment. In this connection I will extract from one of my Archive-books the curious story of a mysterious koy in whioh my family are still interested for thé secret is not yet solved. In the fourteenth volume, then, of my Archives ocoura this long note, aooompanied by thé drawing whioh 1 made years ago of the weird-looking key with a loose ring handle, a threefold staircase body, and a strangely ringed column. My father died in his sleep, December 8, 18~, at Southwick House, in Windsor Park, on the same night after Its owner, Lord Limerick, had also died there in his arma, my father having been his medical friend for thirty yeara. My father used to carry in his pocket a strange key, whereof the figure was vèry unusual, as it folded up, and though large he carried it in his pocket habitually and ho used to say in his quietly humorous and reserved manner, 'under thitt key lies a fortune ' my mother and I and others remember this well. When 1 came to be executor, there was nearly nothing to guide me as to the amount of my father's property,-and 1 certainly did not sucoeed iu realising all that he was supposed to have acquired. It was wonderful that with his large income he left so little.. So, wo all thought that some hoard locked by this key contained the missing treasure my father's habituai taoitumity. and secretiveness favouring this idea. But, nowhere could the lock to fit it be found nowhere either at banks or lawyers or anywhere about our old house in Burlington Street or at Albury, ap-peared thé chest or cupboard containing the fanoied accumulations and to this hour, June 12, 18~3, nearly thirty years after my father'a audden death, bas thé mystery not been cleared up. Once, on an occasion of a spiritualistio ~Mce at Mr. Carter Hall's, I handod the said key ,to Mr. Home when entranoed, and ho sbuddered at it, and uttered the name 'Elizaboth Hendërson,whioh 1 thought at the time a bad guess, as one utterly unknown to me but oddly enough it' 1 proved to be the name of the Queen's housekeeper at Windsor. However, on inquiry nothing further came of this, for she was not in office when my father died at the Park. To-day I have taken the key to a Miss Hudson, a clairvoyante, who never saw me before, nor was told my Dame, nor my errand, except that I laid that key silently before her. She can tell me very little, except that the mystery is soon to be cleared up, and that certain spirits from description possibly my mother and brother William much wish it. I gave no sort of clues, but the medium guessed at my father's character, and at the long lapse of time since the losa of the chest, and at the hiding of it in some 'bank, whether underground or at a banker's did not appear. The medium's 'attendant spirit'-one 'Daisy,an Indian papoose'- says it is 'in a dark place, like a vault, and .mouldy.' 1 am urged to inquire further. Miss Hudson, a common-looking but respectable woman of about thirty,-iving in a lodging near Bloomsbury Square,-utterly ignorant who I was and all about me, -said in her spirit voice that 1 was a writer of books, and did gréât good, and was inspired by two spirits, one of the fair and lively sort all in white, and thé other an old philosopher-a strange guess at my mixed mediey of writings. Miss Hudson promised me that I should soon know the secret of the key, because the spirits wiéhed it, and because there was a blue magnetic circle round the key. F.It is only proper to state that up to this pré-sent writing, January 13, 1886, 1 have heard nothingat all from the spirits aforesaid, and that the family key ia as mysterious as ever. My own reaàonable explanatiion of the medium's haïf true guesses is that she might have read my own dim thoughts about the matter naturally I would think of my dead mother and brother and myself and thought-reading is a form of animal magnetism which some people possess more than others. Of late, as we all know, Mr. Cumberland and others have exhibited their mysterious powers of perceiving and expounding the secret thoughts of those who chose to be thus mentally vivisected and I myself have this smaU expérience to record. Asked in a drawing-room to 'think of something, the hostess answered my thought by 1 don't know what it means, but there's a great .b deal of green with a white star going round and round in it. Quito true, was my reply, 1 was thinking of Ewhurst windmill. In my ahonymous prophetic ode, Things to Come Bosworth, 1852, long out of print , at its eleventh section, thought-reading and other like metaphysicais are strangely anticipated, ending with-Into some other wicked man'a mind BHs foolish brother is peeping to Rnd, Caught.in foui éaoitement's snare, Thé Lying Future there t .EvjEB since Schiller wrote his ~amous song about a poet's heritage ay, aud long before that, as it will be long years hence , authorship lias been noted for anything rather than wealth albeit, nowadays, we hâve had such fortunate scribes as Dickens and Thackeray and Trollope, who severally have left piles of well-earned money behind them though they all had encountered previous mischances before. Aocordingly, in this true record of my life, I must not omit it~ reverses, for, though born with a silver spoon in my moùth perhaps a bismuth one, such as in my chenucal days 1 melted in hôt, tea , and always having had plentiful surroundings, there has been often much aiso of financial embarrassment, though not always nor usually from the author's fault. 1 am uot going to accuse others any more than myself, only hinting that it bas been costly to be a sieeping-partner, especially when the chief fails that it is discouraging to economic thrift when the investmenta wherein you place your savings corne to an untimely end that in particular the Albert Life Insurance was a notorious swindie, wherein more than twenty years' of banked-up prudent earnings, besides the original policy, vanished in an hour that my early efforts to win forttuie wëre CHAPTER XLV. FICELE FORTUNE. stumped from impediment of speech and that some of those on whom I depended, as well as others dépendent on me, met with misfortunes, deaerved or undeserved. Anyhow, 1 have just now no reason to complain of bursting barns or inflated money-bags. Everybody knows so 1 need not blink it that some time ago a few friends kindiy got up a so-called testimonial for my benefit but that sort of thing had been over-done in other instances and it is small wonder that although certainly not quite such a fiasco as with Ginx's Baby the trouble and care and humiliation are scarcely compénsated i~here the costs and defaults are considerable however, 1 desire heartily to thank its promotera and contributors, one and all even those who promised but never paid. With reference to other efforts, my two Transatlantio visits, and divers reading tours at home, show that self-help never was neglected, as, indeed, former pages will have proved. Accprdingly, as Providence helps those who help themselves, or at aJl events endeavour to do so, 1 still lean on thé heraldic motto. given to -Général Volkmar von Tophere by B,enri Quatre, ,L'es-poir est ma force. I will here add two American anecdotes whereby it might seem that heretofore 1 have unwittingly jilted Fortune when she would have bleat me with her favour. 1 had just landed in New York after a stormy fort-night in thé Asia it was A.D. 18~1 and taken up my quartera at thé Astor House, to rest before friends found me out. But my arrivai had been published, and before, in private, 1 had taken my first refreshment, the host, a colonel of course, came and asked if I would allow a few of my admirers to greet me. Doubtiess, ao natural vanity was willing, and through my room, having doors right and left, forthwith came a stream of well-wishers all shaking hands and saying kind words for an hour and more at last they departed, all but one, who had come first and boldly had taken a chair beside me when the crowd were gone, he bluntly or let it be frankly said, l'm one of the richest men. in New York, sir, and I know authors must be poor I like your books, and have told my bankers naming them to honour any cheques on me you may like to draw. My dear sir, I replied, you are most considerate, and all 1 can say is, if I have the misfortune to lose this packet it was a roll of Hemes's circular notes I shall gladiy acceptyour oner but just nowl hâve more than I want-~300. 'Well then, sir, come and stay at my house, Fifth Avenue. This is very kind, but several friends here have specially invited me, so I am com-pelled to decline. Then, s!r, rny yacht in the harbour is at your service. Pardon me,-but I would rather forget all memories of the sea at présent,-with'due thanks. Thon, sir, my carriage bas been waiting at the hôtel all this time, let me have thé honour of taking you.to see Mrs. So-and-so, who is anxious to rneot you. Of course I could not refuse this, nor the occasionàl loan ,of his handsome turn-out whenever other iends let me go. Who knows how nearly 1 then missed smiles from the blind goddess, by rny sturdy refusai of her favôurs, for 1 heard afterwards that the wealthy Mr. was childiess t Again, at Baltirnore, a.fter rny Historical dinner see a former page , cornes up to rne a very shabby-lôoking man, as 1 thought to beg. He sidied up and whispered that ho wanted me to go home with him. l'm afraid I rather snubbed 1 him but was sorry for it afterwards, when told that he was the rich old miser So-and-so, who had never taken a fancy to any one before. What a doit 1 must have been to snub away the possible codicil of a miUionaire'! On page 3 of this book I proposed no mention of private domesticities or of personal religious experiences -the one being ofinterest merely to my family, the other a matter between God and the soul. However, the recent sudden death of one for fifty years my faithful friend and companion in marriage, urges me to record here simply her many excellent qualities, which must not be passed by without a regretful word as if I were a Stoic, or as if my dear good wife of half a century could be silently forgotten by her bereaved husband and chil-dren. I began this biography when she was in her usual health and spirits, but soon after its commencement a fit of apoplexy took her unconsciously from our happy circle,-andve are made to feel bythis aSiotion, as also by another over leaf, how truly in the midst of life we are in death. Her body awaite the Resurrection in Albury Churchyard, and her spirit lives with us in aRee-tionate remembrance. DE BEAUVOIR CHANOERY SUIT AND BELGRAVIA. M? lamented son, Henry de Beauvoir, active and athletic, was killed in South Africa by the most un-likely accident of being jolted on the front seat in a rutty road and crushed to death under the wheel of an ox-waggon creeping at two miles an hour 1 This sad event occurred on May 31, i8~t and thé news-papers at thé time, both British and South African, fully recorded not only the accident but the heroism of thé brave youth, the kind but unavailing assiduities of friends, and the municipal honours accorded to him at his funeral, when the mayor and council, the volun-teers and chief inhabitants of King William's Town every window shuttered followed him to the grave, where Archdeacon Kitton read the solemn service and some months after, a marble headstone was placed over his remams. His two, brothers have written some touching stanzas to his memory but they are private. I mention all this sadnesa now by way of publicly acknowledging the kindness of Archdeacon Kitton and, other friends at King William's Town, not fqrgetting a most friendly officer of the American navy, from whom we have received many excellent letters and présents from ail round the world, ever since he was among thé Qrst to break to us the death o~ my son, now Ëfteen-years ago 1 désire, then,' cordially to thank T. G. for these CHAPTER XLVI. kindnesses as also Mr. Robertson, of Brechin, N.B., whose son was Henry's African comrade, with him at the time of the catastrophe, and following him to the grave. Henry having been for good ancestral reasons chris-tened de Beauvoir, remiuds me of a memorable matter of our family history which, as it is on record, 1 will, here relate. In the days of King James I. to quote with pedantic omissions from a pedigree , one Peter de Beau-voir, descended from a younger branch of the ducal house of Rutland, had an eldest son, James, whose daughter Rachel married Pierre Martin my spiritual sponsor after Martin Luther , and her daughter married a Carey of Guernsey, whose descendant married my grandfather. Peter's second son, Richard, married a Priaulx, also related to us, and her daughter married a Benyon, in Charles II.'s time, whose descendant is now the mil-lionaire, Sir Richard Benyon de Beauvoir of Reading, o. o. Now, this is thé strange fact which bas always puzzled me as well as others. The old De Beauvoir was a very thrifty miser, and died two hundred years ago possessed of great wealth, which bas increased enor-mousiy up to our day, seeing he bad landed property in the north of London,. now including De Beauvoir l'own. In the second generation, bis grand-daughters Rachel Martin of the elder branch and Marie Priaulx of the younger, contended at law for the inheritance after some intestacy and a terrible lawsuit raged in Ohancery for 150 years, between thé Tuppers and thé Benyons,-and was carried even to the House of Lords, being finally decided in my memory for the Benyons. 1 remember my unole saying he would not take thirty thousand pounds for his individual ohanoet'-but my lésa sanguine father carod not to join in the lawsuit,-saying he woùM not throw good money after bad. For my own judgment, and I can speak as an old conveyancing barrister though without business or expérience of nearly fifty years' standing, our side as the elder had the best right, though the two sisters might well and wiselyhave shared in a compromise. Butsomehowit came to be decided that the younger claimant of that vast property must bave all,-and the elder be atrangely left out in the cold. After the conclusion of the Lords, further litigation was hopeless so those whom I now represent as almost the last of the Abruzzi must acquiesce in getting nothing, while the opponent side bas the good luck to possess, as Dr. Johnson has it, wealth beyond the dreams of avarice. Such is life,-and law the most obstinate and the riohest win the less pertina-cious and the poorer are allowed to fail it is a process of Darwin's survival of the fittest. Ail this is now too late to mend but 1 do hope that if ever 1 go to Engelfield Castle, Sir Richard will be kindly and genial to his far-off cousin, who but for some legal quibMe unknown might have dispossessed him. My father numbered among bis patients the Duke of Rutland, and 1 have heard him say that they half-humorously called each other cousins. A LOST CHANCE IN BBMBAVIA. In this connection of possible good luck .that nevor happened, let me record this. Another of my father's patients was thé long deceased Earl Grosvenor, grandfather of the present Duke of 'Westminster and about him 1 bave a tale to tell, which shows how nèarly we might have been possessed of, another vast property-but wo missed it. One day in my boyhood, 1 remember my father coming,home after his round and telling my mother that he had a gréât mind to buy thé five Ëeids of Lord Grosvenor's, beoause he thought London might extend that way. Those five fields are now covered with the palatial streets of Belgravia,-but were then a dismal marshy Bat intersected by black ditches, and notorious for high-way robbery, as a district dimly lit with an oil lamp here and there, and protected by nothing but the useless old watchman in his box it is the tract of land between Grosvenor Place and Sloane Street. His lordship had a reputation for parsimony, and he fancied it a bargain if he could sell to my father those squalid fields for ~2000,-so he offered them to him at that price. When my mother heard of this, she was dead against so extravagant an outlay for that desolate région so much dreaded by her whenever her aunt's black horses in the old family coach ploughed their way through the slush MacAdam had not then arisen to givô us granite roads to caU on an ancient relative, Mr. Hall, who possessed a priceless cupboard of old Chelsea~hina, and lived near the hospital. A tradition existed that the said family waggon had once been stopped thereabouts by some vizored knight of the road, and this memory connrmed my mother's disapproval of tbe,purchase. So my father was dissuaded, and declined thé Earl's offer. 1 don't suppose that if he had accepted it the property would long hâve bëen his, but must have changed banda directly he bad doubled his investment otherwiae, imagine what a bargain waa there t-However, nobody can foresee anything beyond au inch or a minute, and so this other chance of weaith beyond the dreams of avarice long agbfaded away. CH-APTEBXLVII. FLTINO. A LECTURE which I gave at the Royal Aquarium on September 28, 188.3, on the Art of Human Flight, at-tracted at thé time a good deal of newspaper notice my friend Colonel Fred. Burnaby being in the chair, supported by several other aeronautical notables. From a rough copy by me I have thought 6t. to proserve the exordium hère, just as spoken. 'Tis sixty years since,aa the title-page to Waver-ley bas it,tis sixty yeara since a little ChaTterbouso sohoolboy of thirteen called on one Saturday afternoon his half-holiday at. a shabby omce up a court in Fleet Street, with a few saved-up afiillings of pocket-money in his hand. His object was secretly to bribe a balloon agent to give him a seat in the basket on the hext night from Vauxhall ho-~ever as, either from pruden-tial humanity or commercial greed, thé clerk stated that five pounds was the nxed price for a place, and as thé aforesaid little gentleman oould only produce ton shil-lings, the negotiation came to nothing,and I, who had coveted froni my cradle the privilège that a bird enjoys from his nest, waa fortunately refused that juvénile voyage in the clouds whereof when 1 told my ex-cellent mother, her tearfull joy that 1 had Mt made the perilous ascent aneotionately consoled my disappoint-ment. So it is that as often happons throughout life, and 1 am a living proof of it, our Failures prove to be the best Successes for certainly' if my boyish whim had been granted, and 1 had thereafter taken habitually to suoh aeronautical flights, at once perilous and unsettling, that young Carthusian would aoarcely hâve stood before you this day as an ancient Proverbial Philosopher. However, let that pass 1 only acted-as oftentimes 1 since have longed to act-on the dasire we al feel to have thé wings of a dove, and fly away and be at rest,noating afar from the drosa and dust of earth into the blue expanse of the heavenly other -a thing yet to be acoomplished -or I will confess to be no pro-phet in thèse days of electricity, concentrated and accumulative after thé fashion of M. Faure, aided per-haps by some lighter gas, some condensed form of tamed dynamite,-thèse elevating and motive powers being helpedbyexquisite mechanism either as attached to t~o human form if the nier be an athlete or quickening a vehicle with napping wings impelled by electricity, in which he inight sit if said flier is as burdened with too solid flesh as some of us -thèse mixed potencies, 1 say, of eleotrioity and gas, ought at this time of thé day to be so manipulated by our chemists and mechanicians as to' issue-very soon too-in the grand invention than would supersede every other sort of locomotion,-humanHight. I once met at Baltimore, and since eise~here, a olever young, American mathematician and engineer, Henry Middleton by name, who ahowed me, at his father's place in South Oarolina, parts of a model energised 1 by the motive-powers of gas and electricity, whioh he hoped would suocessfuJIy solve the problem of nying but the Patent Office at Washington was burnt down soon after, and in it I fear was his machine. At all events 1 have heard nothiug of his project since. I may mention, too, that I believe 1 have among my audience this evening Mr. De Lisle Hay, the author not only of that recent very graphie book BrighterBritain, but also of another, more cognate to our present topic, entitled Three Hundred Years Hence, now out ofprint, though published only three years ago. In this latter work he has a chapter on Our Conquest of the Air, and imagines a Hghter gas called by him lucegene, as also a bird-like human flight very much as I had con-ceived it forty-one years ago. He tells me also that the best vehicle for nying might be an imitation of the side-long action of a flat fish in water but how far ho bas worked upon this idea I know not.' Possibly, if in the room, he may tell us after I release you. It is most worthy of notice, that in the almost solitary BibHcal instance of winged angels see Isaiah vi. 2, and a corresponding passage in Ezëkiel-aII other angelio ministers being represented as etherealised mon thèse are somewhat like birds in outline, though having more wings.-with twain covering the head so as to, cleave the air, with twain to cover the feet so as to be a sort of tail or rudder, while with twain they did fly even as Blake, and Raffaelle, and some other paintërs have depicted them. I mentioned this once to Professer Owen, our great natural philosopher, in a talk 1 had with him on human flight, and he thought suoh seraphim very remarkable in the light of analogous comparative anatomy. Ovid also in a passage before me advocates our imita-tion of birds if we would fly bodily m his De Icari Casu, he says with omissions -Naturamque novat nam ponit in ordine pennas A minirna. coeptas, longam breviore sequenti Sic imitentur aves geminas libravit in alaa Ipse suum corpus, motâque pependit in aura. Which, being interpreted, means this,-Nature he reproduoes, ranging Bne From least to longest feathery plumes aline, Thus imitating birds, that on the air With balanced wings are poised in lightness there. Whilst our noble Laureate in Looksiey Hall goes in for aerial machines, Argosies of magie salis, and 'airy navies grappling in the central blue, As to that essay of mine published in the first number of Ainsworth's Magazine, August 1842, long before the Patent Aerial Company started their projects, and very much noticed at the time,-Mr. Claude Hamilton in--grafted it in his work on Flying 'the Duke of Argyll in a note before me commends this principle of copying nature as the true one a Signor Ignazio of Milan in 1877 adopted almost exactiy my Flyi~ig Man,-which was for the lecture enlarged from Oruikshank's etching of my own sketch an aerial flapping machine, a sort of nying wheelbarrow, was some twenty years ago exhibited at Eenaington whilst in the Daily Telegraph for July 10, 1874, you will find recorded the untimely death of one M. de Groof, the Flying Man, who unhappily perished at Cremorne after a sucoessfû! llight of 5000 feet. AU thèse are on record. 1 EXTRAOT FROM PROVERBIAL PHILOSOPHT Series iv. p. 37~ . yO o!m~Mj. All of us have within us the wandering Orusoe spirit We come of Norse sea-rovers, and adventurers full of hope And man was bade to tame his earth, to rule it and subdue it,-Whereby our feet-solea tingle at an untrod Alpine peak-But shall we not fly anon with wings, to shame thèse creep-ing paces, Even as steam hath worked ail speed on land and sea before 1 Is not this firmament of air part of the human heritage, Whioh man must conquer duteously, as nrst his Maker willed 1 There needéth, but a lighter gas, well-tutored to our skill, The springing spirit to some shape of delicate steel and silk,-A bird-like frame of Doedalus, and gummed Icarian plumes, Ancient inventions, long forgotten, to be found anew 1 When shall the chemist mix aright this rarer lifting essence To make the lord of earth but equal to his many sparrows f When will discovery help us to such.conquest of the air, And teach us swifter travel than our creeps by land and water? And finally from my Three Hundred Sonnets hear Sonnet No. 189.-~M-Throw me from this tall olia,-my wings are strong, The hurricane is raging fierce and high, Myspiritpahts,andallinheatllong s To fly right upward to a purer sky, And spurn the olouds beneath me rolling by Lo thus, into the buoyant air I leap ConBdent ahd exulting, at a bound Swifter than whirlwinds happily to aweep On 6ery wing the reeling world around Off with my fetters -who shaU hold me baok f My path lies there.-tho lightning's sudden traok O'er the blue oonoavo pf.the fathomlesa deep,-0 that 1 thus could oonquer epaoe and time, Soaring above this world in strength sublime 1 CHAPTER XLVIII. LUTHER. 1 GAVE a second lecture, one on Luther, at the same place, and on the like solicitation of Mr. Le Fevre, Président of the Balloon Sooiety the date being November 9, 1883. Of this lecture, not to be tedious, 1 will here give only the peroration. And now, in conclusion, let us answer thèse reason-able questions What has Martin Luther done and sunered tbat we at this distant interval of four centuries should reverence his memory with gratitude and ad-miration ? What was the lifewôrk he was raised up to do, and bow did ho do it ? and what influence have his labours of old on thé times in which we live?-We must remember that in the sixteenth century priest-craf~ bad culminated to its rankest height of fraud, cruelty, vice, and superstition the lay-folk everywhere were its serfs and victims, not to mention also numbers of the worthier clerios who hated but could, not break their bonds. Luther was the solitary champion to head and lead both the remonstrant layman and the botter sort of monk up to the thon well-nigh forlorn hope of oombating Antiohrist in his stronghold Luther broke those chains for ever o~,the neoks~f groaning nations,. -freeing to this day from that bitter bondage not alone Germany, Sweden, France, and England, but thé very ends of the earth from America to China with-out the energies of Luther nearly four hundred years ago, and the living spirit of Luther working in us now, we should be still in our own persons adding to the Book of Martyrs in the flames of the Inquisition, still immersed in blankest ignorance, with the Bible every-where forbidden, and soientino research condemned, still cringing slaves at the feet of confessors who fraudu-lently sell absolution for money, still both spiritually and politically thé mean vassals of an Italian priest instead of brave freemen under our English Queen. Luther relit the well-nigh extinguished lamp of true religion, and'it shines for him all thé more gloriously to this hour Luther refreshed the gospel sait that had thrôugh corruption lost its savour, until now it is more antiseptic than ever as the cure of evil, more purifying than ever as the quickener of good Luther, under God's good grâce and providence, has rescued the con-.science and reason of our whole race from the thrald'om of self-elected spiritual despots, who worked upon the superstitious fears ôf mon as t6 another~worid in order to strengthen their own power in this Luther, for the resuit of his great labours, is more to us now thàn ever was the fabulous Hercules of old,-for he has cleansed the real Augoean stable,more than any mythiçal William Tell,-for he bas ensured the boon of ever-lasting liberty, more to us than a whole army Qf so-called heroes in conquest, patriotism, or even local philanthrôpy.-for the enemies he fought and van-quishod were our spiritual foes.-the country hé opened to us is thé heaveuly one.he good-doing he inaugurated is wide as the world, and shines an electric universal threefold light of faith, hope, and charity. H~Mftt by requat, for ot '-XMttJfe t a w M 'M 'y j A M -A. The Reverend E. Bullinger set thia to excellent music and it was trans~tod for Oontinenta.1 use into German, French, Swedisb, and Hungarian in thé same mètre. As quite a cognate subjeot hère shall be added my ballad on WyoliRë, aiso written by request .Zt~ Martin Luther deathless name, Noblest on thé soroll of Famé, Solitaiy monk,-that shook, Ail the world by God's own book, Antichrist's Davidian foe, Strong to lay Goliath low, Thee, in thy four-hundredth year, CHadIy we remember here. How, without thy foroefui mind, Now had fared ail human kind,-Curst and sooroh'd and ehain'd by Rome, In eaoh heart of hearth and home 1 But for thee, and thy grand hour, German light, and British power, With Columbia's faith and hope, Ail were orush'd beneath the Pope t God be thank'd for this bright morn,. Whèn Eisleben's babe was born 1 For the pious peasant's son, Liberty's gréât flght hath won,-When at Wittenberg he etood All alone for God aud good, And hia Bible flew unfurl'd, Flag of freedom to the worid Distant beaoon on the night Full five centuries ago,-Harbinger of Luther's light, Now four hundred years aglow,-Priest of Lutterworth we see AU of Luther-worth in'thee 1 Lo, the wondrôus parallel,-Both gave Bibles to their land While, the rage of Rome to quell, Princes stood on either hand, John of Gaunt, and Saxon John, Cheered oach bold oonfessor on. Both are resoners of souls, Cleansing those Augoean styes-Superstition's hiding holes, Nunneries and monkeries Both gave liberty to men, Bearding lions in their den t 'Wyolinë, Luther glorious pair, Great Twin Brethren of mankind Conscience was your guide and oare, Puriiyingheartandmind, Both before your judges stood, Hère I stand,, for God and good.' Eaoh had liv'd a martyr's lifo, Still protesting for the faith Yet amid that fiery etrife, Eaoh esoap'd the martyr's death Resoùed from the fangs of Rome, Both died peacefullyat home. CHAPTEBXLIX. FINAL, A FEW last words as to sundry life-experiences. 'Whether we notice it. or not, we are guided and guarded and led on through many changes and chances to thé gates of death in a, marvellousiy predestined manner if we pray about everything, we shall see and know that, as Pope says, In spite of wrong, in erring reason's spite, Onetruthisclear,whatevoris,isright and thé trustful assurance that the highest wisdom and meroy and power orders all things will give us comfort under whatever ciroumstances. 1 believe in prayer as thé universal panacea, philosophically as well as de-voutly and that walking with God is our highest wisdom as well as our deepest comfort. Lot no man tbink that a sick-bed Is thé best place to repent in. ,'When thé brain is olouded by bodily .ailment there is neither capacity noreven will to mend matters a man ie at the best then tired, lazy, and dull, but if there is pain too all is worse. Listen to one of myold sonnets, and takeitagoodadvico -De!ayno 6iïinor, till thehour of pain Toaeekrepentanoë! pain is absolute, 2D Exaoting all the body, all the brain, Humanity's stern king from head tQ foot How oanst thou pray, while fever'd arrows shoot Through this torn targe,-while every bone doth aohe, And the soared mind raYes up and down her oeil Restlesa, and begging rest for meroy's sako 1 Add not to death the bitter fear of hell Take pity on thy future self, poor man, While yet in strength thy timely wisdom can Wrestle to-day with sin and spare that strife Of meeting all its terrors in the van Just at the ebbing agony of life. I have great faith in first impressions of intuitive liking or disliking. Second tboughts are by no means best always nor even often. Charity sometimes tries to induce. one to think botter of such a person or such a situation than aûrst feeling ahrinks from,-but it won't do for long the man or the place will continue to be distasteful. My spirit apprehends instinctively the right and the true and through life I have rélied on intui-tions which some have called a rashness, recommending colder cautions but these latter hâve seldom paid their way. A country parson was right in his diagnosis of Iscariot's character aa that of a low mean fellow aud he judged reasonably that ail the patient kindliness of One who strove to make such Hia own familiar friend was so much charity almost thrown away, except indeed as to spiritual improvement of the charitable. It is right that in a book of self.revelations, like this genuino autobiography, some spécial recognition should be made before its close of gratitude to the Great Giver of all good, and of the spiritual longings of His pénitent. Thèse feelings 1 prêter to show after the author's poetio oustom in verse. Let the first be a trilogy of unpub-lished sonnets latëly written on ~ ! jSM~ Be. i. Il We-all and ea.oh-hâve faculties, and powers Here undeveloped, lying deep within, Crush'd by the weight of ciroumstance and sin Latent, as germs conceal their hidden nowers, Till some new clime, with genial suns and showers Give them the force consuminate life to win Even so we, poor prisoners of Time, Victims of others',evil and our own, Cannot expand in thia tempestuous clime, But full of excellences in us sown, Must wait that botter life, and there, full blown, In spiritual perfeotness sublime The prizes of our nature we shall gain, Whioh now we struggle for in vain-in vain t n. Who does not feel within him he oould be Ànything, everything, of great and good f That, give him but the chance, ho could and would Soar on the wings of triumph strong and free f And think not this is vanity, for lie, If one of Glory's hoirs, is of the band I said that ye are gods !on this we stand Through the eternal ages innnito, 'Growing like Christ in hope and love and light As grafted into Him there shall we see, And know as we are known no hindranoe then Shall bind our wings, or shùt our eyes or ears Led upward, onward, through tep million yeam, We shall expand in spirit,-but atiH be Men. s in. Eaoh hath his specîalty we see in aome Music or painting, eloquence or skill, With, or without, an effort of the will, As by spontaneous inspiration come Ev'n in this mingled orowd of good and ill, To make us hail a Wonder -but Eisewhere Without or let or hindrance we shall use Forces negleoted hère, but nurtured there Till ail the 'powers of every classio Muse, Ninefold, may dwell in each-as eaoh may choose Since Heaven for créatures must have creature gifts, Not only love, religion, gratitude, But also light, and every force that lifts Man's spirit to the heights of Great and Good. For a second take my recent open protest against the pestilential atheiam so rife in our m!dst I. My Father everpresent, everwise, and overkind,-The Life that pulses at my heart, the Light within my mind,-My Maker, Guardian, Guide, and God, my never-failing Friend, Who hitherto hast blest me, and wilt bless me to the end,-How should I not aoknowledge Thee in ail my words and ways, And bring my doubts to Thee in prayer, the prayer that turns to praise ? 1 How can I oeaee to trust Thee, who hast guided me so long, And been from earliest ohildhood to old age my strength and aong ? 9 il. My Father Gréât Triunity For Thou art One in Three, The mystery of mysteries, a threefold joy to me,-What deep delight to dwell uponthe philosophic plan Of Thy divine self-saorifioe in God boooming man, And taking on Thyself in Christ the sins and woea of all Redeemed to higher glory from the ruin of their fall, As humbled and enlightened and enlivened into love, By the Pure Spirit of sweet peaoé, the-fieart-indwelling Dove 1 My Father, Abba, Father t For Thou callest me Thy ohild, As in Thy holy Jesus and Good Spirit reoonoiled,-0 Fatiter, in this evil day when atheism is found Dropping its poison seeds about in'all our fallow-ground, Shall I keep coward silence, and ungenerously forget The Friend that hitherto hath helped me-and shaU help me yet? 7 Shall unbelief, all unabashed, proclaim that God is Not,-Nor faith with honest zeal be quick this hideous lie to blot 1 IV. Ho! Christian soldier.-to the front! 1 and boldly speak aloud Thé dear old tmthe denied by.yonder Sadducean rowd,-That every inch and every instant we are guided well By Him who made, and loved, and loves us more than tongue can tell That, though there be dread mysteries of cruelty and crime, .And marvellous long-suffering patience with these wrongs of time, Still, wait a little longer, and we soon shall know the cause For every seeming errbr in the Ruler's righteous laws v. A little longer, and our fâith and hope,and works of love Shall reap muniBoent reward in. those blest orba above, Where He who being God of old beoamo our brother here Shall weloomo us and speed us on from glorious sphère to sphère, Until before His Father'9 throne the.Spirit with the Son Shall give to evèry Ohriatiah then the crown hia Lord hath won And through the ages ih ail worids our wondrous ransomed race ShaU bless thé Universal King of Providenoo and Qraoei For a third, my testimony as to the wonders that surround us 1 have called this poem The Infinities. Lift up your eyes to yon star-jewelled aky, Gaze on that firmament caverned on high,-Marvellous universe, infinite space, Studded with suna in nxt order and place, Eaoh with its system of planets unseen, Meshed in their orbits by comets between, Worids that are vastèr than mind may believe Whirling more swiftly than thought can conceive, 0 ye immensities 1 Who shall declare The glory of God in His galaxies there 1 H. Look too on this poor planet of ourS Torn by the storms of mysterious powers, Evil contending with good from ita birth, Wrenching in battle the heartstrings of earth,-Ah 1 what infinities circle us hère, Strangeness and wonderment swathing the sphère t, Providence ruleth with care most minute, Yet is fell cruelty torturing the mute, Infinite marvels of wrong and of right, Blessing and blasting each day and each night. m. AU things in mystery riddles unread i Nothingbutdimnessofgnessesinstead Oniy begirining, where none see the end, Nor where thesa. infinite énergies tend Saving that ohrysalis-oreaturea are we, Till we grow wings in that oeon-to-be 1 Everythinginnnite Nature, and Art, The sohemes of man's mind, and the throbs of his heart, Infinite orayings for botter, and best, TemperodbyinnnitelongingBforrest. IV. Then, as the teleacope'a miracle drew Infinite Heaven's vast worida into view, So doth the miorosoope's marvel display Infinite atomies, wondrous as they 1 A mere drop of water, a bubble of air, Teema with perfections of littleness there Infinite wiadom in exquisite worka AU but invisible everywhere lurks, While we confoss as in great so in small, Infinite skill in the Maker of all. v. And there be grander infinities still, Where, in Emmanuel, good haa quenoh'd ill Infinite humbleneaa, highest and Srst, Choosing the doom of the lowest and worst Infinite pity, and patience,-how long 1 Infinite justioe, avenging all wrong, Infinite purity, wisdom, and skill, Bettering good through eaoh effort of ill, Infinite beauty and inflnite love, Shining around and beneath and above 1 And let thia simple hymn be the old man's last prayer, bridging over tho long interval of well-nigh fourscore yeara between cradle and grave with a child's ûrstpiety -Zow M~Z~. My son, give Me thine heart 1 Yes, Àbba, Father, yes t Peifeot in goodness as Thou art, I will not give Thee less. But I am dark and dead, And needThy grâce to live. ¡ Father, on me Thy Spirit shed, To me that sunshine give About the much-vexed question of Eschatology and the final state of the dead, 1 hâve long since grown to thé 'happy doctrine of Eternal Hope-ultima.tely for all perhaps even siding with Burns, who as the only logical way of eliminating evil gives a chance to the puir Deil albeit thé path for some must be through thé terrible Gehenna of fire to purify, and with few stripes or many to aatisiy conscience and evoke character. As for that text in Ecolesiastes about the tree lying where it fell, commonly supposed to prove an ùnchanging state for ever,-it is obvious to ana~er that when a troe M eut dôwn, its final course of useful-Thus only oan I say When Thou dost ask my love, I will return in earth's poor way Thy gift from heaven above. There is no good in me But droppeth from on high, Then quicken me with life from Thee, That I may never die. For if lama son-0 grâce beyond compare A ohild of God, with Jesus one, In Him I stand an heir In Him I live and move, And only so oan give Animmortality-oflove, ToTheebywhomIlive. Then melt this heart of stone, And grant the heart of flash, That all I am may be Thine own, Renewed to love afresh. ness only then e~MS, by being sawn up and converted into furniture muoh as when a human being's work here is finished, he is taken hence to be utilised else-where. Everlasting progress is the law of our exist-ence, whether here or eisewhere,-no stopping, far lésa annihilation. And then the character of our Maker is Love, this Love having satisned Justice by self-sacrifice, and nothing is more reiterated in the Psalms than that His mercy endureth for ever which cannot be true if bodies and spirits-even of the wicked-are to be condemned by Him to endless torment. Adequate punishment, and that for the wretchëd creature's own improvement, is only in accordance with the voice of reason, and the voice of inspired wisdom too for though our Lord Christ warns against a fearfui retributiou in-volved in the phrase of thé undying worm and the unquenchable fire, as He was looking over the wall of Jerusalein into Tophet and the valley of Hinnom where the offal from the thousands of saorinees was perpetually rotting and being burned, so taking hie parable from an incident, as 'usual -He yet went and preached after death to thé spirita in prison, probably to those who were then enduring some such purgatorial punishment. After all, this sentence of King Solomon as to a fallen tree, so dften misapplied, is not one of thé higher forma of inspiration even St. Paul qualifies hia own sometimes and there are several disputable texta in Proverbs and, if taken literally for exposition, we all must admit that the felling of a tree is thé immédiate precursor toits further life of usefuinoss. Let us, then, rational.ly hope that the dead in Christ will be improved from good to botter and best and that even those who hâve failed to live for Him in this worid may by some purifying éducation in the next corne finally to the happy far-off end of being saved by Him at last. The words everlasting and forever are continually used in Scripture to indicate a long time,not neces-sarily an eteraity sea Cruden for many proo . More-over, if all hope of improvement ends with thia life a doctrine in which such extremes as Atheism and Cal-vinism strangely agree , what beoomes of all the com-monest forms of humanity, its intermediate failures, too bad for a heaven, and too good fer a hell to say less of insane, idiotie, and other helpless créatures and the millions of the untaught in Christendom, who never have had a chance, and billions of the Heathen brutal-ised through the ages by birth and evil oustom ? 1 Yes for all there must be in the near hereafter continuous new chances of improvement and hopes of botter life. There is. one poem in the volume superadded to my Dramatica whioh 1 will introduce here, as it is quite a tour de force in its way of double rhyming throughout, and bas, moreover, excellent moral uses so 1 wish'it read more widely. ~M~ the Voit. Mystenes 1 crowding around us, Ho.w ye perplex and oonfound us,-Eaoh our ignorance soreening Hidden in words without meaning 1 Who knoweth aught that is certain Veil'd behind mystery's purtain? 2 Seeing the wisest of guesses Foolishness only expresses. Anoestry ? ruthlessiy moulding Bodies and soûla in unfolding How suoh a mixture confuses Judgmeht's indulgent excuses, While the derivative nature, Still a responsible oreature, Yieids individual merits, Biassed by what it inherits. Oiroumstance ? mighty to fashion Ipstant occasion for passion, Gripping with olutch of a bandit Weakness too weak to withstand it,-What ? shall it mar me or make me 1 Neither, till faith shall forsake me-For, with good courage to nerve me, Ciroumstance only oan serve me t Destiny! doth it then seem so! 7 Or oan the will we esteem- so, Change the deoree at a bidding, Us of that destiny ridding,-If with no fatalist weakness, Battling in boldnesa and meekness, We are determined to master Every defeat and disaster 1 Providence ordering all things, Both of the great and'tho small things, Equally eaoh of us guiding, Guarding, destroying, providing,-Fixt, beyond human foreoasting, Both as to Hessing and blasting,-Yet, though we darkly discern Him, Quiok'ning the prayer that may turn Him t Evil?-0 direat enigma, Whiapered and terrible stigma By foqla to thé Good One imputed, As if everlastingly rooted t How so ahaÛ wtong to no ending Still with the Bight be oontending 1 Must not the bitterest leaven Melt in the meroy of Heaven , Or can old Baal, the sun-god, Boast there are two gods, not one god, Satan, the rebel infernal, Régent with Christ the Supernal ? î Come, blessed end, through the ages, When no more wiokedness rages, When no iniquity hinders, But sin is burnt down to its oinders 1-Cruelties ?-'somehow permitted,-With its mute viotims unpitied, Tortured in nature's dellance On the false pretext of science,-Shall not some mon of gladnesa, Balance the throes of pain-madness,-Muât not the crime of thé cruel Burn into souls as its fuel ? l Never oan wisdom's creation Be stultined annihilation, But eyery poor unit that liveth Shall live in thé life that He giveth,-Yea, for that mon of glory, Rovealed in millennial story, When earth with beatined features, SMnes the new Heaven of créatures. Death ? Is it all things, or nothing ? Either the Spirit unolothing Unto new living for ever,-Or the dread penalty-neverl Death,-if thou art but thé portai, Leading to glories immprtal, Why should we tremble to near thee, How be the oowards to fear thee, Sinoe the worlds Mazing above us, Peopled by angels who love us, Stand our fatherly mansions, Fitted for spirits' expansions 1 Where are. the dead ? and what doing ? 1 StUl their old trines pursuing 1 Or in the trance of a slumber, Orowded by dreams without number ?-Dreams of unspeakable sadness, Dreams of ineffable gladness,-As the quick conscience remembers Evil and good in their embers,-As it lives over in quiet, Time and its orgies of riot, Or the good gifta and good graces, Bright'ning its happier phases,-As it sees photograph'd olearly, Crystalised sharply and nearly, Lifo and its million transactions, Fancies and feelings and factions,-Every prayer ever uttered, Every ourse ever muttered, AU the man's lowest and highest,-These are thyself, when thou diest t Filling thee, after thy measure, From the full river of pleasure, Or as the fruit of thy sowing, Pangs of remorse ever grbwing,-In thee ail Heaven upspringing, Or ite dread opposite ninging Blaokness and darkness about thee,-Both are within, not without thee 1 Yot,-in that darkness, -we grope for Somewhat far off, yet to hope for, That through some future repentance, Justice may soften its sentence. Ere from the dead He had risen, 'He preached to the spirits in prison, Is this a text that His aid is Still to be hoped for in Hades 7 Wrath may endure for a season,' Both in religion and reason,-But if ita end must be never, 'Where is His mercy for ever' ? î Ay,-after long retribution, Mercy may drag from pollution Souls that have suSered for ages, Working out sin's bitter wages,-Su that the end shall be glorious, Good over evil viotorious, And this Naok sin-night of sorrow, Blaze into gladness to-morrow And so 1 make an end of this autobiography, wi h the humble prayer tbat I may hâve grâce given to finish my course in this life usefuUy and with honour, at peace with God and man mindful of that caution of Tellus, the Athenian, as recorded by Herodotus, nojb to judge any man happy until he is dead the Christian adds, and is alive again t Let me conclude with some noble lines of Ovid in his Epilogue to the Métamorphoses, which I bave Bnglishedbelow -Jamqno opus exegi quod neo Jovia ira, neo ignes, Neo poterit ferrum neo edax aboiera vetustas. Oum volet illa dies, quoe nil idsi oorporis hujua Jus habet, inoerti spatium mihi Ëniat oevi,-Parte tamen meliore mei super alta perennis Astra ferar nomenque erit indelebile nostrum. Quaque patet domitis Romana potentia terris, Ore legar populi perque omnia seooula fama Si quid habent veri vatum proesagia viVAM. Now have I done my work whioh not Jove'a ire Can make undone, nor sword nor time nor fire. Whene'er that day, whose only powers extend Against this body, my brief life shall end, Still in my better portion evermore Aboyé thé stars undying shall I soar. My name shall never die but through all time Whenever Rome shall reach a oonquer'd clime, There, in that people's tongue, shall this my page Be read and glorified from age to age Yea, if the bodings of my spirit give True note of inspiration, 1 shall live F THE END. MUMMC BV BAt.t.AttTVfK, HAttSOt AND CO tDU MtM M AND LONDON.
[OCR_aligned] Of!g!nat! ts Me NFX43.120.tO Texte détérioré retture défectueuse NPZ43.120.~ · VALABLE POUR TOUT OU PARTIE DU DOCUMENT REPRODUIT . r. f art n Tupper's Buto~oorapb? MY LIFE '~AS AN AUTH , ~ ~j t MARTIN FARQUHA~,TU~ .EFf.~ MARTIN ~r p D.C.L. F.R.S. tMj~ ~ vo, vh~m. LONDON SAMPSON LOW, MAm-The InnmtieB -A Childlike Hymn-Eternal Hope-Merey'for Ever-The Assuranoe of Ovid .417-43! MY LIFE AS AN AUTHOR. CHAPTER I.. PBBLIMINARY. I HAVE often been asked to prepare an autobiography, but my objections to the task have ever been many and various. To one urgent appeal I sent this sonnet of refusai, which explains itself@@ You bid me write the story of my life, And draw what secrets in my memory dwell From the dried fountains of her failing well, With commonpiaces mi~t of peaoe and strife, And such émail faots, with good or evil rife, As happen to us ail@@ have no tale Of thrilling force or enterprise to tell,-Nothing the blood to@.Rre, the ohoek to pale My life is in my books thé rooord there, A@truthful@photograph@.is@aIlIohoMe To give the world of self, nor will excuse Mine own or others' failures glad to spare From blâme of mine, or praise, both friends and foes, Leaviag@unwritton@whatCtod@only@knows. In fact 1 fdwaya rejocted thé proposai wa@med by récent volumes of pestilenfial réminiscences and,would none of it not only @'om its apparent vainglory as to the inevitable extenuation of one's own faults and failures in life, and the equally certain amplification of self-registered virtues and successes, but even still more from the misuhief it might occasion from a petty record of commonplace troubles and trials, due to the changes and chances of this mortal life, to the casual mention or omission of friends or foes, to the influence of circumstances and surroundings, and to other reve-lations~-whether pleasant or the reverse-of matters merely personal, and therefore more of a private than a public character. Indeed, so disquieted was I at the possible prospect of any one getting hold of a' mass of manuscript in old days diligently compiled by my~elf from year to year in several small diaries, that I have long ago ruthlessiy made a holocaust of the heap of such written self-mèmo-ries, fearing their posthumous publication and in this connection let me now add my express protest against the printing hereafter of any of my innumerable private letters to friends, or other MSS., unless they are'strictiy and merely of a literary nature. Biography, where honest and trne, is no doubt one of the most fascinating and instructive phases of litera-ture but it requires a higher Intelligence than. any however intimate friend of a man to do it fairly and fully so many matters of character and circumstance must ever be to him unknown, and therefore will be by him unrecorded. And even as to autobiography, who, short of the Omniscient Himself, can take into just account thé potency of outward surroundings, and still more of inborn hereditary influences, over both mind and body! thé biaa to good or evil, and thé possession or otherwise of gifts and talents,. due very-much under Providence to one's ancient ancestors and one's modern teaohers ? We are each of us morally and bodily the psychical and physical composite of a thousand generations. Albeit every individual pos-sesses as his birthright a@freewill to turn either to thé right or to the left, and is liable to a due responsibility for his words and actions, still the Just Judge alone can and must make allowance for the innate inclinings of heredity and the outward influences of circumstance, and He only can hold the balance between the guilt and innocence, the merit or demerit, of His créature. So far as my own~will goes, 1 leave my inner spiritual biography to the Recording Angel, choosing only to give some recollections and memories of my outer literary life. For spiritual self-analysis in matters of religion and affection 1 desire to be as silent as 1 can be but in such a book as this absolute taciturnity on such subjects is practically impossible. For the matter,. then, of autobiography, 1 decline its higher and its deeper aspects as also I@wish not to obtrude on the public eye mere domesticities and priva-oies of life, But inainly lest others less acquainted 'with. thé petty incidents of my career should hereafter take up the task, 1 accede with all @@anl ness and humility to what seems to me like a present oall to duty, having little time to spare at seventy-six, so near the end of my tether,-and protesting, as 1 well may@ against the charge bf se@insh egotism in a book neces-sarily@spotted on every page with the insignificant letter I and while~ of course on human-nature-principles, wi@Uing enough to exhi.bit myself at the best, promising also -not to hide the second best, or worse than that@ where@@loan perceive it.. That shrëwd old philosopher, Benjamin Franklin, thus excuses his own self-imposed task of autobiography, and 1 cannot do better than quote and adopt his wise and just remarks@@ In thus employing myself, 1 shall yield to thé in-clination so natural to old men, of talking of themselves and their own actions, and I shaJl indulge it without being tiresome to those who, from respect to my a~e, might conceive themselves obliged to listen to me, since they will always be @@ee to read me or not. And I may as well confess it, as the denial would be believed by nobody 1 shall, perhaps, not a little gratify my own vanity. Indeed, I never heard or saw the introduotory words, @Without vanity 1 may say,' c., but some vain. thing immediately followed. Most people dislik@ovanity in others, whatever share they may have of it them-selves but 1 give it fair quarter wherever 1 meet with it, being persuaded that it is often productive of good to the possessor, and to others who are within his sphère of action and there@ re, in many cases, it would not be altogether absurd if a man were to thank God for his @vanity@ among the other comforts of life. And now 1 speak of thanking God, 1 désire, with ail hunulity, to acknowledge that 1 attributë the happi-nesa of my past life to Bis divine providence, which led me to the means 1 used, and gave the success. My belief of this induces me to @hope@, though I must not @~fes@M~e, that the same gbodness will still be exeroised towards me in continuing that happiness or enabling me to bear a fatal reverse, which î may expérience as others have done the oomplexion of my future fortune being known. to Him only in whose power it is to. bless us, even in our a@fHictions. Thus speaketh the honest wisdom of Benjamin Franklin. I do not see that a better plan can be chosen for carry-ing out the title of this book than the one 1 have adopted, namely, tracing from the earliest years to old age the author's literary life-work, illustrated by accounts of, and spécimens from, his various books and writings, especially those which are absolutely oùt of print, or. haply have never been published. No doubt, in auch excerpts, exhibited at their best, the critical accusations of un@ irness, self-seeking, and so foith, will be'made, and may be met by the true considération that some-thing of this sort is inevitable in autobiography. How-ever, for the matter of vanity, ail 1 know of myself is the tact that praise, if consciously undeserved, only de-presses me instead of elating that a noted characteristie of mine through life bas been to hide away in the rosr rather than rush to the front, unless, indeed, forced for-wald by duty, when I can be bold enough, if need be and that one defect in me ail know to be a dislike to any assumption of dignity-surely a @@eling the opposite to self-conceit whilst, if I am not true, simple, and sin-cere, 1 am worse than I hope 1 am, and all my friends are deceived in their kind judgment of me. But let this book speak for itself 1 trust it is honest, charitable, and rationally religious. If 1 have and I show it tcrough aJl my writings a s of every denomination, that feeling I take to be due to some ancient heredity ingrained, or, ~nore truly, inburnt into my nature from sundry pre-Lutheran ooNfessors and martyrs of old, from whom I claim to be deacended, and by whose spirit 1 am imbued. Not but that.I profess myself broad, and wide, and liberal enough for ail manner of allowances to others, and so far as any narrow pre-judices may be imagined of my idiosyncrasy, 1 must allow myself to be changeable and uncertain-though hitherto having steered through life a fairly straight course-and that sometimes 1 can even doubt as to my politics, whether they should be defined Whig or Tory as to my religion, whether it is most truly chargeable by the epithet high or low as to my likings, whether 1 best prefer solitude or society as to literature, whether gaieties or gravities please me most. In fact, 1 recognise good in everything, though sometimes hidden by evil, right by intention, at least in sundry doctrines and opinions otherwise to my judgment wrong, and 1 am wifling to believe the kindliest of my opponents who appear to be honest and'ea@mest. This is a very @@ir creed for a citizen, of the world, whose motto is Terence's famous avowal, Homo sum, humani nihil a me alienum puto. CHAPTER II. INFANOY AND SOHOOLDAYS. IN a short and simple way, then, and without any desire ostentatiously to chronicle small béer, as lago sneers it, I suppose it proper to state very briefly when and where 1 was born, with a word as to my parentage. Ju y 17,@1810, was my birthday, and No. 20 Devonshire Place, Marylebone, my birthplace, at that time the last house of London northward. My father, Martin Tupper, a name ever honoured by me, was an eminent médical man, who twice refused a baronetcy first from Lord Liverpool, and secondiy, as offered by thé Duke of Wellington my mother, Ellin Devis Marris, being daughter of Robert Marris, a good landscape artist, of an old Litioolnshire family, and made the heiress, as adopted child, of her aunt, Mrs. Ellin Devis, of Devon-shire Place and Albury. My father's family have sojourned 336 years in Guernsey, having migrated thither from Thuringia, @t'KÏ Hesse Cassel, owing to religious persécution in the evil days of Charles V., our remote ancoators being styled Von Topheres chieftains, or head-lords of Treffurth as is recorded in the horaldic MSS. of the British Museum , that being the origin of our name. Of my mother's family in old time Maris, as of the sea, with mermaids for heraldry , 1 have the commis-aions of one who was an Ironside cavalry o@@mcer, signed by Cromwell and Fairfax and several of her relatives besides her father were distinguished artists. In par-ticular, her uncle my wife's father , Arthur William Devis, the well-known historical painter, and her great-uncle, Anthony Devis, who filled Albury House with his landscapes. Somo of our old German stock crossed the Atlantic in Puritan times, and many of the name have, attained 'wealth and position both in Canada and thé Ùnited Statea notably Sir Charles Tupper northwards, and sundry rich merchants in New York, Virginia, and the Carolines southwardiy. Of my in@ ncy let me record that 1 enjoyed very délicate health, chie@ny due, as I now judge, to the con-stant cuppings and bleedings whereby thé faou@Hy of those days combated teething @nts, and perhaps with Malthusian proclivities killed off young chiidren. 1 remember, too, that thé broad meadows, since developed into Regënt's Park and Primrose Hill, then- truly rural, and even up to Chalk Farm, then notorious for duels, were my nursery ramblings in search of cowslips and new milk. AIso, that once at least in those' infantile days, my father took me to see Winsor's Patent Gasiights at Carlton Hoùse, and ho~ he prognosticated the domestio failure of so perilous an explosive, more than one blowing-up having carelessly occurred. Another infantile recollection is mémorable, as thus. My father's annual lioliday happened one year to be at Bognor, where a patron@patiéiit ôf his, Lord Arran, rented a pleasant villa, and he h'ad ~br a visitor at thé tim@ono lésa a personago than George thé Third it .must hâve been during some lucid interval, perhaps after the Great Thanksgiving at St. Paul's. My father took his little boy with him to call upon the Ear!, not thinking to see the Eing but when we came in there was his kind-hearted Majesty, who patted my curis and gave me his blessing 1 How far the mysterious efficacy of the royal touch affected my after career believers in the divine rights and spiritual powers of a king may speculate as' they please.. At all events I got a good man's blessing. I remember also in my nursery days to have heard this curious story of a dream. My father, when a young man, was a student at Guy's Hospital, from which school of medicine he went to Yarmouth to attend the wounded after the battle of Copenhagen. He was on one occasion leaving Guernsey for Southampton in the clumsy sea-going smack of those days, when, on the night before embarking, he dreaint, that on his way to the harbour he crossed the churchyard and fell into an open grave. Telling this to his parents at The Pollet, they would not let him go, with a sort of superstitions wiedom for, strangely enough, the smack was seized on ita voyage by a privateer, and all the crew and passengers were consigned-for twelve years-to a French prison 1 1 have heard my father tell this tale, and noted early how true was Dr. Watts' awkward line, On little things what great depend. I might say more about warn@mgs in dreams and other somnolencies, whereof we all have expériences. For instance, my Dream of Ambition in Proverbial Philosophy was a real one. And this re-minds me now of another like sort of spiritual monition alluded to in my Proverbial Essay on Truth in Things False, whioh bas several times occurred to myself, as this, for example Years ago, in Devonshire, for the first time, 1 was on the top of a coach passing through a town-I think it was Crediton-and 1 had the strangé feeling that 1 had seen all this before now, we changed horses just on this sida of a cross street, and 1 resolved within myself to test the truth of the place being new to me or not, by prophesying what 1 should see right and left as we passed to my consternation it was all as 1 had foreseen,-a market-place with the usual incidents. Now, if reasonably asked how to account for this and most of us have felt the like , I reply that possibly in an elevated state of health and spirits the soul may out-run the body, and literally foresee coming events both real and ideal. But we must leave this to the Psychical Society for a judgment upon the famous Horatian philo-sophy of more things in heaven and earth, c. On Mr. Galton's topic of hereditary talent 1 have little to report as to myself. Neither father nor mother had any leanings either towards verse or prose but my mother was an excellent pianiste and a fair landscape painter both in oils and water-colour also she drew and printed on stone, and otherwise showed that she came of an artistic family. As to my @@ther's surroundings, his brother Peter, a consul-général in Spain, wrote a tragedy ca@Ued Pelayo and 1 possess half-a-dozen French songs, labelled by my father in my late dear father's handwriting, but whether or not original, 1 cannot tell. As a Guernsoyman, he might well be as much Frenoh as English. They seem to me clever and worthy of Beranger, though long before him possibly they are my grandsire's. A very fair judge of French pootry., and himself a good Norman poet, Mr. John Sullivan of Jersey writes and tells me that the songs are excellent, and that he remembers them to have been popularly sung when he was a boy. About the matter of hereditary bias itself, we know that as with animais so with men, fortes creantur for-tibus, et bonis this so far as bodies are conce@med but surely spirits are more individual, as innumerable instances prove, where children do not take after their parents. If, however, I may mention my own small ex-perience of this matter, literary talent, or at all events aùthorship, @is@ hereditary, especially in these days of that general epidemic, the cacoethes scribendi. I wrote this paper following originally@for an American publication and as I cannot improve upon it, and it has never been printed in England, I produce it here in its integrity. A true and genuine record of what English schools of the highest class were more than sixty-five years ago cannot fail to have much to interest the present genera-tion on both sides of the Atlantic if only because we may now indulge in thé self-complacency of being every-way wiser, bétter, and happier than our recent forebears. And in setting myself to write thèse early revelations, 1 wish at once to state that, although at times neces-sarily naming names for the too ireq~ent use of dashes and asterisks must otherwise destroy the verisimilitude of plain truth-telling , I desire to say nothing against or for either the dead or the living beyond their just déserts, and 1 protest against any charge of unreason-abio want of charity as to my whilom schools and sohoolmasters, It is true that sometimes 1 loved them not, neither can I in general respect their memory but thé causes of such a feeling on my part sha@H be made ma@mfest amon, and 1 am sure that mode@m parents and guardians will rejoice that much of my childhood's hard expérience bas not been altogether that of their own boys. I was sent to school much too soon, at the early âge of seven, having previously had for my home tutor a well-remembered day-teacher in little Latin and lèse Greek of the name of -Swallow, whom I thought a wit and a poet in those days because one niorning he pro-duced as an epitaph on himself the following effusion Beneath this atone a Swallow lies, No one laughs and no one cries Where he is gone or how he fares No one knows and no one oares. At this time of day I suspect this epigram not to be quite original, but it served to give me for the nonce a. high opinion of the pundit who read with me Cornelius .Nepos and Csesar and some portions of that hopeless grammar, the Eton Greek, in thé midst of his hard-breathing consumption of perpétuai sandwiches and béer. The @nrst school chosen for me though expensive, .there could not have been a worse' one was@@ large mixed establishment for boys of all ages, from infancy to early manhood, belonging to one Rev. Dr. Morris of Eggles@Ëeld House, Brentford Butta, whioh I now judge to have been conducted solely with a view to the pro-prietor's pocket, without reference to the morals, happi-ness, or education of the pupils committed to his care. A@U 1 care to remember of this false priest and there werë many such of old, whatever may be the ca~e now are his cruel punishments, which passed for discipline, bis careful cringing to parents, and his careless indi1fer-ence towards their children, and in brief bis total un6t-ness for the twin duties of pastor and teacher. A large private school of mixed ages and classes is perilously liable to infection from licentious youths left to them-selves and their evil propensities, and 1 can feelingly recollect how miserable for nearly a year was that poor little helpless innocent of seven under the unrestricted tyranny of one Cooke in after years a life convict for crime who did ail he could to pollute the infant mind of the little fag delivered'over to his cruelty. Cowper's Tirocinium well expresses thé situation @@Would you your son should be a sot or dunoe, Lasoivious, headstrong, or all these at once, Train him in publie with a mob of boys, Childish in misohief only and in noise, Elae of a mannish growth and, five in ten, For infidelity and lewdness, men. My next school was. more of a success for Eagle House, Brookgreen, where 1 was from eight to eleven, had for its owner and headmaster a most worthy and excellent layman, Joseph Railton. Mr. Railton was gentle, though gigantic, fairly learned, just and kindly. His school produced, amongst others eminent, the fitmous naval author Kingston, well known from cabin-boy to admirai there was also Lord Paulet, some others of noble birth, and thé two Middletons, nick-named Taukees, whom years after 1 visited at their rained mansion in South Carolina after thé Confederate War. 'fhrough.the personal good influence of'honest Old Joe, and hie middle-aged housekoeper, Mrs. Jones, our whole well-ordëred@company@of@perhaps@a@hundred boys lived and learned, workod and played purely@ and happily together so great a social benefactor may a good school chieftain be. I have little to regret in my Brook Green recollections the annual fair was mémorable with Richardson's show and Gingel's conjuring, and the walks for mild cricket-ing at Shepherd's Bush, and the occasional Sundays at home and how pleasant to a schoolboy was thé generous visitor who tipped him, a good action never forgotten. and the garden with its flowering tulip-tree, and the syringaa and rose-trees jewelled with the much-prized emerald May-bugs for the whole garden was liberally thrown open to us beyond the gravelled playground all being now given. over to monks and nuns. Then I recollect how a rarely-dark annular éclipse of the sun convulsed the whole school, bringing smoked glass to a high premium and there was a notable boy@s library of amusing travels and stories, all eagerly devoured and old Phulax thé house-dog, and good Mr. Whitmore an usher, who gave a certain small boy a diamond prayer-book, greatly prized then, though long since'lost, and suitably inscribed for him ~T~M~~cM~x c~ceM and the speech days, wherein the aame émail boy always signalised himself, to thé general astonishment, for he was usually a stammerer, owing much to thé early worries of Brentford ail these are agreeable réminiscences. My next school at eleven was Qharterhouse, or as my schoolfellow Thackeray was wont to style it, Slaughtër. house, no doubt from the cruel tyranny of another educational D.D., the Rev. Dr. Russell. For this .man and the school he so despotioally drilled into passive servility and pedantio scholarship, I have less than no révérence, for he worked so upon an over-sensitivë nature to force a boy beyond his powers, as to fix for many years the infirmity of stammering, which waa my affliction until past middle life. As for tuition, it must all have grown of itself by dint of private hard grinding with dictionaries and grammars, for the exercises, themes, and other lessons were,notoriously difficult, and those before me would be inextricable puzzles now however, we had to do them, and we did them, unhelped by any teacher but our own iridustry. As for the masters in school, two more ignorant old parsons than Chapman and Bob Watki could not readily be found and though the four others, Lloyd, Dickens, Irvine, and Penny were somewhat more intelligent, still aJl six in the lower school were occasionally summoned to a concio, if the interprétation of any ordinary passage in Homer or Virgil or Horace was haply in dispute between a monitor and his class. In the upper school the single really excellent teacher and good clergyman, Edward Churton, had but one fault, a meek subserviency to the tyrannie Russell, who domineered over ail to our universal terror and 1 remember kindly Mr. Churton once affected to tears at the cruelty of his chie@@ What should we think, nowadays of an irate schoolmaater smaah@mg a child's head between two books in his shoulder-of-mutton hands till the nose bled, as 1 once saw@ Or, in these milder times when your burglar or garotter is visited with a brief whipping, what shall we judge of the wisdpm or equity of some slight fault of idleness or ignorance being visited with thé Reverend Bootor's terrible sentence@ Allen, three rods, eighteen, amd@most@aBverely ? 1 Let me comment on this line, one of a sharp satire by a boy hamëd Barnes, long since an Indian ,Judge and 1 suppose translated Eisewhere. Allen was head gown-boy, and so chief executioner, thé three roda being some five-feet bunches of birch amned with buds as sharp as thorns, renewed after six strokes for fresh excoriation 1 sometimes the exhibition was in medio, a. public terror to evil-doers, or doers of nothing, but usually in a sort of side chapel to the lower school where the whipping-block stood. Who oould tolerate such things now@ and who can wonder that I, aa a lad, proclaimed that 1 would rather die than be flogged, for 1 had resolved in that event to commit justifiable homicide on my @Bogger? 1 I do not mean Allen, who became Head of Dulwich Collège, and with whom I hâve since dined@ annua@Uy as donor of a picture there, but Russell, concerning whom 1 vowed that if ever ho was made a Bishop happily he wasn't 1 would desert the Church of Englamd as yet I have nôt, albeit it has lately become so papalised as to be little worth an honest Protestan@fs adhérence. As to the exclusively @dassic education in my young days, to the resolute neglect of all other languages and sciences, I for myself have from youth upwards always protested against it as mainly waste of time a.nd of very little service in the battle of life. For proof of this, before 1 waa eighteen, I wrote that essay on Education to be seen in my first series of Proverbial Philosophy, whieh long years after the celebrated Dr. Binney of the Weigh-house in Thames Street issued with my leave as a tractate useful. to the present génération. And while there was so much fuss made as to the criminality of a false quantity in Greek, or a déficient acquaintance with those awkward verbs in ~ii, or above ail a fa se con-cord every one of which derelictiona in duty @mv@dved severe punishment , let us remember that all this time Holywell Street was su@nered to infect Charterhouse with its poison I speak of long ago, before Lord Camp-bell's wholesome Act , and that our clerical tutors and governors profëssionally recognised no sort of sins or shortcomings but those committed in classt 1 They practically ignored everything out of school, much as a captain knows nothing of his company off duty. It was the idle system of boys set to govern boys, that the masters might hâve no damage. 1 think the system was called Lancastrian. One very noticeable trait in the pajson-schoohnasters of those old days and perhaps it still survives was the subserviency to rank and wealth towards any pupils likèly to give them livings, whereof more anon at présent, an appropriate instance ocours to me. 1 was in my thirteenth year monitor of the playground, when one Dillon, a scion of a titled family, hunted and killed a stray dog there, and much to their credit for humanity a number of other boys hunted and pelted @him@ into a dry ditch or vallum, dug for the leaping-pole under a Captain Cliaa who taught us athletics. 1 was technicaJIy responsible for this open insult offored to Hibe@miam nobility, however well disposed to look another way and let lynch-law take its course.' Accord-ingly, the Doctor had me up for punishment, and he inflicted an almost impossible imposition, Book Epsilon of the Iliad the longest of ail to be translated word for word, English and Greek, and to be given to him in MS. within a month it would have been work for a year , that or expulsion. Had Mr. Dillon been a plebeian, no notice would have been taken of the matter, but he was an honourable, so Russell@must a avenge his-righteous punishment. However, the result of this outrageous set-task was curious and worthy of this ita first and only record. A@U the seventy boys in Irvine's house and others elsewhere, volunteered to do the whole imposition for me, and within a week hundreds of pages closely written with Greek and Latin, were sewn together, making a large quarto pamphlet, whioh was duly handed by me to the won-dering Doctor who had, however, too much shrewd-ness to care to inquire closely as to this popular out-burst of a general indignation, so, he said nothing more about it. For other playground réminiscences I saw, even in those tame times for cricket when overhand bowling was illegal, and the fierce artillery of a Spofforth im-possible, a poor lad killed in the field, one Honourable Benry Howard he was taken to the pump for recovery, as from a swoon, but the bail had struck.him behind the ear, stone-dead. Again as to that pump it was some times maliciously used for sousing unfortunate- day-boys, who were allowed two minutes law out of school to enable them to escape pursuit after lessons, most un-' justly, and injuriously, seeing that old Sutton founded his Charterhouse mainly for day-boys John Leech waa one in my time and for pensioners old Cods whereof Colonel Newcome of Thackeray fame, was another but both of these charity classes were utterly despised and ignored by the reverend brigands who kept all the loaves and fishes for themselves. One remarkable playground experience was the fact that it helped to dévelop in me antiquarian inclina-tions, and my own discoyered hunting-ground for Homan numismatics in the south of Englahd, long after~ wards expanded in Farley Heath near Albury. At Charterhouse there was a great slope or semi-mound which had in old times been utilised as a wholesale grave for the victims of plague and other épidémies. It strikes me now as most perilous, but we boys used. to dig and scratch among bones and other @@~ r@@M for an occasional coin or lead token, whereof I found several it is only a wonder that we did not unearth pestilence, but mould is fortunately very antiseptic. Another playground peculiarity was that after the hoop season, usually driven in duplicate or triplicate, the hoops were stored or shied into the branching elms, from wbich they were again brought down by hockey-sticks flung at them a great boon to the smaller boys who thus gratuitously. became possessed of valuable properties. And for a@M else, there wore fights behind the school, in those pùgilistic days scientifically conducted with seconda and bottleholders, and some claret drawn, and other like faahionable brutalities also in its season came footbaïï, but not quite so @nercely fought as it is now and there was Mr. Rackwitz, the man of sweeta and pàatries at the corner and another sort of rackets in the tennis court and for another sort of court there waa then extant a bit of ruinous Gothic in old Rutland Court, a ghostly entrance from Charterbouse Square, some thoùght haunted, and long since cleared away@ And now crossing the Square we corne tq No. 41, thé Queen Anne fashiohed mansion where Mr, Andrew Irvine another Reverend Master, who like ail the rest, except Churton, almost never did duty, and when he did manifestly could neither read, preach, nor pray had a housefui of pupils, whereof the writer was one, That long room is full of ancient memories of past and gone Carthusians, though it is now humiliated into a local charity school. I remember some humorous scenes there, chiefly owing to the master's notorious niggardiiness. Andrew had some Gruyere cheese, easily accessible to the boyish plunderers of his larder. Now we had complained that our stabs of butter laid between the eut sides of the rolls often were sait and strong, so one Punsonby afterwards an earl man-aged to put a piece of highly-flavoured Gruyère into a roll, and publicly at breakfast produced it before Mr. Irvine as a proof of the bad butter provided by the un-fortunate housekeeper. He was overborne against his own convictions, by the hcroic impudence of chief big boys whom he dared not offend, and actually pretended indignation, promising better butter in future 1 For another small scholastio recollection Andrew's Indian brother had brought over a lot of ouriosities from the East, including a rhinocéros skin, and bows and arrows, idols, and the like, ail of which were carelessiy stored away in a cellar near thé larder aforeaaid@ Of course thé boys made a raid upon such @spo@Ka opima@, and divers portions of that thick hide were exhibited as Indian rubber but Andrew never knew that many other things vanished, and that for example Knighton used to walk home on Saturdays with preternaturally stin' arms, an arrow possibly poisoned being hid in each sieevet some creeses also were appropriated by. bthers. I wonder if any Carthusian of my time sur-vives as the possessor of such loot. Lot me record, too, that in those evil days for 1 am not one who can think this, age aa pejor avis boys used to go, on their Monday mo@mings' retu@m from thé weekly holiday, out of their way to see the wretches hanging at Newgate that the scenes of cruelty to animais in Smithfield were terrible that books of the vilest character were circulated in the long-room and that both morality and religion were ignored by the seven clergymen who reaped fortunes by neglecting five hundred boys. If more memories are wanted of those times, here are two the planned famine on one occasion, when-under monitorial inspiration-ail the juniors clamoured for more, more, seeing they had slabbed on the underside of tbe tables masses of bread and butter supposed tô have been eaten-out and on another, that lobsters, surreptitiously obtained from out-ô~-bounds by the big boys were sworn in the @@@@@@@M of their smaller claws to be pieces of seaJing-wax 1 and nothing else at ieast a reckless young aristocrat declared that they were so,-and the mean-spirited Andrew, fearful of giving offence in such high quarters, pretended to believe him. Yet another trifle for I find that, such trivials are attractive to homeflock readers, by whose taste I feel the more public pulse, even as Rousseau did with his house-keeper. We, that is Knighton and Ellis and I, used to return on Sunday night in my father's ca@rnage by the back way of Clerkenwell to Charterhouse in order to avoid the crowds of oattle and I well. remember that some-times we would utilise apples and nuts from the dessert as missiles from our carriage window as we sped along. Alas@ on one occasion Knighton was skilfui enough to smash a. ohemiet's blue bottle with an apple,-and on another I am aware that an oil lamp in Cârthusian Street succumbed to m~ only too-truo cockshy Et hoc meminisse d'oS~M~ Another incident was amusing in its way. Poor@Mr. Irvine who was going to be married mended up@, very much smashed greenhouse to greet his bride thereby with floral joy. Unluckily, the boys preferred broken panes to whole ones, so nothing was easier than by flinging brickbats and even mugs over the laundry wall to revel in the sweet sound of smashed glass moreover this would go to evidence the popular animosity against a wretched bridegroom. Then, when he reappeared aftèr some temporary absence before the wedding, it was after this ridiculous fashion. There was a wooden staircase screened off one side of the long-room down which he would occasionally creep to listen at the door at bottom to the tattle of the boys about him. Ee was heard creaking downstairs, and some active young fellow by a round-about byway managed to steal down behind and suddenly pushed him by the burst open door, spread-eaglé fashion, into the laughing long-room f The poor victim pretended it was an acci-dent, Ye see, Mr. Yates, I was coming down the stair, and me foot slipped. It seems that the luckless Andrew was coming, so he averred, expressly to expostulate'with thé boys, to throw himself on their generosity for a subscription towards his ruined greenhouse, and to ask Messrs. Punsonby, Yates, Co. to promote it. This they promiséd to do, and did after an original fashion. Soveral pounds worth of pence and half-pence were dis-tributed through the house, so that when Andrew with his traitorous aides went round to collect monies, it miraculously@happened to be all coppers, unrelieved by @@single sparkle of silver or gold. On which, in a red rage and he often was in the like he flung the whole bowlful into the long-room fire, from the ashes whereof for days after the small boys gladly collected hot half-pence.. We must recollect that the canny Scot was a mean over-reaching man, so perhaps he was well paid out. Soon after the wedding, the bridegroom held high festival, and gave a grand dinner to all tho masters. Our big boys were equal to the occasion, and as the hired waiters from thé Falcon brought out the viands all was a delusive peace as they went in our harpies flew upon the spoil, and each meat, fish and fowl was cleared off the great dishes held between the helpless hands of the astonished servitors I It was really too bad, but if a man is so manifestly unpopular no doubt he deserves it. Rugbeians would not have so served Arnold. Nearly ail .my schoolmates are dead, and 1 cannot call on Charles Roe or Frank Ellis to corroborate my@small anecdotes, but 1 oould@till lately@on Sir William Knighton and one or two more. lu a crowd of five hundred scholars Russell's average number, afterwards much diminished, until Godalming brought up the tale , there must be many still extant and of eminence whom 1 would name if 1 did'but know them. Certa@miy, yes, Trevelyan was my@next neighbour in the emeriti, and there was Hebert, the one distinguished in the State, the other in the Church also Cole, and his noble chief of Enniskillen, whom 1 have visited at Florence Court and Walford, our great genealogist, with many more among the more recent dead, let me mention my good friend Arohibald Mathison, lately an Indian Judge, and Robert Curzon, and Arthur Helps, the historian of Mexico. Thackeray 1 knew then but very slightly, as he waa a. lower schoolboy, and John Leech not at all, because he was a day boy, seeing that the upper schoel was made to keep foolishly aloof from all such however, in aftër yeara 1 made good acquaintance with both of those true ge@muses, and had Leeoh down to@Albury, and tô illustrate my tales, whilst 1 hâve several times com-pared judgments with Thackeray as to Doctor Birch and his young friends and other scholia. For the matter of my practical education at Charter-house, 1 like others went through the usual course, though without much distinction. 1 never gained'a prize, albeit 1 tried for some, by certain tame didactic poenis on the Tower, Oarthage, and Jerusalem, and as 1 couidn't as a' stammerer speak in school, high places were out of my reach. Like others, however, 1 learned by heart ail Horace's odes and epodes, the Ajax and thé Antigone of Sophocles, and other like efforts of memory, almost useless in after life, except for capping quotations, and thereby being thought a pedant by the display of schoolboy érudition. How often have 1 wished that thé years wasted over Latin verses and Greek plays had been utilised among French and German, astronomy, geology, chemistry and the like but all auch usefui educationals were quite ignored by the clerical boobies who then profëased to teaeh young gentlemen all that they needed' to know. Sixty years ago 1 perceived what we all see now teste Lord Shèrbo@me that a most imperfect daa' sical education, such as was then provided for us, was the least useiul introduction to the real business of life, except that it was fashionab@io and gave a@man some false prestige in ~he circle of society. At about sixteën 'I left Charterhouse for a private tutor, Dr. Stocker, then head of Elizabeth Collège, Guernsey, seeing my father wished to do him a service for kindly private reaaons 1 was not at the Collège, but a pupil in his own house however, as this other Rev. D.D. proved a failure, 1 was passed on to a Rev. Mr. Twopony of Long Wittenham, near Dorchester, staying with him about a year with like little profit when I changed to Mr. Holt's at Albury, a most worthy friend and neigh-bour, with whom I read diligently until my matricula-tion at Oxford, when 1 waa about nineteen. With Holt, my intimate comrade waa Harold Browne, the present Bishop of Winchester, and he will remember that it was our rather mischievôus object to get beyond Mr. Holt in our prepared Aristotle and Plato, as we knew he had hard work to keep even in the race with his advanced pupila by dint of midnight oiL@ With this good. tutor and thé excellent ministrations- of Hugh M'Neile, the famous rector of Albury, my s~MS ~Mpt~rM comes technically to an end, Oxford being practically indepen-dencë albeit I am sure that education can cease only with human life, even if it be not carried further, onward and upward, through the cycles of eternity.. As I did not care to stop the continuity of this gossiping record perhaps too 'light and too frank, but it ia best unalterèd 1 must now hark back for a few years, to fill in whatever small details of early life and primitive literature happenèd to me, between schôol and collège. Truly, much of this amounts to recording trivialities but boyhood, not tô say life also, is màde up of trifles and there is always interest to a reader in personal anécdotes and experiences, the more if they are lively rather than sévère. Let this excuse that@lengthy@accoùnt@of My@SohooIdays. CHAPTER III. YOUNG AUTHORSHIP IN VERSE AND PROSE. OT my earliest MS., written soon after my seventh birthday, 1 have no copy, and only a very confused memory but 1 remember that my good mother trea-sured for years and showed to many friends something in the nature of an elegy which a broken-hearted little brother wrote on thé death of an infant sister from his first school this is only mentioned in case any one of my older readers may possibly supply auch a lost MS. in a child's roundhand. At school, chiefly as a young Carthusian, I frequently broke out into verse, where prose translation was more properly required seeing that it pleased my indolence to be poetical where 1 was not sure of literal accuracy, and I may add it rejoiced me to induce a certain undermaster to suspect and some-times to accuse this sma@R pootaster of having cribbed his metrical version from some unknown collection of poems however, he had always to be satisfied with my assurance as to authenticity, for he was sure to be ba@@med in his inquiries elsewhere. One. suoh instance is extant as thus,-for 1 kept a copy, aa the assembled Charterhouse masters seemed to think it too good to be original for a small boy of twelve to thirteen. Hère then, as a specimen of one of' my early bits of literature, is a genuine and unaltered poem for any modern improvements would not be honest in the shape of a translated Greek epigram from the Anthologia. 1 was head of the lower school then, and 1 remember the father of Bemal Osborne patting my curly locks and scolding his whiskered son for letting a small boy be above him. Much about this time, and. until 1 left Charterhouse at sixteen, there ,proceeded from my pen numerous other mild rhymed pieces and sundry unsuccessful prize poems @@@6.@@ three on Carthage, the second Temple of Jérusalem, and the Tower of London, whereof 1 have schoolboy copies not worth notice besides divers metrical translations of Horace, ~Sschylus, Virgil and a few songs and album verses for young lady frionds, one Not Juno's eye of fire divine Can vie my Melite, with thine So heavenly pure and bright Nor can Minerv@es hand excel That pretty hand I know so well, So small and lily-white. Not Venus oan such charms disclose As those sweet lips of blushing rose And ivory bosom show' Not Thetis' nimble foot can tread More lightly o'er her coral bed Than thy soft foot of snow. What happinesa thy face bestows When smiling on a lover's woes t Thrice happy then is ho Who hears thy soul-subduing song,-0 more than blest, to whom bolong The@charmsof@Melitet being set by a Mr. Sala perhaps G. A. S. had a musical relative with an impromptu or two, whereof the follow-ing On a shell sounding like the sea ia a fair speci-men for a boy -@1 remember thé voioe of the flood Hoarse breaking upon the roligh shore, As a linnet remembers the wood Aud his warblings so joyous before. Of course, this class of my juvenile lyrics was holiday work, and barely worth a record, except tô save a fly in amber, like this. Whiist 1 was at Charterhouse, occurred my @nrst Continental jou@mey, when my excellent father took his small party ail through France in his private travel-ing carriage, bought at Calais for the trip it was long before raiiways were invented , and 1 jotted down in verse our .daily adventures in thé rumble. The whole journal, entitled Rough Rhymes, in divers mètres, grave and gay, waa published by the Literary Chronicle in 1826, and the editor thereof, Mr. Jerdan, says, after some compliments, thé author Is in hia sixteenth year,@@which fixes the date. Fossi@My, a brief specimen or two of this may please take thé livelier @nrst,-on French cookery if trivial, thé @Unes are genuine 1 must not doctor anything up even by a word. NowMase@.you@must@ve@Mify@your@very@best .I To sing how they ranaaok the East and thé West, To tell how thoy plunder the North and the South For@food@for@the@BtomaobMd@zestfor@th@ëmouth@ Sttoh savoitry @MeWs, and auoh odorons diBhes, Such@aoup~, and at Calais Bnoh capital @Bahest With sauces so strange they disguiae the lèan meat That you seldom, or never, know what you're to eat i Suoh fricandeaux, fricassées epiourean, Suoh Yins-ordinaires, and suoh banquets Oiroean, And the nioe little nothings which very soon vaniah Before you are able your plate to roplenish,-Such exquisite eatables 1 and for your drink Not porter or ale, but-what do you think 1 'Tis Burgundy, Bourdeaux, real red rosy wine, Which you quaff at a draught, neat nectar, divine t Thùa they pamper the taste with everything good And of an old shoe can make savoury food, But the worst of it is that when you have done You are nearly as famish'd as when you begun@ For a more serions morsel, take the closing @Unes on Rouen -@Yes, proud Cathedral, âges p@MS'd away While generations lived their little day,-France has been deluged with her patripts' blood By traitors to their country and their God,-The face of Europe has been ohanged, but thou Hast stood sublime in ohangelessness till now, Exulting in thy glorias of carved atone, A living monument of ages gone@ Yet-~timo hath touoh'd thee too thy prime is o'er,-A few short years, and thou must be no more Ev'u thou must bend beneath@the common fate,' But in thy veiy ruins wilt be gréât t More than enough of thia brief memory of Sixty Ye@ws Since, w@Mob haa no other extant record, and is only given as a eample of the rest, equally juvenile. Three years however before@ this, my earliest piece printed, 1 find among my papora a very faded copy of my @@rat MS. in verae, being part of an attempted prize poem at. Charterhouse on Carthage, written at ~be âge of thirteen ih 1823 for auld langsyne's s saJ é I rescue its conclusion thua curtiy frôm oblivion,-though no doubt archoeologicaJIy faulty @@Where soulptnred temples once appeared to sight, Now dismal ruins meet the moon's pale light,-Where régal pomp once shone with gorgeous ray, And kings successive held their transient swa.y @Where once the priest his saored victims led And on the altars their warm lifeblood shed,-Where swollen rivers once had amply flowed And splendid galloys down the stream had rowed, A dreary wilde@mess now meets the view, And nought but Memory can trace the @due@ The poor little schoolboy's muse was perhaps quite of the pedestrian order but so also, the critics said, had been stern old Dr. Johnson's in bis London. Mere achool-exerciaes whereof I have some antique copybooks before me , cannot be held to count for much as early literature though I know not why some of my Greek lambic translations of thé Psalms and Shakespeare, as also sundry very respectable verrions of English poems into Latin Sapphics and Alcaics still àmong.my archives, should not have been shrined-aa they were offered at the time-in Dr. Hàig Brown's Carthusian Anthology. However somehow thèse hâve escaped printer's ink,-thû only true e~f ~nd we must therefore suppose them not quite worthy to be bracketed with the classical versification of Buchanan or even of Mr. John Milton,-albeit actually superior to sundry of the aforesaid Antholôgia Oarthusiana so of thèse we will say nothing. Of other sorts of schoqlboy literaria whereof from time to time I was guilty let me save hère by way of change one or. two of my trivial humoristics hère is one, not seen in print till now Sapphics to my Um-brella,-written on a very rainy day, in 1827. N.B. If Canning in his Eton days immortalised sapphically a knifegrinder, why shouldn't a young Carthusian similarly celebrate his gingham ? ¥ Vftiued companion of my expeditions, Wanderings, and my street perambulationa, What can be more deserving of my praises Than my umbrella 7 Under thine ample covering rejoicing, A@U the @canaille' tumultuously running While the rain streams and patters from thé housetops, Slow and majestic, 1 tradgo along unwetted, though an ocean Pours from thé olouds, as if some Abernethy Had given all the nubilary régions Purges oathartic 1 Others run on in piteous condition, Blaol desperation painted in their faces, While the full flood descends in very.pailfuls w Streaming upon them. Yea, 'tis as if some cnnning necromancer Had drawn a circle magically round me, Till like the wretohed vi@odm of Kehama, Southey's abortion N'othing like liquor ever oould approach me 1 But it is thou, disinterested odmrade, Bearest the rainy weather unoomplaining, Oh, my umbrella 1 How many hats, and 'upper Bens,' and new ooats, How many wretohed duokings hast thou eaved me Well-I have done-but must be still indebted to@my umbrella l Another such tri@He may be permissible, as thus also about an umbrella, a stolen one.~ Oh the oocasion of my loss I wrote thia to rebilke the thief, 'l'he height of honesty@@ Three friends once, in the course of conversation, Touoh'd upon honeaty @No virtue better,' Says Diok, quite lost in sweet self.admiration, @I'm sure l'm honest -ay-beyond the letter You know the field I rent beneath the ground My plough stuok in the middle of a fnrrow Aud there a pot of golden coins I found 1 My landlord bas it, without fail, to-morrow.' Thus modestly his good intents he told @But stay,' says Bob,@ we soon shall see who's best, A~w~M'Ieftwith@m@auncountedgoldt 1 But l'@U not touoh it whioh is honesteat@@ 'Your honest acta l've heard,' says Jack, 'but I Have done much better, would that all folks learn'd it, Mine ia the highest pitoh of honesty-I borrow'd an umbrolla and-re~Mr~ N.B.-I remember that Dr. Buckland, whose geo logical lectures 1 attended, had the words Stolon from Dr. Buckland engraved on the ivory@handie of @@@AM umbrella -he never lost it again.. In thé way of .prose, not printed though much later on 1 have since published Paterfamiliaa's Diary bf ËYerybody's Tour 1 have kept jou@mala of holiday travel ~ M~, whereof 1 now make a btief mention. Six juvenile bits of authorship are before me, ranging through the summers of !828 to 1835 incluaive each neatly written in its note-book on. the spot and at. the time therefore fresh and true decorated with untûtored sketches, and ail full of interest at least to myself in old memories, faded intereste, and departed friends. As. very rare survivala of the past for who cares to keep as 1 have donc his schoolboy journals of half a century ago ~ 1 will give at haphazard from each in its order'of time a short quotation by way of sample,-a brick to represent the house. My firat, A.D. 1828, records how my good father took bis sons through the factories of Birmingham and the potteries of Staffordshire, down an iron mine and a sait mine, c. c., thus teaching us all we could learn energetically and intelligently it détails also how we were hospitably entertained for a week in each place by the magnate hosta of Holkar Hall and Inveraray Castle and how we did all touristic devoirs by lake, mountain, ruin, and palace in fact, a short volume in MS., whereof quite at random here is a speci-men page. Meirose looks at a distance very little ruinous, but more like a perfect cathedral@ While the horses were being changed we watked to see this Abbey, a splendid ruin, with two very light and beautiful oriel windows to the east and south, besides many smaller ones the architecture being @norid Gothic. The tracery round thé capttals of pillars is in wonderful préserva-tion, looking as fresh and sharp as on the @nrst day of their creation instead of the Grecian acanthus @Sbo cA kail@ being a favourite o@mament. !Some of the images still remain in their niches. In the east aisle is the grave of the famous wizard, Michael Scott, and at, the foot of the tombstone a grim-lookiug @Ëguie,-que! y himse!~ 1 In the ruined @doisters the tracery is of the most de@Ucato description, foliage of trees and vegetablos being carved on them. This Abbey was fbunded by Ï~avid thé First, but repaired by James the Fourth, whioh accounts for his altered orown appearing in stone on the walls, c. c. Thé Scotch kail is ourious, as indicative of national préférence and is the wizard sti l on guard? 1 Recolloot@that in those days there were no guide-books,-so every observant traveller had to record for himself what he saw. The next, in 1829, was a second visit to the Con-tinent, my first having been in 1826, with those quota-tions from Rough Rhymes which have already met your view. In this we took the usual tour of those days, @@@@@@Brussels and the Rhine to Switzerland, and 1 might qùote plenty thereof if space and time allowed. Here shall follow a casual page from the 1829 MS. Journal, now before me. Heidelberg bas a university of seven hundred atu-denta, who wear no particular academicals, but are generally seen with a little red or @Mue cap topping a luxuriant head of hair, a long coat,. and moustaches which usually perform the function of a chimney to pipe or cigar. A@U along our to-day's route extended immense fields of tobacco, turnips, and végétais of every description. Most of thé women seem to be troubled with goitres, and we observed that all who have them wear rows of ga@mets strung tight on the part affected, whether with the idea of hiding the deformity, or of rendering the beauty of the swelling more conapicuous, or of charming it away, I. cannot tell. The roads in these parts are much avenued with walnut trees Fels, our courier, told me that of ait trees they are most subject to be struck by lightning, and that under them is always a current of air. 1 insert his information, as he is both a sensible man, and has had' great opportu-nitios of observing, c. c. Here is a gap of three years. In 1832, my journal about Dorsetshire and the Isle of Wight is chiefly geological as this extract shows, it was mainly a search after fossil spoils at Char. mouth@@ Would you like to see a creature with the head of a lizard, wings of a bat, and tail of a serpent ? î Such things have been, as these bones testify they are called Pterodactyls, and are as big as ravens. Thus, you see, a dragon is no chimera, but attested by a science founded on observation, Geology. As their bones known by their hollowness often occur in thé coprolites or fossil dung of Plesiosauri, mighty monsters of the deep like gigantic swans, it is thought they were their spécial prey,'for which the long and flexible neck of the Plesiosaurus is au @à priori@ argu-ment, c. c. The 1833 journal is Welsh and, @inter alia@, 1 therein drew and 1 now record that recently destroyed and more recently restored Druidical movement, thé Buck-stone Il A solid mass of rock, not of living adamant but of dead,pudding-stone, seemingly 'by subtie magie poised' on the brow of a steep and high hill, wooded with oaks the top of this mass of rock is an area of fifty-four feet, its base being four, and the height twelve. It was once a logan stone, but now bas no rocking properties though most perilously poised on the side of a slope, and certainly, if in part a work of nature, it must' have been helped by art, seeing the mère action of thé atmosphere nover could have so @Maotly chiselled away all but the centre of. gr vity. The secret of the Druids, in. this instance at least, was in leaving a large mass behind, which as a lever counter-acted the prépondérance of the rock. I drew on the spot two exact views of it, taken to scale,-whereof this is one,-now of some curious value, sinee its in-tentional destruction last year by@@ snobbish party of mischievous idiots. However, I see by the papers that, at a cost of ~'goo, it has been re-placed. Let this touch suflice as to my then growing predilection for Druidism, since expanded by me into several essays @tnd pamphlets, touching on that strange topic, the numerous rude stone monuments from Arabia to Mona. Thé 1834 journal regards Scotland,-a country I have since visited several times, iucluding thé Orkneys and Shetlands, and the voyage round from Thurso @@@@@@Cape Wrath to the Hebrides whereof, perhaps, more anon. For a specimen page of this let me give'what follows the locality is near Inverness and the Cale-donian Canal Wo now bent our steps toward Craig Phadrick, two miles north. This is the site of one of the celebrated vitrified forts, concerning the création of. which there has been so much learned discussion. And verily there is room, for there is mystery I. will detail what we saw. On the summit of a. steep hill of con-glomerate rock we could trace very clearly a double oblong enclosure of eighty yarda by twenty, with entrances east and west, a spaëe of @nve yards being between the two oblongs. Thé mounds were outwardly of turf, but uuder a thin skin of this was a thick con-tinuous wall of molten stone, granité, gneiss, and sand-atone, bubbling together in a hotchpot 1 Thé existence of these forts occurring frequently on the heights and of various shapes is attempted to be explained by divers theories. One man tells us they were beacons but, @nrst, what an enormous one is here, one hundred and twenty-four feet by sixty of blazing wood, timber being scarce too@ next, they sometimes occur in low situa-tions from which a flame could scarcely be seen thirdly, common wood fire will not melt granite. Another pundit says they are volcanic. 0 wondrous volcano to spout oblong conoentric areas of stone walls 1 Perhaps the best explanation is that the Celts cemented these hilltops of strongholds by means of coarse glass, a sort of red-hot mortar, using sea-sand and seaweed as a flux. This is Professor Whewell's idea, and with him we had some interesting conversation on that and other sub-jects. Of this Scotch tour, full of interest, thus very curtiy. Tu@m we now to Ireland in 18@~. My record of just fifty years ago is much what it might be now, starvation, beggary, and human wretchedness of all sorts in the midst of a rich land, through indolence relapsed into a jungle of thorns and briars, quaking bogs@ and sterile mountains whisky, and the idle un-certain potato, combining with ignorance and priest-craft, to démoralise the excitable unreasoning race of mode@m Celts. Let us turn from the sad scenes of which my said diary is full, to my day at the spar caverns of Kingston. At@tho bottom of a stone quarry, we clad ourselves in sack garmonts that mud wouldn't spoil, and with lit candles descended into the abyss, hands, knees, and elbows being of as much service as our feot. Now, I am not going to map my way after the manner of guido-books, nor to nickname 'thé gor-geous architecture of nature according to the caprice of a rude peasant on the spot or the fancy of a passing stranger. 1 might @nll a page with accounts of Turks' tents, beehives, judges' wigs, harps, handkerchiefs, and flitches of bacon, but 1 rather choose to speak of thèse subterranean palaces with none of such vulgar similari-ties. No one ever@saw such magni@neence in stalactites from the black fissured roofs of antres vast and low-browed caves they are hanging, of all conceivable shapes and sizes and descriptions. Now a tall-@~uted column, nôw a fringed canopy, now like a large white sheet flung over a beetling rock in the elegant folds and easy drapery of a curtain, everywhere are pure white stalactites like icicles straining to meet the sturdier mdunds of stalagmite below whilst in the smaller caves slender tubes extend from top to bottom like congealed rain. One cavern is qùite curtaihed round ivith@dazzting@and@waTy@tàpestry another has gigantic masses of the white spar pouring from its crannied roof like boiled Brobdingnag macaroni others like heâps of snowy linen lying about or hanging from the ceiling. The extent of the caves is quite unknown eleven acres I was told have been surveyed and mapped, while there are six avenues still unexplored, and you may already wander for twenty-four hours through the dis-covered provinces of the gnome king. This is not to be compared with Kentucky, perhaps not quite with Derbyshiro but it seemed to me marvellous. at the time. Let this much su@@mce as hinted reference to those early jou@mals, which, if the wôrld were ~iot already more full of books than of their readers, would be as. well worth printing in. their integrity as many Qthers of their bound and lettered brethren. In connection with thèse journals, I have beeri speoi-ally requested to add to the above this record following dated forty-four years ago as a specimen of my letter-writing in old days it has pen-and-ink sketches, here inserted by way of rough and ready illustration. The whole letter is printed in its integrity as desired, and tells its own aroheeological tale, though rather volumin-ousiy but in the prehistoric era before Rowland Hill arose, to give us cheap stamps for short notes, it was an economy to make a letter as long as possible to pay for its exorbitant postage for example, my letters to and from Oxford used to cost eightpence-or double if in an euvelope, then absurdly surcharged. My CbfMMA ~fcpe ~ MW. Sth and gth of January 1840. M? DEAR MOTEEB, AND ALL OOD DoMIOILIARS,-l suppose it to be the intention of our worship fui and right bank@mpt Government that everybody write to everybody true, full, and particular accounts of all@things which he, she, or it, may have done, be doing, or be about to do and seeing I may have somothing to say which will interest you all, I ful@@m the gossiping intentions of the Collective Wisdom, and give you an omnibus epistle. Now, I recommend a good map, a quiet mind, and as Charley says, Atte@@@@@nd.-Thé bright,. clear, frosty moruing of the 8th found me at Devonport, and nine o'clock beheld the same egregious individual, well-benjamined, patronising with hia bodily presence the roof of the Falmouth coach. A steam ferry-bridge took us across the Hamoaze, which, with its stationed hulks, scattered shipping, and town and country banks, made, as it always makes, a beautiful landscape. At Torpoint we first encountered venerable Cornwall and a pretty drive of sixteen miles, well wooded, and watered by several intrusions of the unsatisfied sea, brought coach and contents to Liskeard, a clean, granite, country town, with palatial inn, and in common with the whole of Devonshire and Cornwall a large many gabled church, covered with carved cathedral windows, and shadowed by ancient elms. Not being able to aecomplish everything, I heard of, but saw not, divers antiquities in the distant neighbourhood of St. Clare, aueh as a circle of stones, an old church and well, and the natural curiosity called thé cheese-ring, being a maaa of layered granite cap@nciousiy decomposed thèse unseen onea what a myste@nous name for a three-volumed Bentleyism 1 1 do not regret, for 1 know how to appreciàte those won-ders, the only enchantment whereof is, distance. So su@Sered 1 conveyance to Lostwithiel, a town lying in a hollow under the pictorial auspices of Restormel Castle, whose ivied ruins up thé vaJIey are fine and Eàglandish white the l'est were bolting a coach d@umer, I betook me to y@ church, and was charmed with a curious antique font, and the tower, an octagon gothic lantern with extinguisher atop, like this as far as memory serves me. Onward again, tht'ough St.. Blazey, and a mining district, not ill-wooded, nor unpicturesque, to the fair town of St. Austle, which the piety of Cornish ancestors has furnished with another splendid specimen of ecclesiastical archi-tecture, the upper half of the chief tower, a square one, being fretted on every stone with @noiid carving, and grotesque déviées but what shall 1 say of Probus tower, which from top to bottom is covered with delicate traoery cut in granite ? it rises above the miserable surrounding village, a satire upon neighbouring de-generacy in things religions you must often have seen drawings of Probus at thé Watercolour Exhibition, as it is a regular artists' lion. At about half-past six we got'into Truro, a clea@@mdde @Ëourishing town with London shops, a commemorative column, a fine spired church, bridges over narrow streams, and, like most other West of England towns, well paved and gas-lighted. From this, 1 had intended to go to Falmouth, but a diligent brain-sucking of coach comrades ihduced me to jump at once into a branch conveyance to Penzance, so passing aleepy Redruth, Oamborne, and St. Erth in the dark, I found mysolf safely housed at the Union Inn, Penzance, at half-past eleven. Talking of unions, the country is studded here as everywhere with'them fine buildings put to thé pe@micious use of imprisoning for life those whose only crime is poverty, and destined to be metamorphosed ere long so 1 prophesy into lunatic asylums for desperate minis-terialists, prisons for the Chartists, veterinary colleges for cattle with the rot, and as one good end, hospitaJs for the poor. Near Redruth, I took notice in the moonlight of Ca@m-bréh, the remains of a British beacon or hill-fort, much of the antiquarian interest of which has been destroyed by@a neighbouring squire having added to it @modern@ ruins, to make it an object from his hall@ the whole hill, like much of the country, is sprinkled with granite blocks higgledi-piggledy, and it is a grand dispute among the pundits, whether or not the Archdruid Nature bas been playing at marbles in thèse parts I wished to satisfy myself. about it, but couldn't stop, and so there's no use in grummering about regrets. l've seen enough, to be able to judge @d priori@, that father Noah's flood piled the hill with blocks, which have served one Dr. Borlase and others as occasions for earning the character of blockheads.. One thing is man's doing, without ~M@c@~ dispute, and that is, an obelisk in honour of old Lord De Dunstanville, which is a conspicuous toothpick on the hilltop no doubt, as in this case, nature brought the stones there, and man did hia part in arranging them poor Dr. B. would have you believe that every natural rock had been lifted here bodily for architectural purposes, and as bodily made a most elaborate. and labyrinthine ruin afterwards. At Penzànce, a broiled @neh supper, and to bed by midnight, having ordered. a twilight gig, wheroin by 1 on the ninth 1 was travers. ing the beautiful bay. Penzànce is a fine town in a splendid situation the bay, bounded by the Lizard and its opposite bold brother-headland, inclosing St. Michael's Mount, and having a fertile and villa-studded background the town full of good handsome shops one like the Egyptian Hall , a large cathedralish church, and with a very special market-place, of light granite, ih the form of a plain Grecian temple, sur-mounted at the middle by an imposing dôme. As I had duly culled information from the natives, I lost no time in breakfasting, but drove off, bun in hand, to explore the country of the Druids. Now, if the matters 1 succeeded in visiting were in isolated and plain situa-tions, they might have been less disappointing but where the face of the whole soil is covered naturally with jutting rocks, and timeworn boulders of granite, one doesn't feel much astonishment to see some one stone set on end a little more obviously than thé rest, or to find out by dint of perseverance a little arrange-ment, which may or may not be accidental added to this, the cottages, and walls, and field enclosures are built of such immense blocks cleared off the surface of the fields, tbat one's mind is prepared for far more than the Druids ever did many a Stonehengei@ned .doorway@ many a Titanic pigstye, many a Pelion-on-Ossa questionable-sentry box, puts one out of conceit with our puny ancestors. I went first to the Dâns-meno, a famous stone-circle and felt'not a little voxed to find that I, little i, am feet taller than any of the uprigbts there, not 25 in number, and no bigger'than field gato-posts. It is evidently thé consecrated portion of a battlefield, for there are several single stones dotted about the noighbourhood, to mark where heroes fell like those at Inveraray, but smaller. The habit all through Co@mwall of setting up a stone in every@~celd, for cattle to scratch themselves withal, seoms to be a sly satire against other rubbing-stones for A. S. Ses. A few dreary miles further brought me to the voonder of voonders, the Logan-Rock, which on the map is near Boskenna. The cliff and coast scenery@is superb im-mense masses of granite of all sbapes and sizes tumbled about in all directions what wonder that in such a heap of giant pebbles @one@ should be found ricketty ? or more, what wonder that the very decomposing nature of coarse granité should have caused the atmosphère to eat away, gradually, all but the actual centre of gravity 1 both at the Logan, and Land's Eud, and Mount St. Michael, 1 am sure 1 have seen a hundred rocks wasted very nearly to the moving point, and 1 could mention speci@ncally six, which in ao years. will rock, or in half an hour of chiselling would. In part proof of what 1 say, the Land-End people, jealous of Logan customers, have just found out a great rock in their parts, which two men can make to move 1 recommended a long-handled chisel, and have little doubt that my hint will be acted on by next season, the Cornish antiqua@nea will be puzzling their musty brains over marks of druidical tools essays will appear, to demonstrate 't that thé chippings were accomplished by the consecrated golden sickio thé rock will be proved to have been quar-ried at Normandy, and ferried over fa.csimiles of the cuts will be litho-graphed and the Innkeeper of@the First and Last house in England will gratefully présent a piece of .plate a Druid Il spanning consider Ezëkie@ra putting the branch@to the nose as a eign of contempt ! to the author of Hinta for a Chisel, Proverbial Phil.@ 6. !. c. But-~eMMMM-à nos MM~o~ to @the@ Logan until it was scrupu-lousiy pointed out, by so tangible a manner as my boy-guide getting @on@ it, I could scarcely distinguish it from the fine hurlyburly of rocks around. That it moves there is no ques-tion but when I tell you that it is now obliged to be artificially kept from falling, by a chain @nxiug it behind, and a beam to rest on before, 1 think you will agree with me in muttering thé hum-bug@ Artists hâve so diligently falsified the view, @ad captandum@, that you will have some difficulty in recognising so old a friend as the Logan it is com-monly drawn as if isolated, @thus@, and would so, no doubt, be very astornshing but, when my memory puts it as above, stapled, and @obliged@ to remain for Cockneys to log it, surrounded by a much more imposing brotherhood, my wondèr only ia that it keeps its lion character, and that, considering the easy explication of ita natural cause or accident, it should ever have been conceived to be man'a doing per-hapa the Druids availed themselves of so lucky a chance for miraole-mohgoring, but as to having con-trived it, you might as well aay that they built the cli@ns. It strikes me, moreover, that Cornwall could never have been the headquarters of Druidism, inas-much as the soil is too seanty for oaks thore isn't a tree of any size, much less an oak tree in all West Corn-wall they must have eut samphire from thé rocks, instead of misletoe from oaks, and the old gentlemen must have been pretty tolerable climbers, victim and ail, to have got near enough to touch the Logan to be sure it was a frosty day, and iron-shod shoes on icy granite are not over coalescible, but I did not dare scramble to it, as a tumble would have insured a par-ticularly'uncomfortable death and although thé inter-esting Leaper from the Logan, or Martin Martyr would have had his name enshrined in young lady sonnets, and azure albums, such immortality had little charms for me. I contented myself-with being able to swear that 1 have seen 90 tons of atone moved by a child of ten years old. Near it is another, called the Jogging lady, a block, upright like ita neighbours, about 12 feet high, and which thé boy told me could only be made to log by two men with pôles in fact, one end is wo@m with levers well, I told him to try and move it no use, says he try, said 1 he did try, and couidn't well, 1 took a sight of where 1 thought he could do it, and set him to push forthwith. my lady tottered, and 1 told the boy, if he would only keep to himself where he pushed it would be a banknote to him. 1 mention this to illustrate what 1 verily believe, to wit, that, if a man only took the hreakneck trouble to clamber and try, he would disoover several rocking-stonea but the fact is, this would dimi-Bish thé wonder, and Cockneys wouldn't corne to aee what.is easily explained your Druids, with imaginary dynamics, invest nature's freaks with mysterious interest. But away to Toi Peden Penwith, where there is another cu@nosity in the smooth green middle of a, narrow pro-montory, aurrounded and. terminated by the boldest rock-scenery, strangely drops down for a perpendicular hundred feet, a circular chasm, not ill named the Funnel, and which not even a stolid Borlase can pretend was dug by the Druids at the bottom there is communica-tion with the sea by means of a cavern, and in stormy weather the rush up this gigantic earth's chimuey.must be something ter-rible will this convey a rough idea? the scenery all round is really magnificent, and the look-ing down thia black smooth stone-pit ia quite fearful it slopes away so deceitfully, and looka like a huge @Hon-ant's nest, Few people see this, because you can only get at it by a walk of a mile, but I think it quite as worth seeing as the logan-rock. My next object was the Land's End, where, as elaewhere, I did signalise myself by @not@ sc@pb-Ming my àutograph on a rock, or carving M. F. T. on the sod the rocky coast is of thé .eame grand character granite bits, as big as houses, @noundering over each other like whalea at play the cli@Ss, cavernoua, castellated, moBsgrown, and weatherbeaten it looks @like@ a Land's end, a regular break up of the world'a then useless@~tba an outlier of rocks in thé sea, surmounted by a light-house looks @like@ the end of the struggle between con-quering man, and sturdy désolation. One place, where I tremble to think I have been, atruek me as quite awfut helped by an iron-handed sailor, who comforts you in the dizzy scramble with Never fear, sir, you shan't fall, unless 1 fall too, you fearfully@pick your way to thé extreme end, where it goes slick down, and lying prostrate on the slippery granite which looks disjointed everywhere, and as if it would fall with you, bodily with head strained over you see under you a dreadful cavern, open nearly to where you are, up- which roars the white and angry sea. 0 brother David, and foot-tinglihg Sire, never can you take that look and never would I again. On1y think of tipping over! ugh.-Into the gig again, beside my shrewd Sam Weller driver, and away. Here and there about this part of Cornwall are studded rude stone crosses, probably of the time of St. Colomba, as they are similar to those at Iona about two or three feet high, and very @@@@@@In one place, 1 noticed what seemed to be a headieaa female figure, perhaps the Virgin, and as large as life my Jehu said he had heard that it .once had a head. We soon came to a small square incloaure, said to be a most ancient cemetery 1 scrambled over thé waJl, and found among the briara and weeds one solitary tomb of a venerable and Bunio aspect, but 1 soon found out that it recorded the name of somebody who departed Y@ LYFE somewhere in 1577 nothing so extromely ancient. A rough rock-besprinkied hill,now attracted me, as 1 heard it was oalled another Carn-bréh, and was surmounted by some moundt or ruin so out of the gig, and up in no time. Clearly it had been an ancient beacon place, as atop are thé re-mains of a small square-built terrace inclosing some upright stones placed irregularly,-a sort of huge @nre-place. One of the neighbouring rocks presented on its surface a fine specimen of what are called rock basins but unluckily for the antiquary, this excavation is on the side of the stone, not on the summit so that it could not possibly hold water, and is clearly caused by some particular moss eating away the stone.-By three o'clock returned to ~enzance, had dinner it was break-fast too , bought a mineral memorial, and in the gig. again, over the sands to the outlandishly named Mara Zion, or Market Jew, words probably of similar import. Opposite to this little place, and joined to it by a neck qf rocks passable at low-water, stands that picturesque gem, Mount St. Michael. You know the sort of thing an abrupt@ pyramid of craggy rock, crowned with an edifice, half stronghold and half cathedral. It is a home of the St. Aubyn family, and is vell kept up in the ancient style, but in rather a small way a portcullised entrance, old armour hanging in the guard-room, a beautiful dining-hall with carved oak roof, and panels, and chairs a chap@d to match, with stained windows an elegant Gothio drawing-room, white and gold and everything, down to black-leather drinking jugs, in character with the feudal stronghold..1 mounted.the corkscrew tower, and got to the broken atone lantern they call St. Michael's chair an uncomfbrtable job, but rewarded by a splendid panorama, gilt by the setting sun in the chapel too, 1 descended into a miserable dungeon oommunicating with a monk's stall, where doubtless some self-immured peni-tent had wasted life away, only coming to thé light. for D matins, and only relieved from solitary imprisonment by midnight mass. This has been discovered but very lately in repairing the chapel it was walled up, and contained a skeleton. As a matter of course, this old castle contains a little hidden room, where that ubiqui-tous vagabond, the royal Charles, laid his hunted head the poor persecuted debauchee sponged upon all hia friends like Bellyserious Buggins. Back again, by water this time, to little Mara Zion, but ever and anon'looking with admiration on that beautiful mount the western rocks are really magnificent, as big as the largest hay-stacks, and tumbled about as loosely as an emptied sugar-basin some hanging by a corner, and others rest-ing on a casual fragmeut 1 am sure of one logan-stone, if a little impertinent bit of rock were only moved away and 1 walked under and between more Titanic architec-ture than Stonehenge can show the Druids, for my part, shall have their due, but not where they don't deserve it. At nine, after a substantial fried-fish tea, 1 mounted the night coach to Falmouth,-outside, as there was no room in, and so, through respectable Hel-. stone, remarkable for a florid Gothie arch erected to some mode@m worthy of the town, to decent Penryn, and then by midnight, to the narrowest of all towns, Falmouth.-1 longed to get back to my darlings, and resolved to see them by next mo@ming, so booked an outside no room inside, as before for an immédiate start. Now, you can readily imagine that 1 was by no means hot, and though the night of Thursday last was rather mild, still it waa midwinter aooordingly 1 conceived and executed a marvellous calorificating plan, whioh evon the mail-coachman@had nover heard of. Haying comforted my interiors with hot grog of thé stiffest, 1 called for. another shillingsworth of brandy, and deliberately emptied it, to the astonished edification of. beholders, into my boots 1 literal fact, and it kept my feet comfortable all night long. And so, wrapped all in double clothing, sped 1 my rapid way, varying what 1 had before seen by passing through desolate Bodmin, and its neighbourhood of rock, moor, and sand hot coffee at Liskeard, morning broke soon after, then the glorious sun over the sea. Hamoaze, the ferry, and Devonport at@@@@ past 8. Much as 1 longed to get home, 1 went forthwith into a hot bath at 102, to boil out all chills, and thence went spick and span to my happy rest, having within 48 hours seen the best part of Cornwall and its wonders, and rode or walked 250 miles. And so, brother David, commend me for a traveller. HERE ends my Cornish expédition. Does it recall to thee, 0 sire, thine own of old time, undertaken if I remember rightly with Dr. Eidd ?-Mails then did not travel like the Quicksilver, averaging 12 miles an hour, and few people go 40 miles before breakfast. Now, 1 feel able to get nearer my Albury destination, and in a week or so, shall hope to be resid@mg at Dor-cb ester, near the Blandford of paternal recolleetions. Did you, dear mother, get a letter from me directed to Albury ? 1 1 hope so, for it sets all clear and if not, l'@U set the nation against cheap postage. I don't feel the least confidence now in the Post O@@Sce, forasmuch as they have no interest in a letter after it is paid, and many will be mislaid from haste and multiplicity. Pleaée to say if it came safely to hand, as 1 judge it important. If you, dear mother, got my last, 1 hâve nothing more to say, and if not, l'@U blow up thé Post O@@moo unpopu-larity would send all thé letters by carriers but whether or not, 1 oan't write any more, so with a due proporbion of regards rightly broadcast around, accept the remainder from-Your affectionate son, M. F. T. JN 1829 1 was entered as a commoner at Christ Cburch, Oxford, and went through the usual course of lectures with fair success. As a fumily we have all favoured Oxford rather than Cambridge my father and two cousins, Elisha and Carré, were at Exeter Collège, to take. the benefit of its Sarnian Exhibitions my brother Daniel was at Brasenose, and my brother William gained a scholarship of Triuity. Wheu at Christ Church 1 wore thé same academioal gown which my father had, -aud have it still a curious antiquity in the dress line, now some fourscore years old, and perfect for wear and appearance,-such as would have rejoiced the Sartor Resartus of Carlyle. At college 1 did not do much in thé literary line, unless it is worth mention that translations from the Greek or Latin poets were always rendered by me in verse not prose@ and that 1 published anonymously A Voieo from the Cloister, being an ea@mest appeal to my fellow-collegians against the youthfui exoesses so common in those days. From this pamphlet 1 give an extract, as it is scarce .it began with blank verse and ended with rhyme, ail being for the period courageousiy moral and religious. The end is as thus CHAPTER IV. COLLEGE DAYS. Enough, sad Muse, enough thy downward @night Has oleft with wearied wing the shades of night Be drest in smiles, forget the gloomy past, And, cygnet-like, sing sweeter at the last, Strike on the ohords of joy a happier strain And be thyself, thy oheerful self, again. Hail, goodly company of generous youth, Hail, nobler sons of Temperanoe and Truth 1 I see attendant Ariels oiroling there, Light-hoarted Innocence, and P@mdenco fair, Sweet Chastity, young Hope, and Reason bright, And modest Love, in heaven'6 own hues bedight, Staid Diligence, and Eeaith, and holy Grace, And gentle Happiness with smiling face,-All, all are there and Sorrow speeds away, And Melancholy flees the sons of day Dull Caie is gladden'd with reflèoted light, And wounded Sin flies sickening at the sight. My friends, whose innate worth the wise man's praise And the fool's censure equally betrays, Acoept the humble blessing of my Muse, Nor your assistance to her aim refuse, Sh@oasks@not@@nattery, but lether olaim A kind perusal, and a secret name. 1 scarcely like to mention it, as a literary accident, but being a curious and unique anecdote it shall be atated. 1 had the honour at Christ Church of being prizetakèr of Dr. Burton'a theological essay, Thé Re-conciliation of Matthew and John, when Gladstone who had aiso contested it, stood second and when Dr. Burton had me before him to give me the .~25 worth of books, he requested me to allow Mr. Gladstone to have@@. worth of them, as he waa so good a second. Cer-tainly such an easy concession was one of my earliest literary triumphs. My first acquaintance with Gladstone, whom 1 have known from those college days now for more than five and @6fty years, was a memorable event, and may thus be worthy of mention. It was at that time not a common thing for undergraduates to go to the com-munion at Christchurch Cathedral-that holy célébra-tion being supposed to be for the particular benefit of Dean and Canons, and Masters of Arts. So when two undergraduates went out of the chancel together after communion, which they had both attended, it is small wonder that they addressed each other genially, in defiance of Oxford etiquette, nor that a friendship so well begun has continued to this hour. Not that 1 have always approved of my friend's politics multi-tudes of letters through many years have passed be-tween us, wherein if 1 have sometimes ventured to praise or to blame, 1 have always been answered both gratefully and modestly but 1 have ever tried to hold the balance equally too, according to my lights, and if at one time on occasion of the great Oxford election, 1864 1 published a somewhat famous copy of verses, ending with Il Orator, statesman, soholar, wit, and sage, The Orichton,-more, the Gladstone of the age, my faithfulness must in after years confess to a well-known palinode one of my Three Hundred Sonnets commencing Beware of mere delusive eloquenoe, and a still more caustio lyric, beginning with Glozing tongue whom none oan trust, and so forth, as a caution against a great man's special gift, so proverbiailly dangerous. Some of our most honest Ministers, @@@6.@@ Althorpe and Wellington, have been very bad speakers some of our most eloquent oratora have proved very bad Ministers. And in this place 1 may introduce some account, long ago in print, of the famous Aristotle class under thé tutorship of Mr. Biscoe at Christ Church, wherein among far nobler and botter scholars your present confessor took the lowest seat. Fifty years ago Biscoe's Aristotle class at Christ Church was comprised almost wholly of men who have since become celebrated, some in a remarkable degree and, as we believe tbat so many namea, afterwards attaining to great distinction,~ have rarely been asso-ciated at one lecture-board, either at Oxford or elae-where, it may be allowed to oné who counts himself the least ond lowest of the company to pen thia brief note of those old Aristotelians. Let the central figure be @Gladstone@-ever from youth up the beloved and admired of many personal intimates although some may be politically his opponents . Aiways the foremost man, warm-hearted, earnest, hard-working, and religious, he had a following even in his teens and it is noticeable that a choice lot of young and keen intelligences of Eton and Christ Church formed themselves into a small social sort of club, styled, in compliment to their founder's initials, the W.E.G. Next to Gladstone Lord @ZiMco@@~ used to sit, his first parliamentary patron at Newark, and through life to death his friend. We ail know how admirably in many o@@mces of State the late Duke of Nowoaatle served hia country, and what a good and wise Mentor he was to a grateful Telemachua in Amerioa. 6~ may be mentioned thirdiy then a good-looking youth with classic features and a florid cheek, since gone to thé land of the departed after having hëaled up the wounds of India as her Governor-GeneraI. Next to the writer, one on each side, sat two more Gove@mors-Goneral @in futuro@, though then both younger sons and commoners, and now both also gone to their reward eisewhere these were J9~Mce@, afterwards Lord Elgin, and @~a~sc~y, Lord Dalhousie the one famous from Canada to China, the other noted for his triumphs in the Punjaub. When at Toronto in 185@@ the writer was welcomed to thé aplendid hospitality of Lord Elgin, and the very lecture-room hère depicted was mentioned as a rare gathering of notables. Lord @Abercorn@ was of thé claas, a future viceroy Lord @Douglas@, lately Duke of Hamilton, handsome as an Apollo, and who married a Princesa of Badeh and if Lord T~o~r M was infrequent in his attendance, at least he was eligible, and should not be omitted as a various sort of eccentrio celebrity. Then @Phillimore@ was there, now our Dean of the Arches ~Sco@@~ and @Liddell@, both heads of housea, and even then conspiring together for their great Dictiohary. @C@~~O@M too lately Lord De la Zouch waa at thé table, meditating Armenian and Levantine travels, and longing in spirit for those Byzantine MSS.@preserved.at@Parham, whéré the writer has delighted to inspect them how nearly Tisohëndorf was anticipated in hia fortunate find of that ear@Hest Scripture, no ono knows botter than Lord Zouch, who must have been close upon that great and important discovéry 1 Do@~e@, ,now Professor of Poetry, .Hill@, of Mathematics, @Vaughan@, of History-all were of this wonderfui class. as aiso the Earl of celebrated as a mathematician Bishops .HcM~ oK, Denison, and M~M'~M~~A and @Cornewall Lewis@, late Chancelier of thé Exchequer and @Kynaston@, Head Master of St. Paul's and a member of Parliament or two, as, for example, @Leader@, once popular for West-minster. Now, other names of almost equal eminence may have been here accidentally omitted, but the writer wi@U not guess at more than he actually recollects. Sometimes-for the lecture was a famous one-members of other colleges came in @Sidney Herbert@, of Oriel, in particular, is reinemb.ered and if @Robert Lowe@, of University, was only occasionally seen, it must have been because he seldom went abroad till twilight. Altogether U there were giants in those days and, without controversy, a casual class, containing more than a score of@such.illustrious namea as are here registered, must be memorable. The lecture-room was next to Christ Church Hall, where that délicate shaft supports its exquisite traceried roof the book was U Aristotle's Rhetoric, illustrated by each reader with quotations, a record whereof is still @~eMe~ me@, and the lecturer, now no longer living, was that able. and accomplished classic, thé Révérend @Robert .B~c@~c. My college days are full of reoollections of men, since become famous in literature, art, science, or position of these the principal are aiready recorded as having been members of the Aristotlè class. Let me add here, that 1 lived for three weeks of my first term in the gaily adot'hed rooma in Peckwater of the wild Lord Waterford and afterwards in'Lord Osaulston'a, both being then absent from collège that Frank Buckland and his bear occupied long after I had leff my own chambers in Fells' Buildings that I was a class-mate and friend of tbe luckless Lord Conyers Osborne, then a comely and ruddy youth with curly hair and gentle manners, and that I remember how ait Oxford was horrified at his shocking death-he having been back-broken over an arm-chair by the good-natured but only too athletic Earl of Hillsborough in a wine-party frolic that Knighton, early an enthusiast for art, used to draw his own left hand in divers attitudes with his right every day for weeks and that some not quite unknown cotemporary used to personate me at times for his own benefit. As he has been long dead, I may now state that he was believed to be Lord Douglas of Hamilton. Hère is the true story. One day the Dean requested my presence, and thus addressed me I hâve long overlooked it, Mr. Tupper, but this must never occur agairi indeed I have only waited till now, because I knew of your general good conduct. What have 1 done, Mr. Dean be pleased to tell me. 'Why, sir, the porter states that this is the fifth time you have not come into college until past twelve o'clock.@@ beg. your pardon, Mr. Dean there is some mis-take for 1 have never once been later than ten. Then, Mr. Tupper, somebody must hâve given your name in the dark and I request that you will do your best to discover who did this, and report it to met As 1 failed to do it, after some days, again the Dean sent for me and finding after question made that 1 .pretty well guessed the de@~nquent but declined to expose him, the Dean kindiy added- Thia doea you crédit, sir, and I left. A few days passed, and I was brought up again with 1 think you are intended for the Church, Mr. Tupper. As well aa 1 could manage it, 1 stammered out that it was impossible, as 1 could not speak. Then he said he was sorry for that, as he meant to nominate me for a studentship. This, how-ever, never came to pass, and so the matter dropped until Dean Gaisford succeeded Dean Smith, and Joseph lost his Pharaoh. At college 1 lived the quiet life of a reading-man though 1 varied continually the desk and the book with thé constitutional up Headington Hill, or the gallop with Mr. Murrell's harriers, or the quick acull to I@@mey, or the more perilous sailing in a boat no wonder that Isis @daims her annual victims , or the gig to Blenheim or Newton-Courtnay,-or that only once alarming ex-perience of a tandem when the leader turned round and looked at me in its nostalgie longing to return home,-or the geological ramble with Dr. Buckland's class,-or the botanic aearchings for wild rarities with some naturalist pundit whose name 1 have forgotten and so forth. In matters theological, 1 was strongly opposed to the Tractarians, especially denouncing Newman and Pusey for their dishonest non-naturalness and Num-ber Ninety and I favoured with my approval @valeat quantuft Dr. Hampden. 1 attended Dr. Kidd's ana-tomical lectures, and dabbled with some chemical ex-periments-which when Knighton and 1 repeated at his father's house, 9 Hanover Square, the baronet in future blew us up to the astonishment of the baronet in ~' Me~, his famous father. AIso, 1 was a diligent student in the Algebraio class of Dr. Short, afterwards the good Bishop of St. Asaph and 1 have before me now a memoria 6cAtHOCt of mine in rhyme giving the nine chief ruies of trigonometry, but not eaaily pro-ducible here as full of élues and cosiries, arcs, chords, tangents@ and radii, though helpful to memory, and humorous at the time, ending with At least 1 ha.ve proved that nothing ia worse Than Trigonometiical Probleme in verse there are also similarly to be recorded my mathematical @@~aMce@~ with that worthy and clever Professor, A. P. Saunders, afterwards headmaster of Charterhouse and my Hebrew lectures with the mild-spoken Dr. Pusey, afterwarda so notorious and 1 know not whatever eise is memorable, unless one condescended to what goes without saying about Hall and Chapel, and Examinations how-ever, some frivolous larks in the Waterford days@ where-with 1 need not say the présent scribe had nothing to do, may_amuse. Hère are three 1 remember i. An edict had gone out from the authorities against hunting in pin@@ and next morning the Dean's and the Canons' doors in quad were found to have been miraculously painted red in the night.. 2. There was a grand party of Dons at the Deanery, and as they hung their togas in the'hall for they couldn't conveniently dine in them there.waa Bi@ched from each proctorial sieeve that mar-vellous little triangular survival of a stole which nobody can explain, and all thèse collectively were nailed on thé Dean's outer door in a star. 3. A certain gai-den of small yows and box trees was found one morning to hâve been transplanted bodily into Peckwater Quadrangle, as a matter of mystery and de@Sauco. And there were other liko exploits as thé immersion of that leadon Mercury into its own pond and town and gown rows, wherein 1 remembor to have seen thé herculean Lord HiHs-borough on one side of High Street, and Peard after-wards Garibaldi's Englishman on the other, clear away the crowd of roughs with their fiste, scattering them like duplicates of the hero of Corioli. Of course I duly@took my@degrees of B.A. and M.A.@ aud long after of D.O.L., when the Cathedral chimes rang for me, as they always do for a grand compounding Doctor. A mentionable @curio@ of authorship on that occasion ia this whatever may be the rule now, in those days the degree of D.C.L. involved a three-hours' impriaon-ment in' the pulpit of the Bodleiau Chapel, for the candidate to answer therefrom in Latin auy theological objeçtors who might show themselves for that purpose as, however, the chapel was always locked by Dr. Bliss, tbe registrar, there was nover a possibility to make objection. So my three houra of enforced idle-neaa obliged me to use pencil and paper, -which- I happened to have in my pocket,-and I then and there produced my poem on Thé Dead -to be found at p. 26 of my Miscellaneous Poems, still extant at Gall Icglis's-a long one of eighteen stanzas, much liked by Gladstone amongst others. I didn't intend it certaiuly, but, as thé poem ends with thé word @Miss, it was ridioulousiy thought that I had specially alluded to the registrar 1 ORDERS AND LINOOLN'S INN. SooN after leaving Oxford, and when some attempts to help my speech seemed to be partially successful, my father wished me to take orders, which also from reli-gious motives was my own desire for M'Neile at Albury, and Bulteel at Oxford, had been instruments of good to me, the first since 1 was 13, the other as a youug col-legian and as Earl Rivera, whom my father bad @Bnan-cially assisted promised me a living, and a curacy was easy where the mère licence was enough by way of salary, 1 soon found myself standing for introductory approval before Bishop Burgess at his hotel in Waterloo Place, a candidate for orders by Examination. The godd Bishop being a Hebrew scholar was glad enough to hear that 1 with however slight a smattering had studied that. primitive tongue under Pusey and Pauli,-andi I began to hope before his awful présence. But, when he told me to read, and soon perceived my,only half-oured infirmity, he faithfully enough assured me with sorrow that 1 could not be ordained unless 1 had my speech. So that @nrst and sole interview came to an untimely end for. soon after, not meaning to give up the struggle at once, 1 resolved, before my next Episcopal visit, to gp down to Blewbury, the vicarage of my friend Mr. Evanson, who had agreed to lieense me tp his curacy, in. order that by, reading the lessons in churoh 1 mi~ht CHAPTER V. practically test my competency. Of course, 1 prepared myself specially by diligence, and care, and prayer, to stand this new ordeal. But 1 failed to please even the indulgent vicar, though he got his curate for nothing, and though his fair daughter amiably welcomed the not ungainly Coelebs and as for the severe old clerk,-he naïve!y blurted out, Tell'ee what, sir, it won't do you looks well,-but what means them stops ? Allas 1 they meant thé rébellion of tongue and lips against every difficult letter, a @@@, or a @p@, or a far too current@@,?. And so 1 came to the wise conclusion that 1 was not to be a parson. And perhaps it's as well l'm not for my natural combativeness would never have tolerated my bishop or my rector, or even the parish churchwarden, specially in these days of Ritualism and Romanism. 1 was thus thrown back upon myself and 1 now see gratefully and humbly how 1 was being schooled and forced into a mental era@of@silent@thoughtfulness, iu after years the seed of several volumes as well as innumerable ballads and poems which have flown as fly-leaves over the worid. After this clerical failure, my good father urged me to turn to the law, thinking that as a chamber cpunsel my intellectual attainments and 1 had worked hard for many years might yet be availàble to society and to myself, though on the silent system but a as 1 verbal explanations are as necessary in @@room as at the bar 1 soon perceived that all could not be done on paper, and as 1 thoroughly hated law I speedily turned to other sorts of literature, in especial the @nxing of my own rhymed or rhythmed thoughts in blaok and white. There is a small chamber in the tun'et of No. 19 Lincolu's Inn Old Square, on the second floor of rooms then belonging to my late friend Thomas Lewin after-wards a Master in Chancery, and well known not ouly for his Law books, but also for his Life of St. Paul where 1 used to dream and think and jot down Pro-verbial morsels on odd bits of paper which gradually grow to be a book. Lewin once, 1 remember, picked up from the wastepaper basket these lines which he admired much, and asked me where they came from. For that a true philosophy commandeth an innocent life, And the unguilty spirit is lighter than a linnet's heart. They occur in my Essay on Ridicule, tiret séries, so 1 Lad to confess as found out. When my book appeared Lewin offered to review it for me in the Z~o~ ?OM!eMë, then edited by@his friend Mr. Landon, L. E. L.'s brother. An unusual rush of business just then coming in to him, and the editor pressing for copy, Lewin begged me to write the Article myself, to which 1 most reluctantly assented resolving howover to be quite impartial. The result was that when 1 handed thé critique to my busy friend, he quickly said after a hurried glance, Why, this won't do at all you have eut yourself up cruelly, instead of praising, as you ought to have done. 1 must do it myself@ 1 sup-pose. Hère, copy out this Opinion for me, if you can read it it's Mr. Brodie's, aud 1 can't. With that he threw my MS. into the wastepaper basket, and 1 did his work for him, whilst he commended me with .duo vigour, and sent his clerk off with a too kind verdict in hot haste to the expectant editor. The mention of Brodie reminds me that 1 spent a yea.r copying old deeds in lus murky chamber, 49 Lincoln's Inn Fields, where nobody could road his hand-writing except hia clerk appropriately yclopt Inkpen , and when @he@ couldn't it was handed back to Mr. Brodie for exposition, wherein if he himself failed, as was some-times the case, he had to write a new Opinion. Inkpen was a character, as a self-taught entomologist, breeding in me then thé rabies of colleoting moths and beetles, as a couple of boxes full of such can still prove. He lived at Chelsea, near the Botanical Gardens there and attributed his wonderful finds of étrange insecta in his own pocket-handkerchief garden to @tray caterpillars and @nies, c., that came his way from among the packets of foreign plants. He used also to catch small fowl on passengers' coats and blank walls, as he passed on his daily walks to his office and back, having pill-boxes in his pocket, and pins inside his hat ao secure the spoil. In the course of years he had amassed butterflies and beetles to so valuable an extent, that when he was compolled by adverse fortune to@sell his cabinet@aby auction at Stevens's, he netted ~1200 for his collection this he told me in later years .himself immodiately after the sale, ho com-menced collecting anew.-and having been made curator of Lincoln's Inn Fields through Mr. Brodie's interest , he soon found an infinity of new inseots.-derived per-haps û'om thé Surgeon's Hall Muséum, or straying to the nine acres bf that Garden,-is it not the area of Cephren's Pyramid ?-as a -refuge for them out of smoky London. The.good man always brought a new flower to look at every mo@@mmg while at desk work it lived in an old inkbottle of water, till one happy day I be-thought me charitably of giving him a pretty China vase,-that good man, 1 say, is now long since gone to a world of light and beauty-.whenoe, 1 am sure, @Bowors and butterflies cannot be excluded. n About the same time this mémorable matter may receive a notice. One day at Brodie's chambers we heard a riotous noise in Linooln's Inn Fields, and run-ning out, 1 found that the Duke of Wellington, for some political offence, was being mobbed,-and that too on the i8th of June t He was calmly walking his horse, surrounded by roaring roughs,-a groom being behind him at some distance, but otherwise alone. Disgusted at thé scene, 1 jumped on the steps of Surgeon'a Hall, and shouted out-Waterloo, Waterloo 1 That one word turned the tide of execrations into cheers, and the Iron Duke passed me silently with a military salute as thé mob were thus easily converted mob being, as we conveyancers say, a short form for mobil@e, change-able and escorted our. national hero to his home in sa~ety, I really think the little incident worth recording. We are just now in the throes of such a mobocracy,-and know how much one firm policeman can avail to calm a riot. While speaking of the Duke and Apsley House, let me add here another word of some interest. My uncle, Arthur W. Devis, had painted life-sized por-traits of Blucher and Ûneisenau, which his widow had given to me and as the Duke had aiways been my father's friend, I asked his Grace if he would accept them from me this he declined, but said, get Coluaghi to value them and l'il buy them -as accord-ingly 1 did, and tbe pictures.are still 1 presume either at Apsley House or Strathfieldsaye. My small memories of the Great Duke are summed up in these four mono-syllables, plain, blunt, firm, kind. After Brodie's, my liberal father would give for me, another hundred pounds, this time to his cousin Mr. Walters of No. 12 in the Square, to make me. more learned as a conveyancer but it was ail of no use He penned a stanza when ho should engross how-ever, 1 ate my terms and was duly called to the Bar. At Walters' my most eminent colleague, amongst others, was Roundel Palmer, now Lord Selborne, who, some time after, when we both had chambers in the Inn, wanted me but I repudiated the idea to be proposed as a candidate member for Oxford University, just before Gladstone was induced to stand 1 daresay he will remember it. As to M.P.s@~p I may have had other chances, but I never cared for a position of end-less care and toil by night and day, to say nothiug of my impediment of speech, and as to the magie letters I rather despised them this being one reason. Not very many years ago my brother Charles was. offered Nottingham if he would pay ~3000 for the honour,-and so 1 failed to appreciate any such distinction. I think too that votes were at one time purchasable even at Guildford, my county town but that was of course at a lésa upright aud immaculate time of day than this. At Walters' were also three of my cotomporaries,-De Morgan, who had thé business after docease of our principal, and whose brother is.or was the famous psychological philosopher Domville, since Sir Charles, 1 believe and Gunn, a West Indian, of whom the jest was to inquire of Walters, a very nervous man, if he liked us to have a gun in chambers a@U these, and there were more, were clever mon and worthy, but as the tide of life @Bows on I have lost sight of them. 1 hâve just found an old letter of my own, dated Deoember 28, !839, which with my own permission asked and granted 1 will give as to a matter quite for-gotten by me, viz., that Lady Spencer promised my -father to get me an Indian Writersbip.-as also that previous!y 1 had once hopes of the Registrarship @@om Lord John Russell, afterwards given to Mr. Lyster. Thé letter proves how much my no-speech bindered both my good father's efforts and my own,-and ex-plains itseU .@In those days it cost gd. between Albury aud London. My DEAREST FATHBR,-1 can fully, though ndt per-Laps so fully as you can, eu ter into your gréât anxieties about your five great boys, aud actuated by this sym-pathy 1 sit down to say a word more about India.-1 do ~hope you have not yet given Lady Spencer a décisive answer, as the horizon seema a little to olear of its indigoNous hurticanes. Since my last letter to you 1 have, 1 can truly say, made every effort to apeak like a man, but, alast too un uccessfally my@tongue seems only able to say veto to ~th~ Ohuroh, and that speaking is a pecessary quali@ncation needs no démonstration. Auht FaJiny bas strongly recommended me to think more seriousty about it, and Mr. M'Neile has also giveh me .bis yalua@Me opinion on thé sub ect, tbat at least 1 must inquire what 1 am more @ntted for, and not Jightiy'put aside those opportunities which Providence places in my way. However, 1 would by no means be hurried in my@choice@either way 1 must inquire what is th@@o@omce of a wtiter whether oratorical powers be not requisite, c., for as yet I have a very vague and indefinite idea of what 1 reject or choose. I really do find my impe-diment most truly a grievous impediment to what appears more deairable but 1 would wish to consider tbis, as every other constitutional infirmity or affliction, as but an instrument in the hands of God to subserve some. wise purpose. Let this letter. therefore, if you please, serve as. a préventive, if not too late, to your final décision a bout it, and put me, my dear father, iti possession of more of thé peeuliar features. in a writer's employment if you can, I hop@ to be with you on Friday. T@U1 then, and ever be!ieve me, my dear father, your a6'ectioB te son, M. F. TuppB ALBnBY, DMemt f 28~, M~Mi ty. The day after I took my degree as a ba@rnster, 1 married my cousin after a nine years' engagement my father'having resolved I should not marry withput a pro-fession.@@ did my best at this vocation of the law much against the grain, and actually achieved, with Lewin's help, a voluminous will, and a marriage settlement, with some aceessory deeds, procured for me by my mother's friend Mr. Hunt, through one Dangerfield, a solicitor. 1 have often @@lt anxious to know how far my conveyancing held@water but the thought of Lewin's skill has comforted me-and besides I have never heard a word about it now for half a century. My fee for a!I was @nfty guineas-pretty well for a first and last exploit in the way of law and its rewards. As I am just leaving my father's house for Park V@Ulage, and thereafter Albury, here 1 will insert two little memories of past days when I lived with my parents at No. 5. Here is one. Théodore Hook's famous Beruers Street hoax had lately made such exploits very catohing among schdolboys-and in my Charterhouse daya it was repeated by Punsonby Oo.itt my father's town-house. On a certain Saturday when 1 had my weekly holiday at home, 1 tnarvelled to find the street crowded with vans, coal-carts, trucks, a mourning coach, @Bshmongers, butchers, and confectioners with trays, and a number of servants wanting places. A@U tbese were crowding round No. 5, as ordered or advertised for by Mr. Tupper of course soon explained away, and rejected, to a general indignation at the hoaxers. Now, as I had my suspicions, 1 sat unseen at the front drawing-room window, and watched and as more than once 1 had noticed P. and his friends pass down the street on thé opposite side, 1 taxed thom with their exploit on the Monday and I rather think it cost them not a trifling sum to satisfy that crowd of dis-appointed tradesmen. Happily such practical joking is now long since or ought to be a social outrage of the past Hook's being first had the grace of original humour,-but imitations are dull repetition, not to be excused. 1 only once met Theodore Hook, and that was in his décadence ho looked puffy and only sonu-sober but 1 recollect with how much deference and expectation the livener-up was eagerly surrounded, and how sillily thé dupes laughed at every word he uttered, whether humorous or not. For another laat memory of No. 5, in thé dining-room whereof Lord Sandwich, who had once lived there, is Baid to hâve invented sandwiches, 1 will record this. In those days of long ago, how well I remember our next-door neighbour, old Lady Oork, Thé Dowager-Opuntesa of Cork and Orrery, as her door-plate pro-claimed, some of whose peouliaritios I may mention without o@Sonoe, @M they were notorious and the phy-sicians judged innocent and venial. Whenover ahe found herself alone and she kept profuse hospitality three or four days a week, with her vast illuminated conservatory full of artificial flowers and grapes and oranges tied on everything , when those famous routa were silent, and dance music no longer kept us awake at night, the little old lady would send in a message, asking neighbour Tupper to give her a dinner to-day -sometimea oven coming unannounced. She usually appeared all in white, even to her shoes and bonnet, which latter she would keep on the whole evening the only colour about her being rouged cheeks, sometimes decorated with a piece of white paper eut into the shape of a heart, and stuck on to charm away the tic. Well, her ladyship was always full of society anecdotes and 1 oniy wish that her diary may soon be published, as probably a more spicy record of past celebrities than even Pepys'a in old times, or Greville's in our own but she is said to have left instructions to her executors not to publish till every one mentioned by her was dead so we must wait till that tontine is over. But the specialty of thé aged countess, who died at past ninety but never owned to more than sixty, was a propensity to annex small properties always it hap-pened that next morning after a visit either her butler or her lady's-maid would bring to us a spoon or a fork or a pièce of @bric-à-bra@o which she had carried off with her in seeming unoonsoiousnesa and as she nover inquired for them afterwards, possibly it was so. Let dootors décide. @Requiescat.@ The forthcoming memoirs of that once famous and lovely Miss Monokton will be interest ing@indeed,@if@not@over-edited. ONE of the apparent calamities of my life overruled, as 1 have long since seen, for good was thé before-mentioned affliction of a very bad impediment of speech, which blighted my youth and manhood from fifteen to thirty@.nve, obliging me to social humiliations of many kinds, to silence in class and on examination occasions hence my written poetries in lieu of spoken prose , and in early manhood preventing me from taking orders, and tLereafter from speaking in the law courts. But 1 was hopeless~y and practically a dumb man, except uudor special excitations, when 1 could burst into éloquent speech which surprised third per-sons more than myself for when quite alone I could spout like Demosthenes it was only nervous fear that paralysed my tongue. Accordingly, my good father placed me from time to time with well-meaning and well-paid pretenders to make a perfect cure of my a@@mic-tion, and 1 did many things and suffered much from such false physicians. 1 am sure no pue can tr@dy say what 1 can, viz., that in a purposely monotonous note and syllable by@8ynable,wit.ha@6rutoh under my@chin, and a sort of gag. on the rebelltous tongue, I have road ail through in a Ipud voice Mitton's whole Paradise Lost and Regained, and thé most of Cowper's poems 1 CHAPTER VI. STAMMEMNQ AND OHBSS. That was the sort of tongue-drill and nerve-quieting recommended and enforeed for many houra a day, through weary months, by a certain Mr. 0., while Dr. P., hia successor to the well-named patient, gave, first, emuloents, and then styptics, and waa fortunately preveuted ni time by my father from some surgical experiments on the muscles of lip and tongue 1 How-ever, nobody could cure me, uutil 1 cured myself rather, let me gratefully and humbly confess, until God answered constant prayer, and granted atronger bodily health, and gave me good sucoesa in my literary liie, and made me to feel 1 waa equal in speech, as now, to the most fluent of my fellows. So let any stammerer and theré are many such take comfort from my cure, and pray against the trouble as 1 did, and courageously stand up against the multitude to claim before heaven and earth man's proudeat prerogative-the privilege of speech. In my Proverbial Essay Of Speaking will be found two coutrasted pictures drawn from my own expériences one of the stifled stammerer, the other of the unbridled orator which you can turn to an you will. As, however, some of my old groauings after utterance are not equally accessible, 1 wi l hère give a few lines of mine from thé Stammerer's Complaint, printed in the medical book of one of my Galons @@@@@@And ia it not in truth A poisoned eting in every social joy, A thorn that rankies in the writhing @Sesh, A drop of gall in oaoh domeatio sweet@ An irritat@mg petty misery, That 1 oan never look on one I love And apeak the fulnesa of my burning thoughts r That 1 oan never with unmingled joy Meot a long-Ioved and long-expeoted friend Beoause I feel, but cannot vent my feelings,-Beoause I know I ought, but must not, speak,-Becausé I mark his quiok impatient eye Striving in kindness to antioipate The word of weloome strangled in its @Mrth ? 1 Is it not sorrow, while I truly love Sweet social converse, to be forced to shun The happy circle, from a nervous sense-An agonising poignant consciousness-That I must stand aloof, nor mingle with The wise and good in rational argument, Thé young in brilliant quickness of reply, Friendship's ingenuous intërchango of mind, A@Sëction's open-hearted sympathies ? 1 But feel myself an isolated being, A very wilderness of widowed thought 1 A@U this is ouly sad stern truth nothing morbid here let any poor atammerer testify to my faithfulness. Amongst others a@@micted like myself waa Charles Eingsley, whom 1 kuew well at a time when 1 bad overcome my c~Iamity whereas he carried his to the grave with him though he had frequent gleams of a forced and courageous éloquence, preaching energeti-cally in a somewhat artificial voice,-in private,he stammered much, as once 1 used to do, no doubt'to hig mortification, though bumbly acquiesciug in God's will. Chess is a chief intellectual resource to.the stammerer for therein he oan conquer in argument without the toil of speech, and prove himself practically more eloquent' than the men full of talk whom he so much envies. Accordingly, in days gone by for of late years 1 have given it up, as too toilsome a récréation 1 played often at that royal game. In these times it is no game at all, -but a wearisome if seductive science just as cricket ia an artillery combat now, and football a most perilous conflict, and boating breaks the athlete's heart, and billiards eau only be played by a bar-spot professional, and tronquil whist itself Las developed into a semi-fraudulent system of open raies and secret signs even so the honest common-sense old game of chess bas come to be so encumbered with pub@Ssbed openings and gam-bits and other parasitic growths upon the wholesome house-pJant, that 1 for one have renounced it, as a pur-suit for which life is too ahort and serious give me a farce or a story instead , and one moreover in which any fool well up to crammed book games may crow over thé wisest of men in an easy, because stereotyped, check-mate. Hôwever, in this connection, I recollect a sma@U experience which proves that positive ignorance of@famous openings may sometimes be an advantage just as the skilled fencer will be ba@@Sed by a brave boor rushing in against ru es, and by close encounter unconventionally pinning him straight off. When a youth, just before matriculation, I waa a guest at Culham of the good rector there, a chess-player to.his own thinking indomi-table, for none of the neighbours could checkmate him so he thought to make quick work of a silent but thought-ful boy-stammerer,-by tempting him at an early period of the game to take, seemingiy for nothing but advan-tage, a certain knight his usual dodge, it appeared which would have ensured an ultimate defeat. How-ever, 1 declined the generous offer, whioh began to nettle my opponont but when afterwards 1 refused to answer divers moves by the oard as he protested 1 ought , and @Snally@reducod him to a positive obeokmate, he flew into suoh an unolerical rage that I woùld not play sgain @Ms revenge might be too terrible. For another tri-vial chess anecdote a. very worthy old friend of mine, a rector too, was fond of his game, aud of winning it and 1 remember one evening that his ancient servitor, bringing in the chessboard, whispered to me, Please don't beat him again, sir,-he didn't sleep a wiuk last night acoordingly, after a respectably protracted struggle, some strange oversights were made, aud my reverend host came off conqueror so he was ehabled to sieep happily. 1 remember too playing with pegged pièces in a box-board at so strange a place as outside the. Oxford coach and I think my amiable adversary then waa one Wynell Mayow, who bas since grown into a greàt Ohurch diguitary. If he lives, my compliments to him. One of the best private chess-players 1 used often to encounter,-but almost never to beat, is my old life-friend, Evelyn of Wotton, now the first M. P. for hiè own ancestral Deptford. It was to me a triumph only to puzzle bis shrewdness, to make him think, as 1 used to say,-and if ever through bis oarelessnesa 1 managed a stale, or a draw,-very seldom a mate,-that was glory indeed. If he sees this, his memory will. countersigu it. Let so much suffice, as perhaps a not inappropriate word about the Literary Life's fréquent mental recréa tion, especially. where the player is, likë Moses, not a man of words. One day, by thé by, this text in the original, @o ish devarim anochi Exod. iv. @o , came to my lot in Pusey's Hebrew class, to my special confusion but every tutor was very considerate and favoured the one who couldn't speak, and Mr. Biscoe in partioular used to say when my turn came to read or to anawer,@@Ne?er mind, Mr. Tupper, l'm sure you know it,-pleaso to go on, Mr. So-and-So. This habituai con@udence in my pro. ficiency had the effect of forcing my consciousness to deserve it and it usually happened that I really did know, silently, like Macau!ay'a cunning augur, who knew but might not tell. Speaking of récréation, Izaak Walton's joy as a con-templative man bas been mine from youth as witness these three fishing sonnets, just found in the faded ink of three or four decades ago, whioh may give a gleam of country suushine on a page or two, aud would hâve rejoiced my piscatorial friends Kingsley and Leach in old days, and will not be unacceptable to Attwood Matthews, Cholmondeley Pennell, and the Marstons with their friend Mr. Senior in these. 1 have had various luck as an angler from Stennis Ltike to the Usk, from Eunis-killen to Ei@narney, from Isis to Wotton,-and so it would be a pity if 1 omitted such an authorial charac-teristic especia@Uy as my stammering obliged me to study to be quiet. I. 1 '~Look@ like a@@lliage Qaeen of May.'the atream Dances her best beforo the'holiday sun, And atill, with musical laugh, goes tripping on Over these golden sands, whioh brighter gleam To watoh her pale-green kirtie @Bashing fleet Above them, and'her tirikling silver feëti That ripple mélodies quidk.-yoBt ci@Miiag rise In the oalm re@Suenoe of this gay oasoado Marked an old trout, who shuns the aunny skies, And, nightly prowler, loves the hazel shade Well thrown t-you hold him bravely,-o f ho speeds, Now up, now down,-now madly darts about,-Mitid, mind your @Hne among those flowering roeds,-How the rod bends.-and hail, thotl noble trout t . II. I, 0, thou hast robbed the Nereids, gentle brother, Of some swift fairy messenger behold,-His dappled livery prankt with red and gold Shows him their favourite page just such another Sad Galatoea to her Aois sent To teaoh the new-born fountain how to flow, And traok with loving haste the way she went Down the rough rocks, and throngh the flowery plain, Ev'n to her home where ooral branches grow, And where the sea-nymph clasps her love again We the while, terrible as Polypheme, Brandish the lissom rod, and featly try Once more to throw the tempting treaoherous fly And win a brace of trophies from the stream. @IIL Corne then, ooy Zéphyr, waft my feathered bait Over this rippling shallow'a tiny wave To. yonder pool, whose calmer eddies lave Some Triton's ambush, where he lies in wait To catch my skipping fly there drop it lightly A riae, by Glauousi-but he missed the hook,-Another~-safe 1 the monaroh of the brook, With broadside like a salmon's, gleaming brightiy Off let him race, and waste his proweas there The dread of Damooles, a single hair, Will tax my skill to take thia fine old trout So,-lead him gently quiok, the net, thé net@ Now gladly lift the glittering beauty out, Hued like a dolphin, sweet as violet. CHAPTER VII. PRIZE FOBMS, ETC. IN the course of my Oxford career I tried for two New-digate Prize poems, The Suttees and the African Desert, won respectively by Claughton, now Bishop of St. Albans, and Rickards, whose honours of course 1 ought to know, but don't. A good-looking and well-speaking friend of muie, E. H. Abney, now a Canon, was so certain that thé said prizes in those two successive years were to fall to me, that he learnt my poems by heart in order to récite them as my speeoh-substitute in the Sheldonian Theatre at Commémoration, and he used frequently to look in upon me to be coached in his recital. It was rumoured that I came second on both occasions,-ono of them certaioly had a 2 marked on it when returned to me, but 1 know not who placed it there. However, my pièces were afterwards printed both separately, and among my Ba@nads and Poems, by Hall ahd Virtue, and are now before nie. As an impartial and veteran judge of such K~cM~, 1 am bold to say they are far better than I thought, and might fairly hâve won New-digate. prizes, even as friend Abney Co. were sure they would. At the close of my University career came, of course, the Great Go, which I had to do as I did the Little Go, all pu paper for 1 could not auswer ~ wee. And this rule then, whatever may@be thé case now, prevented me from going.in for honours, though 1 had read for a first, and hoped at least to get a second. Neither of thèse, nor even a third class, was technioally possible, if 1 could not stand a two days' ordeal of @@MM~ voce@ examination, part of the whole week then exacted. However, 1 did all at my best on paper, specially the translations from classic poets in verse whereof I@ll find a specimen anon. The issue of all was that 1 was offered an honorary fourth class,-which I refused, as not willing to appear at the bottom of the Itst of all, alphabetica.Uy,-and so my tutor, Mr. Biscoe, not wish-ing to lose the honour for our collège, managed to get it transferred to auother of his pupils, Mr. Thistle-thwaite@.whose father wrote to thank me for this un-expected though not unmerited luck falling to his son. One short présentable piece of verse-making in the schoola is as below from Virgil there were also three odes of Horace, a chorus from ~Eachylus, and more irom other -Greek and Latin poets. Si@ouian Muses, sing we loftier etrains 1 The humble tamarisk and woodland plains Delight not all if wooda and groves we try, Be@the@groves@wor@Hiyof@a@oonsul's@eye. Told by the Sibyl'a song, thé 'latter time@ ls oome, and dispensations roll sublime In new and glorions ôrder spring again With Virgo oomes, and Satm'n's golden reign. A heavenly band from heaven's bright realm descends, A@U evil ooases, and ail disoord ends. Do thou with favouring eye, Luoina chaste, Regard thé wondrous babe,-his coming haste,-For under him the iron age shall oease, And the vast world rejoice in golden peaoe, c. c. I sélect this bit, famous for being one of the places in Virgil which goes to prove that the Sibylline books to which thé Augustan poets had easy aocess quoted Isaiah's prophecies of Christ and the Millennium. It will be considered that my public versifying was quite extempore, as in fact is common with me. For other college memories in the literary lino, 1 may just men-tion certain brochures or parodies, iuitialed or anony-mous, whereto 1 must now plead guilty for the first time re@necting, amongst other topics, on Mont-gomery's Oxford, St. Mary's theology, Mr. Rickard's African Desert, and Garbet's pronounced and rather absurd sestbeticism as an examiner. Hère are morsels of each in order @@Who praises Oxford ?-some small buzzing thing, Some starveling songster on a tiny wing,-@@N,B.@ They call the inseot Bob, 1 know, 1 heard a printer's devil call it so -So fondly tells @Ma admiration vast No ône can oall the ohaatened strains bombast, Though epitheted substantives immense Claim for eaoh lofty sound the @c@ M'~ sensé, o. @o Next, a bit from my Low Church onslaught on Sf . Mary's in the Hampden case, being part of The Oxford Controversy@@ Though vanquished oft, in falaehood undismayed, Like heretios in flaming vest arrayed Bach angry Don lifta high hia i@~ured head, Or @etanda between the living and the dead.' Still from St. Mary's pulpit eohoes wide Prim , beware'of truth, whate'er betide J Deinde, from deep Charybdis while you ateer Lest damned Sooinus oharm you with @Ms sneer, Watoh above all, so not @Saint@ Thomas spake, Lest upon Calvin, Soyila's rock, you break, o. c. Thèse forgotten trivials, wherein the allusions do not now show clear, are, 1 know, barely excusable even thus curtly but I choose to save a touch or two from annihilation.. Here is another little bit thia time from a somewhat vicious parody on my rival Rickard's. prize poem it is fairest to produce at length first his serious conclusion to the normal flfty-liner, and then my less révèrent imitation of it. Here, then, is the end of Bickard's poem@@ Bright was the doom which snatched her favourite son, Nor came too soon to him whose task was done. Long bùrned his restless spirit to explore That atream whioh eye had never traoked before, Whose course, 'tis said, in Western springs beguu Flows on eternal to the rising sun 1 Though thousand perils seemed to bar @Ma way, And all save him sbrunk baekward in diamay, Still hope prophetie poured the ardent prayer To reaoh that stream, though doomed to perish theret 1 That prayer was heard by Niger's mystio flood One rapturous day the speechloss dreamer stood, Fixt on that stream hia glistening eyes he këpt,-The sun went down,-the wayworn wanderer slept 1 So muoh for the prize-taker thé prize-loser veuted his spleen as thus@@ Bright was the doom that diddipd Mango Park, Yet very palpably obscure and dark. Long burnod his throat, for -want of coming riigh That stream he long'd and pray'd for wistfally, Whose course, 'tis said, that no one can tell where It @Bows eternal guessing isn't fair. Though miles a thousand had he tramp'd along, And a@U, save him, were sure that path was wrong, Still hope prophetio poured the ardent prayer He'd find that stream,-if it waa anywhere@ That prayer was heard, of course, though no one kuows Where this said Niger never @Bowéd, or flows All that is known is, that a dreamer stood In speechless transport by a mystio flood, And after @Bxing on't his glistening eyes, The sun goes down, and so the dreamer dies t For the fourth promised spécimen, the best excuse is that Garbet really did utter the words quotod.-and the answer he received about love is exact, and became famous @@@Didst e'er read Dante '-Never. Cjruel man 1 Take, take him, Williams,-1-1 never can.' @~.j3.-Williams was the other examiner. Garbet went on with a further question nevertheless,-aa he was ajaectediy fond of Italian @@@Doat know the language Iov@ delights in most t If thon doat not, thy charaoter is lost.' @Yes, air t '-thé youth retorts with just surp@nso, @Love's language ia the language of the eyes@@ In thoae daya, as perhaps also in these, like Pope, I spake in numbers, verse being almost-we@U, not 't quite-easier than prose. In fact, some of my oritics hâve heretofore to my disparagoment stumbled on thé printed truth that he ia little be@tMr than atl improvisa-tore in rhyme. And this word rhyme rominds me now of a very curious question 1 raised some years a~ter my Oxford days in more than one magazine article, as to when rhyme was invented, and by whom the con-clusion being that intoning monks found out how easily the cases of Latin nouns and tenses of verbs, c., jingled with each other, aud that troubadours and trouveres carried thus the seeds of song all over Europe in about the ninth century, until which time rhythm was the only recognised form of versification, rhyme having strangely escaped discovery for more than four thousand years. Is it not a marvel and another marvel that no one noticed it before that not one of the old poets, Hebrew, Greek, Latin, and I think Sanscrit, Arabie, and Celtio too, ever except by manifest accident, now intentionally ignored stumbled upou the good idéa of terminating their metrea with rhyme ? 1 Where is there any ode of Horace, or Anacreon,-wbere any psalm of David, any epigram of Martial, any heroic verse of Virgil, or -philosophie argument of Lucretius,-deco-rated, enlivened, and brightened by the now oniy too frequent ornament of rhyme ? 1 1 have just found among my old archived papers, faded by nearly six decades of antiquity, a treatise which I wrote at nineteen, styled by me Il A Vindication of the Wisdom of Soripture in Matters of Natural Science. This bas never seen the light, even in extraits and probably. never can attain to the dignity of print, seeing 'it is written against all compositor law on both sides up and down of a quarto paper book. Therein are treated, from both the scriptural and the scientific points of view, many subjeota, of which these are some Cos-mogony, miracles in chief Joshua's sun and moon , the circulation of thé blood revealed in Eoolesiastes, mag-netiem as mentioned by Job, He spreadeth out thé north over the empty space and hangeth the world upon nothiug, the blood's innate vita!itiy-@which is the life thereof, the earth's centre, or orbit, and inclina-tion, astronomy, spirits, the rainbow, the final con-flagration of our atmosphère to purify the globe, and many other matters terrestrial and celestial. Some day a patient scribe may be found to decipher this decayed manuscript and set out orderly its miscellaneous con-tents. 1 began it at eighteen, and finished it when at Oxford. There is also now before me another faded copybook of my early Christ Church days containing ninety-one striking parallel passages between Horace and Holy Writ some being very remarkable, as Hor. jS' x . i. 8, and Isaiah xliv. 13, c., about making a god of a tree whereof he burneth part also such well-known lines as Quid ait futurum@cras, fuge queerere, and Quis@scib an adjiciant hodiernae crastina summoe Tempera Di superi? -compared with Take no thought for the morrow and Il Boast not thyself of to-morrow for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth. With many more in fact 1 oollected nearly a hundred out of Horace, besides a few from others of the classics. CARLYLE somewhere gives utterance to a truism, which the present scribe at least can most gratefully counter-sign, that it takes a great deal of providence to bring a man to threescore years and ten. Not only are we in peril every time we take breath, both from the action of our own uncertain hearts and from the living germa of poison floating in the air, but from ail sorts of outer accidents so-called, whereas they all are well ordered and sure wherewith our little life is compassed @@om@ cradle to grave in truth, trifles seem to rule ua thé turning this way or that, the casual stopping or hasten-ihg hath saved life. or destroyed it, hath built up or flung down fortunes. Every inch and 'every instant, we are guided and guarded, whether we notice it or not the very haïra of our heads are all numbered. Hère shall follow- soma personal experiences in proof. Nearly seventy years ago 1 knew a small schoolboy of seven who acoidentally@slit his own throat while outting a slato-frame against hia chest with a abarp knifë thëre was a knot in the wood, thé knife alipped upt a pinafore was instantaneously covered with blood-@though the little semisuicide was unobnaciouB of any pain -thereafter his neck was quiokly strapped with diaoulum plaister,-and to this day a slight scar may CHAPTER VIII. SPNDBY PROVIDENOES. bo found on the left side of a. silvery beard t W@M not this @@prpvidential escape@ Again-a lively -little urchin in his holiday recklessness ran his head pell-mell blindly against a certain cannon post in Swallow Paa-sage, leading from Princes Street, Hanover Square, to Oxford Street, and was so damaged as to have been carried home insensible to Burlington Street a little more, thé doctors said, and it would hâve been a caso of concussion of the brain. The post is still there to witness if 1 lie, as Macaulay's Roman ballad bas it,-and hère grown to twice its height, thank heaven 1 am I. Then again, some ten years after, a youth is seen careering on a chestnut horse in Parliament Street, when a runaway butcher's cart cannoned against his shying steed, thé .wheel ripping up a saddle-fiap, just as the rider had instantaneousiy shifted his right leg c!ose to the horse's neek@ But for that providence, death or a crushed knee was imminent. Yet again, after some twenty years more 2Esop Smith was one dark evening creeping up a hill after a hard ride on bis grey mare Brenda, when he was aware of two rough men on ,the tramp before him, one of whom needieasiy crossed over so that they commanded both sides, and soon seemed to be approximating which when ~Esop fortuuately noticed, with a quick spur into Brenda he flashed by thé rascals as they tried to@snatoh@at@his bridle and almost knocked them. over right an~ loft whilst he ga@Upped up the bill @@MIpwed by their ourses was not this an 'osoape worth being thank. fui for@ Once more the same equest@nan has had two peritous dog-cart accidents, npticeable@ for these causes viz. broken ribs, and a crushed, right hand, have proved tQ him experimentally how little pain is felt at the moment of a. wound which will explain thé unconscious heroism of common soldiers in battle very little but weakness through loss of blood is ever felt until wounds stiffen further, a blow 01 the head not.only dazes in the present and stupefies further on, but also completely takes away all memory of a past bad quarter of an hour. At least I remembered nothing of how my worst misadventure happened and only know that 1 crawléd home half stunned by moonlight for three miles, .holding both sides together with my hands to enable me to breathe no wonder,-all my elasticity was gone with broken ribs. Though these two accidents cost me, one tbree months, and the other mùch longer of a partly bedridden helplessness, were they not good providences to make one gratefui ? I write my mental thanksgiving with the same healed broken hand. So muoh of perils by land, by way of sample here are three or four by sea, to match them. Do 1 not remember how a rash voyager was nearly swept off the ~o~slippery@deck@in a storm, when a sudden lurch @nung him to cling to the side rail of a theu uunotted bulwark, swinging him back again by another lurch right over the yawning waves-@Hke an acrobat ? 1 Had 1 let go, no one would have known of that mystery of the sea,-where and when a certain celebrity then expected in America, had disappearéd 1 Captain Judkiti after that always had his bulwarks netted so that waa a good resuit of my escape 1 was the only passenger on deck, a favoured one.-the@captain being on his bridge, two men at thé wheel in thëir covered houso, the stormy wiud all round in a cyclone, and the raging sea beneath,-and so ail unseen 1 had been swept away,-but for good providence. Once again do I not shudderingly recollect how nearly the little Guernsey steamer was ruu over by au American man-of-war in the Channel, because a tipsy cnptain would cross the bows of that d-d Yankee -the huge b.lack prôw positively hung over us,-and it was a miracle that we were not sunk bodily in the mighty waters. What more ? î We@H, 1 will here insert an escaped danger that tells its own tale in a sonnet written at the time, the place being Tenby and the sea-anemone caverns there, accessible only at lowest neap tide. An hour of peril in thé Lydstep caves Down the steep gorge, grotesquely boulder-piled And tempest-worn, as océan hurrying wild Up it in thuuder breaks and vainly raves,-My haste hath sped me to the rippled sand Where, arching deep, o'erhang on either hand These halls of Amphitrite, echoing olear The ceaseless mournfui musio of the waves Ten.thousand beauteous forms of life are here And long I linger, wandering in and out Among the seaflowers, tapestried aboùt A@@Uover@those@wet@waIIs.-A@shout@of@fear! 1 The tide, the tide t-1 turned and ran for life, And battled@stoutly@through that billowy@strifet Perhaps this is enough of suoh hairbreadth 'scapea both by îand and water though 1 might in Amerioa especially mention 'many more. Then there are all manner of the ordinary. maladies of humanity, which 1 pretermit. Carlyle was quite right it @does@ require a good deal of providence to come to old age. BoT there are many other sorts of peril in human lifo to which I may briefly advert, as we ail hâve had aome experiences of the same. Who does not know of his special financial temptation, somo sanguine and .un-. scrupulous speculator urging him from rock to rock across the rapids of ruin, till he is engulfed as by Niagara? Or of the manifestly disinterested and generous capitalist, who gives to some young legatee a junior partner's free arm@ohair, only that he may utilise his moriey and ke6p the house solvent for yet a yoar or two, utterly'unheeding that ere long the gratefnl bénéficiaire must be dragged down with his chief to poverty ? 1 Or, which of@us bas not had expérience of some unjust will, stealing our rights by evil influence 1 Or of the aeemingly luckless accident killing oBF.our intending bénefactor just before that promised codicil ? 1 Or of the ruiuous investment ? Or of the bankrupt Life Assurance ? 1 Or of the unhappy fact of your autograph, a ïnere matter of form, on thé baok bf some dis-honoured bill of one's defaulting friend 1 Yet a@U thèse are providences too,-lessons of life, and parts of our schools and Bchoobnastora. 1 And there are many like social evila besides. Let me dolioateJy touoh one of them. I desire as' an CHAPTEBIX. YET MORE ESOAPES. Ancient, now nearing the close of my career, at least in this the caterpillar and aoon to be chrysalis condition of my being, to give my testimony seriousiy and practically to the tact disputed by too many from their own worse expérience that it is quite possible to live from youth to age in many scenes and under many ciroumstantial di@@mculties, preserving still through them all thé inno-cent purity of childhood. True, the crown of greater knowledge@is@addedto@the Man but although it be a knowledge both of evil and of good, théoretically,-it need not practically be a guilty knowledge. If one of any âge, @otn the youngest to the oldest, has not the power. of self-control perpetually in exercise, and the good mental help of prayer habitually at hand to be relied on, he is in danger, and may fall into ain or even crime, at any hoqr, unless the.Highest Power intervene. But, if the senses are trained to reaist the @~rst inclina-tions to unçhastity, by thé eye that will not look and the ear that will not liston, then the doors of the mind are kept closed against the enemy, and even hot youth is safe. We live in a co-operative cycle of sooiety and amongst other co-operations are ail manner of guilds to encourage, by example, companionship aud thé !i e, divers great virtuea,. and some less important fads and fancies of@the day let@me not be thought to disparage any gatherings for prayer, or temperance, or purity though iridividual strong men@may@not need such con-gregated help as the weaker brothren yearn for. Many a vétéran now, changed to good morals from a looaer life in the past, may wëll hope to serve both God and man by preaohing purity to the young men around, by vowing them to a white ribbon guild, and giving them the décoration of an ivory cross. But he is apt to forget what young blood is, his own having cooled down apace anon he will find that Nature is not so easily drivon back -M~gMS ~ecMt~-and he will soon have to acknow-ledge that if the higher and deeper in@nuences of per-sonal religion, earnest prayer, honest watchfulness, and sincere-though it be but incipient-love of God and désire to imitate Christ, are not chief motives towards the purification of human passion, this brotherhood of a guild may tend to little exeept self-righteousness, and it will be well if hypocrisy and secret sin does not ac-company that open boastfulness of a Wbite Cross Order. After all said and done, a man-or -woman-or precocious child-must simply take the rules of Christ and Paul, and Solomon, as his guide and guard, by Resisting, FIeeing, Cutting off-metaphorically-the right hand, and putting out the right eye so letting Il dis-cretion preserve him and understanding keep him but there is nothing like @night it is easy and speedy, and more a courage than a cowardico. Take a simple instance~ Some forty years ago, an author, well-known in both hémi-spheres, then living in London, received by post a pink and scented note irom an American Lady, a great ad-mirer of bis books, c. c. would@he@favour~er@by@a call at such an hotel, in such a square@ Much flattered he went, and was very gushingly received but when the lady, probably not an American though comely enough to be one , after a profusion of compliments went on to complain of a husband having deeerted her, and to throw herself not without tears on thé kindness of her favourita, author, that iridividual though@~it woutd be prudent to depart, and so promptly romembering another engage ment@he topk up his hat and-@Hed. He had afterwards reason to be thankful for this escape, as for others. @I, j~c ~M~e as no doubt you have done, acd you will do, for there are.many Potipheras ay, and there exist some Josephs too. Other fbrms of evil in the way of heterodoxy and heresy have assailed your confessor, as is the common case with most other people, whether authors or not. The rashest Atheism or more cowardly Agnosticism are rampant monsters, but have only affected my own spirit into forcing me to think out and to publish my Essay on Probabilities, whereof I shall speak further when my books come under review. But beyond these open foes to one's faith, who bas not met with zealous en-thusiasts who urge upon his acceptance under penalty of the worst fur all eternity if refused, any amount of strange isms,-Plymouth, Southcote, Swedenborg, Irving, Mormon,-and of the other 272 sects which a@Sect perhaps more truly infect religion in this free land ? 1 hâve had many of these attacking me by word or letter on the excuse of my books. Who, if he once weakiy gives way to their urgent advice to searoh and see for himself, will not soon@be addied and muddled by all sorts of sophisticaland controversial botherations, if even he.is not tempted to accept-for lucre if not godliuess-the office. of bishop, or apostle@ or prophet, or anything eise too ft'eely offered by zealots to now couverts, if of notoriety enough to exalt or enrich a sect such sect in every case proolaiming itself the one only true Church, all other sects being nothing but impostors 1 We have all enoountered suoh spiritual périls,@and happy may we feel that with whatever faults and @@il@mgs, there is an orthodox and eatablished form of religion amongst us in the land. For my own part, 1 go freely to any house of prayer, national or noncon@ rmist, where thé Gospel is preached and the preacber is capable all 1 want is a good man for the good word and work-and if he haa the true Spirit in him, 1 care next to nothing fur his ordera though to many less independent minds human authorisation may be a neceasity. From cradie hymns to the more serioua pcayinga of senility, my own religion in two worda is cryatallised as Abba, Father my only priest being my Divine Brother and my Friénd and Guide through this life and beyond it the Holy Spirit, who unités all the family of God. May 1 die, as I hâve lived, in this -simple faith of childhood. My Probabilities bas, amongst others apposite, this sentence about the origin of evil, and the@usefulness of temptation To our understanding, at Jeàst, there was no possible method of illustrating the amiabilities of Goodness and thé contrivances of Wisdom but by the infused permission of some physical and moral évita meroy, benevolenee, design would in a univerae of Best have nothihg to do that universe itself would grow stagnant, as inéapable of progress and thé principal record of God's excellences, the book of redemption, -would@have@been@unwritten. Is@not then the@oxiatonce of evil juati@ned in reason's calculation@ and was not such existence an antecedent probability ? CHAPTER X. FADS AND FANOIES. br a recent page I hâve a@Uuded to suudry fads and fancies of the day, some of greater and others of lesser import, and I have been mixed up in two or three of them. For example -as an undergraduate at Oxford I starved myself in the matter. of sugar, by way tif somehow discouraging the alave-trade I don't know that oither Coesar or Pompey was any the better for my small sel@~sacri@nce but as a ttifling faat, 1 may men-tion that I then followed some ôf the more straitlaced fashiona of Clapham. Aiso, when in lodgings after my degree, 1 resolved to leave off meat, bought an immense Cheshire cheese, and, after two montha of part-conaump-tion thereof, Tedacod my native strength to such utter weakness as quite to endanger hoalth. So 1 had tô relapse into the old oarnality of mutton chops, like other folk such extrême virtue@doesn't@pay. Of course abstinence from a I stimulaut has@had@its hold. on me heretofore, as it bas upon many othors,-bnt,.aft er a persistent six months of only water, my nerve power was so exhausted I was working hard at the@time as editor of Thé Anglo-Saxon, a long extinct magazine that my wise doctor enjoihed wine and whisky-of course in modération and so my @ûuttering heatt aoon recovered, and 1 have been well ever s@umo. Now about temperanee, let me say thus mucli. Of course, 1 must approve the modern very philanthropie movement, but only in its rational aspect of moderation. In my youth, thé pendulum swung towards excess, now its reaction being exactly opposite both extremes to my miud are wrong. And hère let me state @valeat quantum@ that 1 never exceeded in liquor but once in my life that once serving afterwards as a valuable life lesson all through the wine-parties of Christ Church, the abounding hospitalities of America, both North and South, through two long visits-and the genialities of our own Great Britain during my several Reading Tours. If it had not been for that three days' frightful headaohe when I was a youth in that sense a good providence , 1 could not haye escaped so many generous hosts and seductive beverages. That one departure from sobriety happened thus. My uncle, Colonel Selwyn, just returned from his nine years' command at Graham's Town, South Africa, gave a grand dinner at thé Opera Colonnade. te his friends and relatives, resolved according to thé fashion of the time to fill them. all to the full with generous Bacchus by obligatory toasts, he himself pre-tending to prefer his own bottle of brown sherry,-in fact, dishonest toast and water but that sort of prac-tieal joke vas also a fashion of the day. Thé result, of course, was what be desired everybody but himself had too muoh, whilat his mean sobriety, cruel uncle! 1 enjoyed the calm superiority of temperance over tipsi-ness. However, thé lesson to me though nover intended aa such was most timely,-just as 1 was entering life to bo forewarnod by having~beon for oniy that once overtaken. 1 hâve ever sinco been thankful for it as a merpy and few have boen s@@ô~Yoûred how many oan truly say, only that once ? 1 But I pass on, having a great deal more to write about temperance. On my @nrst visit to America in 1851, all that mighty people indulged freely in strong drinks of the strangest names and most delicious @navours on my second in 1876,-just a quarter of a century after,-there was almost nothing to be got but iced water. Accordingly when I was at Charleston I took up my parable,-and spoke through a local paper as fbilowa 1 fear the extract is somewhat lengthy, but as an exhaustive argument and thé pièce, moreover, being unprinted in any of my books , 1 choose to give it hère in @@MI, to be skipped if the reader pleases. It is introduced thus by an editor@@ In these days of extrême abstinence from wine and spirits, it is refreshing to see what the strong common-sense of an eminent moral philosopher bas to say about temperance. We make, then, a longish extract, well-nigh exhaustive of the subject, whieh occnrs in a lecture, entitled 'America Reviaited-ï8sî and 1877,' from the pen of Martin Tupper, exp!aining itself. The author introduces his poetio essay thus @@Since my former visit to the States twenty-five years ago, few changes are more remarkable than that in thé drinking habits of the people formerly it was ail for spirituous liquors, and now it is Water, water eyërywhere, and every drop to@drink@ The bars are well-nigh deserted, and the entrance-halls of most houses are ostentatiously fur-nished with plated beakers and goblots ensuring an icy wolcome in fact, not to be tedtous, intempérance has changed front, and exoesa @M water bas taken the place of@oxcessin@wine.@ To @n@Bng@Hshman'@BJudgment@the truo part of@HamIet in a @@@Mt ia the more generous @nuid, and the.greatest l~M~~ar ~MmpIy Barmeoidal G , ~ G ~I' !I ~7'0 without some wholesome stimulant to wash them down accordingly, my too outspoken honesty protested thus in print against this form of folly in extremes, nnd either pleased or offended, as friends or foes might choose to take it. Tempérance ? Yes t true Temperance, yes 1-Moderation in all thinga, the word is express @Nothing too muoh '-Greek, @Meden Agan So spake Cleobnius, the Seventh Wise Man And the grand @golden mean@ was shrewd Horaoe's law, And Solomon's self laid it down for a saw That @good overmuch@ is a possible fault, As méat over-salted is worse for the sait And Chilo, the Stagyrite, Peter, and Paul, Enjoin moderation in all things to all The law to make better this trial-scene, earth, And draw out its strongest of wisdom and worth, By sagely suppressing each evil excess-In feasting, of course, but in fasting no less-In drinking-by all moana let no one got drunk-In eating, let none be a gluttonous monk, But everyone feed as becometh a saint, With grateful indulging and wholesome restraint, Not pampering self, as an epioure might@ Nor famishing self, the asoetio's delight. But man ever has been, and will be, it seems, Given up to intemperanoe, prone to extrêmes The wish of his heart it bas aiwaya been suoh Is, give me by all means of all things too muoh 1 In pleasures and honours, in méats, and in drinks, He oraves for thé most that hig ooveting thinks To wallow in sensual Luoullus's sty, Or stand like thé starving Stylités on high, To be free from ail ohurohes and worship alone, Or ohain'd to thé feet of a priest on a throne, To be rich as a Rothschild, and doyens beside, Or pbor a@@s@@ Francis in ail things but pride , With appetite starved as a Faquir's, poor wretch 1 Or appetite fattened to luxury's stretch Denounoing good meats, on lentils he fares, Denounoing'good wine, by water he swears-In all things excessive his folly withstands The wise moderation that Scripture oommands. This vice of exoess is no foi@He of mine, Though liking and needing a glass of good wine, To help the digestion, to quioken the heart, And loosen the tongue for its eloquent part, But never once yielding one jot to exoess, Nor weakiy consenting the least to transgress. For let no intolérant bigot pretend My Tempérance Muse would excuse or défend, As Martial or tipsy Anaoreon might, An prgy of Bacchus, the drunkard's delight No@ rational use is the sermon l'm preaching, Esohewing abuse as the text of my teaohing. Old Pindar says slyly, that @Water is best ' When pure as Bandusia, this may be confeat. But water so often is troubled with fieas And queer little monsters the microscope sees Is sometimes so muddy, and sometimes so mixt With poisons and gases, both flxt and un@nxt, And seoms so connected with juvenile pills-A thought whioh the mind with unpieasantness fills-That really one asks, Is it safe to imbibe So freely the live animaloula tribe, Unkilled and unoooked with a little wine sauce Poured in, or of whisky. or brandy a tosa-And gulp a cold draught of the oolio, instead Of somethiùg to warm both thé heart and the head g That Jotham-@arst-fable, the bramble and vine, Piles up to a olimax the praise of good wine i For in Judges we read-look it up, as you oan-@It oheereth the heart, both of God and of@man@, And everywhere lightness, and brightneas, and heaith, Gi!d the true tempérance texts with their wealth, Giving strong drink to the ready to periah, And@heavy-heartedness@joyingto@cheriah. What is wanted-and let some Good Templar invent it, Damaging drunkenness, nigh to prevent it, Is a drink that is nioe, warm, pleasant, and pale, Delioious as @cakes,' and seductive as @ale,' Like@'ginger that's hot in the mouth'@and@won't hurt you, As old Fa~staff winks it, in spite of your virtue A temperate stimulant cup, to displace Pipes, hasheesh, and opium, and all that bad race Cheap as pure water and free as fresh air-Oh, where shall we find such a beverage-whero 1 No wine for the pure or the wise-so some te@Mh-Abstinence utter for all and for each, Total denial of every right use, Because some bad fools the good creature abuse 1 As well might one vow not to warm at a tire, Nor give thé least rein to a lawful desire, Because some have reoklesaly burnt down their houses, Because the rpgue oheats, or the reveller oarouses t 1 see not the logic, the rational logio, Conolusive to. me, çohèrent and pogio, That since some poor sot in his folly exceeds, 1 muât starve out my likings, and stint out my needs. Am 1 @tkat@ brother's keeper@ He is not an Abel, Is strange to my roof, and no guest at my table 1 know not hie mates, we are not near eaoh other, He swi!Is in the pothouse, that dissolute brother t-But thero's your example?-Thé drunkards oan't see@it, And if they are told of it, soorn it and @Bée it Example ?-Your ohiidron 1-No doubt it is right To be to thein always a law and a light But moderate temperance is the wise way To form them, and hinder their going astray Whereas utter abstinence proves itself vain@ And drunkards @nare up because good men abstain. The law of réaction is stringent and strong, A youth in e~~MtM is sure to gq wrong, For the pendulum swings with a multiplied force When sloped from ita even legitimate course. 1 have known-who has not 1-that a profligate son Has been through his fanatic father undone ¡ Restrained till the night of free licence arrives, And then he breaks out to the wreck of two lives 1 A fierce water-fever just now is red-hot ¡ Drink water, or perish, thou slave and thou sot 1 Drink water alone, and drink more,,and drink muoh-But, liquors or wines ? Not a taste, nbt .a touch 1 Yet, is not this @@ver a fervour of thrift ?' It is wine you denounoe, but ita cost is your drift ¡ Thé times are so hard and the wines are so bad For good at low priées are not to be had ,. That forthwith society shrewdly shouts high For water alone, thé whole abstinence ory 1 And, somehow supposed suggestive of heaven, The oup of cold water is generoualy given, But a glass of good wine is an obsolete thing, And will be till trade is once more in full swing 1 1 hint not hypoorisy many are true, They preaoh what they practise, they say-and they do, And used from their boyhood to only cold water, Enjoin nothing botter on wife, son, aud daughter ¡ But autely@with some it is meroly for thrift, That they eut 08' thé wine, and with water make shift, Although they profess the solf-saori@noe made A@adread@Of intemperance makes them afraid. And so, like a helmaman too quiok with his tiller, Esbhowing OharyMie. they steer upon Soyila, To perish of utter intemperânoe-Yes t Thé victime of@wa@~r@oonsumed@to@exce@M. To conolude The @nrst miraole, wonder Divine, Wasn't wine ohanged to water, but water to wine, That wine of the Kingdom, the water of life Transmuted, with every new excellence rife, The wine to make glad both body and soul, To oheer up the Bad, and make the siok whole. And when the Redeemer vas seen among men, He drank with the sinners and publioans then, Exemplar of Tempérance, yea, to the sot, In use of good wine, but abusing it not 1 We dare not pretend to do better than He But follow the Master, as servants made free To touch, taste, and handle, to use@ not abuse, A@U good to reçoive, but ail ill to refuse 1 It is thus thé true Ch@nstian with temperanoe lives, Giving @od thanks for the wine that He gives. 1 once heard Mr. Gough, the temperance lecturer it was at thé Brooklyn Co@Mert Hall in 1877. A hand-some and éloquent man, his life is well known, and tbat his domestic expériences have made him the good apostle he is. 1 remember how well he turned on' the argument against himself as to the miracle of the marriage-feast in Cana of Galilee Yes, certain@@e drink as much wine made of water as you can. It was a witty quip, but is no reply to that miracle of hospitality. @~?'op@@M,-I do not know whether or not the following anecdote can be fathered on Mr. Gough, but it is too good to be lost, especially as it bears upon thé fate of a poor old frieud of mine in past days who was fatally a victim to total abstinence. The story goea that a teetotal lecturer, in order to give his audience ocular prdof of the poisonous ohataoter of alcohol, first magnifies the bo@Kible denizecs of stagnant water by his microscope, and then triumph-antly kills thom a@U by a drop or two of brandy t As if this did not prove the wholosomoness of eûM~ de vie@ in such cases. If, for example, my poor friend above, the eminent Dr. Hodgkin of Bedford Square, had followed his companion's example, the still more eminent Moses Montefiore, by mixing water far too full of life with the brandy that killed them for him, he would not have died miserably in Palestine, eaten of worms as Herod was 1 Another such instance I may here mention. When I visited the cemetery of Savannah, Florida, in company with an American cousin, I noticed it graven on the marble slab of a relation of ours, a Confederate o@@mcer, to the effect that he died faithful to his temperance principles, refusing to the last the alcohol wherewith the doctor wanted to have saved his life@ Such obstinate teetotalism, I said at the time, is criminally suicidai. Whereat my lady cousin was horrified, for she regarded her brother as a martyr.. I cannot help quoting here part of a letter just re-coived from an excellent young clergyman, who had been reading my Tempérance, quite. to thé point. After some compliments he says, I need scarcely.say I entirely agree with the scope and arguments of this vigorous poem. Nothing is more clear, and increasingly so, to my own perception than the terrible tendenoy of mode@m human nature to run into extrêmes quoting some lines . Your reference to @thrift@ is especially true. 1 have often smiled at thé pious fervour with which the heads of large families with small incomes have embraoed teetotalism 1 1 have long thought that the motto @@@M vino ~~ M oontains in it far more of t'Mt~M than is dreamt of in most people's philosophy, and that the age of rampant. total abstinence is the, age of special falseness. Of course, the evils of drunkenness càn scaroely be oxaggerated,-and yet they can bo'and are so when they are spoken of as equal to the evils of dishonesty thé former is indeed brutal, but the latter is deviliah, aud far more effectually destroys the soûls of men than the former. Nevertheless in our poor money-grubbing land, the creeping paralysis of@tricks of trade, c., is thought little of and the shopman who bas just sold a third-rate articJe for a @Rrst-class price goes home with respectable aelf-oomplaoency and glances with holy horror at the man who reela past him in the street. I desire to say this with reverence and caution. For we all need the restraining influences of the @Meaaed Spirit of God, as well as thé atonement and example of His dear Son. But when we see the present tendency to anathematise open profligacy, and to ignore thé hid-den Pharisaism the very opposite to our Lord's own course , and the subtle lying of the day, it seems as if those who ponder sadly over it ought to speak out. Doubtiess~ there are many more fads and fanciea, many other sorts of perils and trials that might be apoken of as an author's or -any other man's expé-riences but 1 will pass on. SACRA POESIS AND GERALDINE. Wrrn the exception of Rougb Rhymes, my first Con-tinental Journal as afbreaaid, and a song or two, and a few juvenile poems, my @nrst appearance in print, the creator of a real bound volume though of the sma@Hest size was as author of a booklet called Sacra Poeaia eonsisttDg of seventy-@Rve little poems illustrative of. eugravinga or drawiugs of sacred subjects, and intended to accompany a sort of pious album which 1 wiahed to give to my then future wife. Must of it was composed in my teens, though it found no technical compositor of a p@nnting sort until I was twenty-two in 1832 , when Nisbet published the pretty @ittle 24.mp, with a picture by myself of Hope's Anchor on the title. The booklet is now very rare, and a hundred years hencë may be a treaaure to aome bibliomtniae. Of it@ con-tenta, apeaking@crttica@Uy of what 1 wrote betweén fifty and Bixty years ago, some. of the pièces hâve ndt been equalled by me since, and are s~I@I to be found among my Miscëîtaneous Poème but@ many are feeble. and faulty. Some of thé jeviews before me reoeivad the new poetaster with kindty appreciation some with sneers and due diepatageniont,-much @M Byron's Houra of Idleness had been trëated not vèry many yeara befbro though anothor causé for hatred and oontëmpt may hâve CHAPTER XI. operated in my case, namely this Ever since youth and now to my old age I have been exposed to the @odium theologicum@, the strife always raging between Protes-tant and Papist, Low Church and Higb, Waldo and Dominic, Ulster and Connaught hence to this hour the frequent rancour against me and my writings excited by sundry hostile partisans. My next volume waa Geraldine aud other Poems, published by Joseph Rickerby in 1838. Thé origin thereof was this,-as I now extract it from my earliest literary notebook@@ In August 1838 1 was at Dover, and from a library read for the @nrst time Coleridge's Christabel it@was the original edition, before the author's afterward im-provements. Being much taken with the poem, the thought struck me to continue it to a probable issue, espeeially as 1 wanted a leading subject for a new volume of miscellaneous verse. The notion was barren till 1 got to Herne Bay a fortnight after, and then I put peh to paper and @nniabed the tale. It occupied me about eight days, an innocent fact which divers dull Zoili have been much offended withal, seeing that Coleridge had thought proper to bring out hia two Parta at a sixteen years' interval a matter doubtiess attributable either to accident or indolence,-for to imagine that he was diligently polishing his verses the whole time as some @Mockheads will have it would indeed ba a veri@acation ofthejpoM MnM~ monte8 theory. Thé @@c.tia, these things are done at a heat, as every poet knows. Pegaaus. ia a racer, hot a oart-horse Euterpe trips it like thé hare, while dogged oritioism is the tortoise, o. The book had a fair sucoesa, both here and in Amerioa, aud bas been many times reprinted. Critiques of course were various, for and against the shuttlecock of fame re-quires con@nicting battledores .but, as I now again quote from that early notebook, It is amusing to notice, and instructive also to any young author.who may chance to see this, how thoroughly opposite many of the reviews are, some extolling what others vilify it just tends to keep a sensible man of his own opinion, unmoved by such seemingly unreasonable praise or censure. When Coleridge @nrst published Christabel intrinsically a most melodious and sweet performance it was positively hooted by the critics see in particular the @Edinburgh Review@. Coleridge left behind him a very mueh im-proved and enlarged version of thé poem, which I did not soe till years after I had written the sequel to it my Geraldine was composed for an addition to.Chiista-bel, as originally issued. Another note of mine, in reply to a critio of @7 e Atlas@, runs thus Nobody who bas not tried it can imagine the difficulties of intellectual imitation it is to think with another's mind, to speak with another's tongue I acknowledge freely that 1 never was satis@ned. with Geraldine as a mère continuation of a story, but as an independent poem, I will yet be the champion of my child, and think with The jB'c~c~o that 1 hâve succeeded as well as possible as honest Pickwick says, @And let my enemies make thé most of, it.' At this time of day. it is not worth my while by any modern replies to attempt to quenoh such long extinot voloanoea as 'Thé Oonserva-tive' and @The Toroh,' nor to reproduoo sundry glorifica-tions of the new poet and his verseB .from many other notices, long or short, duly pasted down for future générations in my Arohive-book. As to oritioal verdicts in this case, black and white are not more contradictory @e.g.@, let ~B~M~coo~ be contrasted with the 3~ M~~y ~e~M'w, or thé @C~~rcA of England Quarterly@ with the W~e~~ ~MC Sun, C. C. It is a pity at least thé author of sold-out volumes may be forgiven for the sentiment that most of my books are not to be bought they are not in the market and are only purchaeable at old-literature stores, such as Reevea' or Bickers' some day, 1 hope to find a pub-lisher spirited enough to risk money in a ten-volumed Edition of my Prose and Poetry complete, c. but in the past and present, the subscription System per Mudie and Smith, buying up whole editions at cost price whereby to satiate the reading public, starves at once both author and publisher, and makes impossible these expensive crown octavo editions, which no gentleman'a library ought to be without. Some of thé best smaller pieces in my Geraldine and other Poems will be found in Galt Ing@Us's Miscellaneous Tupper before mentioned but my two Oxford Prize Poems, The African Desert and The Suttees, are printed only in the Geraldirie volume. Anecdotes innumerable 1 could tell, if any cared to hear them, connected with each of my books, as friends or foes hâve .commented upon me and mine in either liemisphere. In this place 1 cannot heJp recording one, as it led to fortunate results. In 1839 1 was travelling outside the Oxford coach to Aima Mater, and a gentle-man, arrayed as for an arohery party with bow and quiver, climbed up at Windsor for a seat beside me. Hé seemed very joyous and excited, and broke out to me with this stanza,-Thero,-isn't that oharming he said,-Iittle aware of whom he asked the amiable query. But when I went on-with the second verse, he opened his eyes wider and wider as I added Of course, discovery of the author was unavoidable so we collided and coalesced, and 1 rejoiced to find in this Aogel unaware no less a celebrity than John Hughes of Donnington Priory, father of the @aCUl greater celebrity then a youth Tom Hughes of Rugby and Tom Brown's Sohootdays. Some time after 1 spent several pleasant days at his fine old'place in Berks, and made happy acquaintance with the brighteat old lady I ever met, his mother, who had known Burns and Byron and Scott as also with his pleasant good wife and her clever sons, one of whom, in the r!poness of time, married a then oharming little gir!, the heiress-ward of my hbst, and since welt appreciated in sooiety as a@~ratK~ M!M wife also to oue famous for.a Rugby How fair and fresh is morn t The dowbeada dropping bright Each humble flower adorn, With coronets bedight, And jewel the rough tho@m With tiny globes of light,-How beautiful is morn t Her soattered gema how bright 1 Thore ia a quiet gladness On the waking earth, Like the face of sadnesa Lit with chastened mirth There is a mine of treasure In those hours of health. Filling up the measure Of oreation's weaith! in both hemispheres, for rifledom, the White Horse of Wilts, and now full-@~edged county judgeship. Thèse excellent friendships survive many long years and will be transplanted elsewhere hereafter. AIl this grew from a casual encounter outside a coach but such is life what we call accidents are all providences, and we are guided inch by inch and minute by minute. Tom Hughes succeeded as a county judge in Yorkshire my old schoolfellow, St. John Yates, mentioned on a recent page in connection with Andrew Irvine's turkeycock irascibility. Watoh@iittio providences if indeed Or less there be, or greater, in the sight Of Him who gove@ms ail by day and night, And sees the forest hidden in the seed Of all that happens take thou reverent heed, For seen in true Religion's happier light Though not unknown of Re@Mon's plaoid creed A@U things are ordered ail by orbits move, Having precarsors, satellites, and signa, Whereby the mind not doubtfully divines What is the will of Him who rules above, And takes for guidance those paternal hints That all is well, that thou art led by Love, And in thy travel traokest old footprints. CHAPTER XII. PROVERBIAL PHILOSOPHY. AND this may well be a fitting place wherein to record the origin@ progress, and after long years the full com-pletion of what is manifestly my chief authorial work in life, Proverbial Philosophy. To ensure aecuracy, and not leave all the details to oftentimes unfaithfui memory, 1 will give a few extracts from a brief ac-count of the book, set down in 1838, at the beginning of Volume I. of My Literary Reirloom, now grown to many volumes, containing newspaper cuttings, anec-dotes, and lette@m and scraps of ail sorts ielating to my numerous works. In the year 1828, when under Mr. Holt's roof at Albùry anno oetatis meae 18 , 1 bethought myself, for thé spécial use and behoof of my cousin Isabelle, who seven years after became my wife, that 1 wduld tran-scribe my notions on the holy estate of matrimony a letter was too light, and a formai éssay@too@heavy, and 1 didn't care to versiiy.my thoùghts, so 1 resôlved tocon-vey@them@in@tho manner of Solomon'a Proverbs or the 'Wisdom'.ôf Jésus thé Son of Sirach and 1 did so,-suooessively, in thé Articles @Ërst on Marriage, then -Love, then Friendship, and fourthly on Education 1 severàl ôther pièces growing àftërwards. Whiist at Albut'y, my cousin showed some. of these to our reotor, Hugh M'Neile, who warmly praised them, and recom-mended their publication but, regarding them as pri-vate and personal, 1 would not hear of it, and in fact ib was nine years before they saw print thus literally, though 1 meant it not then, exemplifying the Horatian advice, 'nonumque premantur in annum.' However, one day in August tS~S, Mr. Stebbing, whose chapel@ in the, Hampstead Road 1 used to attend when @Hying at Gothio Cottage, Regent's Park, in my first yea.fs of marriage, visiting me and urging me to write something for thé ~AeM BM~, which he was then editing, I wns induced to show him these earliest essays but 1 de-clined to @give@ tbem to him, whereat he was angered i perbaps the rather in that 1 objected to piecemeal pub-lication, possibly also castiog some reproach as the fashion of the day then was upon magazine and jour-nalistic literature genera@Uy. That 1 made an enemy of him was evidenced by a apiteful little notice in the ~ AetMMtm of April sist three months after my @ôrst séries was pu@Mished stating that it was @a book not likely to please beyond the circle of a. few minds as eccentrio as the author'a.' The same false friend ex-cluded me altogethér from any notice in thé .SccMM.tM~' wherein he had some literary influence. To thia day these reviews hâve been my foes, which 1 regret. Sti@D, Mr. Stobbing did me aubstantial good ho praised the idea as @new, because a resuscitation of what was very old@@.and aa of my own origination in these latter days, and aa a good vehicio for thoughts on many matters and ho promised hi@avaluable assistance to a young author's @@me,@performing as above. So, after a. last interview with him a.t hig house, wherein I oon-olusively refused him, 1 wrote my Preface at once, jotting down as 1 recollect at the streot corner post opposite Hampstead Road Ohapel on the back of an old letter my opening paragraph,-@@Thoughts that have ta-rried in my mind, and peopled ita inner chambers,' c., c. Il In ten weeks from that day 1 had my firet séries ready.-supposing it then ail I should ever write -the same assurance of a final end having been my délusion at the close of eaoh of my four séries. My @nrst pub-Iisher was Rickerby of Abchurch Lane, who produced a beautifu@Uy printed small folio volume with ornamental initiais, and now very scarce it came to a second édition, but brought me no money.-and the third edition Mailing to sell, it was in great part sont to America where N. P. Wi@Uis finding a copy, fancied the book that of@some forgotten author of the Elizabethah era, and quoted it week after week in a periodical of his, @The Home Journal@, as such years afterwards, when he. met me in London, he was scared to find that one whom he had thought dead three hundred years was still alive and juvenile and ruddy. It might be thought indelicate in me to quote at length thé many pleasant greetihgs of thé press to my @nrst odd volumes su@@mce it to say, that the kind critios were with few exceptions unanimous in commendation ¡ and some great names, as Heraud, Leigh Hunt, and St. John particularly @@voured@me,-the latter prophesyiug a tenth édition but 1 must still condescend to pick out at the end of this paper a iew of the plums of praise wherewith my ëarly publication was indulged, if ooly to please the numerous admirers of my chief ''hfework.' One comfbrt is that'no one of my roviewers a l my life through bas ever been bought or rewardod. 'As to thé H less fulsome style of criticism, I waa supposed by the @~pe@@@@o~~ to have @written in hexameters,@@as if David or Solomon had ever imitated Homer or some more ancient predecessor of his and thé @~MM. fancied that 1 had @cullèd from Erasmus, Bacon, Franklin, and Saavedra,' whereas I was totally ignorant of their wis-doms Saavedra I have since learned is Cervantes. The @Sunday 2VMMS@ finds @Proverbial Philosophy@ @very like Dodsley's Economy of@Hùman Life,@@ but I may say 1 never saw that neat little book of maxims till my brother Dan gave it to me fourteen years after my Philosophy was public property I am also by this c@ntio supposed tô have @imitated the Galistan or Bostan of Saadi,@ whereof I need not profess my total ignorance how-ever, the writer kindly says of me, 'if he fail to make himself heard, the fault will be rather in the public than in him.' Thé JMe~opoK~OMt propounds that @a book like this would make a man's fortune in the East, but we are afraid that ph@Upsophy in proverbs has no gréât chance in the West we should recommend the author to get it translated into Arabie.@ I have since heard that some of it has been. Let thia be enoùgh aa to those first fruits of criticism, whioh might be éxtended to satiety but 1 decline to become inebriated@with the exuberance of my own verbosity, as Beaconsfield hàa it about Gladstone. To carry on the story of my old book, its second series was due to Harrison Aicsworth, at ail events instrumectally. For, just as he was estab@Ushing his special magazine, he asked me to help him with a con-tribution in the stylé of that ~then now popularity, my ProYorbs. This I sturdtty@deolined for in my young dnys, it was thought urigentlëmanlike to write in magazines, though dukes, archbishops, and premiers do so now even authorship for money was thought vulgar but, when there greeted me at home a parcel of well-bound books as a gift from the author, being all that were then extant pf Ainsworth's, was so taken aback by his kindly munificence that 1 somewhat penitentially responded thereto by an impromptu chap-ter on Gifts, wherewith I made the quarrel up and he was de@Hghted one or two others fo@Uowing. How-ever, I was too quick and too impatient to wait for piecemeal publication month by month,-seeiug I soon had my second séries rëady and so, loaving Rickerby. as an unfruitful publisher thougb, as will soon appear, he prdduced other books for me 1 went to Hatchards with whom 1 had a long and prosperous career-receiving aunually from ~500 to ~'8oo a year, and in the aggregate having benefited both them and myself-for we shared equally-by something like ~'ib,ooo a piece. But in the course of@time, the old grandfather and the father of the house, excellent men both, went severally to the Botter Land, and 1 had published other books elséwhere, as 'will be seen. anon and, àmougst pther things, Mr. Bertrand Payne, who represented the respectable poetic house of Moxon, desired to inolude me in his Beàuties of thé Poets, and in order to that, having previously obtained liceuse both from me and Messrs. Hall Virtuë to sélect spécimens of my lyrics for his volume, askëd me to let him add a few bits of Proverbial to this 1 willingly assented, but found myself repulsed by thé temporary@chief at Hatchurds'-Iately a subordinate-r with a direct refusai to permit any portion of my book, of which they had a three years' lease then nearly oùt, to be included in thé spécimen volume until@ thé wholë remaiuder copies were sold off. Mr. Payne on that immediatcly bought all they had, writing a cheque of ~900 in payaient down,-whereof 1 got one-half, as 1 should have done if sold at Hatchards'. I then of course went equitably over to Moxon's.-and not long after published my third series with that house, at Mr. Payne's suggestion and soliûitation it was not a financial success, auy more than others in that quarter l'ut I was paid by having my later thoughts on topics of@the day so handsomely published at@no coat of mine. The house of Moxon having its reverses,-and a fourth and final series of Proverbial Philosophy having grown up meanwhile, I concluded to go to Ward Lock, that my four series might for wider circulation be all included in one cheap volume, beautifully got up, and with them I have since had some small success for though the royalty is only about a penny a volume, the numbers lioensed have been an edition of 20,000 succeeded in thé course.of years by another of 30,000 . and I still leave the book with them so far as that cheap issue is concerned. As, however, I desired to meet the wish of many friends and others of the public who often asked for a handsomer form, sùggesting a reproduction of Hatchards' quarto, with additional illustrations for the new matter, 1 applied to Cassell, and made arrangements to hâve the whole four séries issued piecemeal in weekly or monthly parts, so-as to meet as Oasse@lFs manager suggested a certain demand from the middie and artisan class seeing-that the aristooracy and gentry had bought the whole volume so freely, but.aixpenny parts in a wider field might bring on a new saïe. @@did not then 'know that Casaell's had numerous sériais aiready on hand, and that many of them were unremunerative and so I was a little surprised and vexed to find that my book was after all to appear as a whole and not in numbers, and that at a higher price, half-a-guinea, in these cheap times quite prohibitive. I protested vainly as to this as 1 did also at the unaatisfaotory charactor of the illustrations to the third and fourth séries, promised to be equal to Hatchards' first and second, which had cost~'aooo but Cassell's additions were cheaply and insufficiently supplied by old German plates, adapted as much as might be. to my words for illustration. This manifest inferiority of the last half of the volume, as well as .its too great price, stopped the sale,-and after a time with a high hand all the copies were sold off by auction, to the losa of both publisher and author. As 1 had supplied gratis the plates of Hatohards' edition, buying up the half not mine and giving thé other, 1 found myseif@thus muicted in a large sum, for which 1 hâve only to show in return about a hundredwoight of wood-@Mocks and stéréotypes -which may be bought by any publisher at bargain priée. Altpgether the whole a@nair was unsatisfactory and disappointing. Individuals may be génial, honest, and considerate, but a company or a partnership simply looks to thé hardest bargain in the shrewdest way. Of ail this l'II complain, vainly enough, no more. In their several places, many anecdotes about Pro-verbial Philosophy shall duly appear I may mention one or twp now, as timely. When that good old man, Ûrandiather Hatohard, more than 8~ ootogenaria! , first saw@mo, he placed@his@hand on my dark@hair and said with tears in his oyes, You will thank G od for this book when your head cornes to be as white as mine. têt me gratefully acknowledge that he was a true prophet. When 1 was writing the concluding essay of the firat series, my father not quite such a prophet as old Hatchard exhorted me to burn it, as his ambition was to make a lawyer of me, the Church idea having failed from my stnmmering, and he had very little confidence, as a man of the world, in poetry bringing fortune. However, it did not get burnt,. though I had aomo diffi-culty in persuadiug him to let me get it printed instead. The dear good man lived to bless me for it, especially for my. essay on Immortality, which 1 know affected him seriousiy, and he~gavo me ~2000 as a gift in conséquence. As I may, have been only too faithfully frank in men-tioning this curious literary anecdote,-which, as known to.others, I could scaroely have suppressed,-it is'only fair to the momory of my dear and honoured father that 1 should hère produce one of his very few letters to me, just found among my archives and bearing upon this same subject. It was written to me at Brighton, and is dated,Laura House, Southampton, Ootober 16, 184@.2 Mv DEAREST MARTIN-Anythiug that 1 could say, or any praise that 1 could give respecting your last volume would, in my estimation, fa@U very far short indeed of its merits. 1 shall therefore merely say that 1 look upon your chapter upon Immortality, not only as a most exquisite specimen of'fine, sound, and learned composition, but as combating in thé most satisfaotory mnnner thé M Md'owt of in@ndelity, almoat porfeot. 1 oniy hope that you may receive the just tribute of the literary community your own feelings as the author of that chapter must bo very enviable. God @Ness you, dearest, dearest Martin.-Bolieve me, over your' affec-tiônate father and sincère friend, MA@MiN@TuppER. 1 need not say that these are tp~MM?~ verba, and that 1 here insert the letter in full, as the warmest and most honourable palinode I could hâve received from a man so usually reserved and reticent as waa my revered and excellent father. The brother of my friend Benjamin Nightingale to be more spoken of hereafter was so fascinated with the book that he copied it all out @m his own handwriting, word for word, and was jocularly aecused of pretending to its authorship. 1 once met an enthusiast who kuew both the two @nrst series by heart,-and certainly he wént on wherever 1 tried to pose him from thé open volume, -my own memory being far less faithful. Similarly my more recent friend William Hawkea claims to have read the whole book sixty times whereof this im-promptu of mine is a sort of half proof @@Impromptu@. Sixty times, you tell me, friand, You've read my books from end to end. Perhapa not all my myriad rhymes, But all my rhythmios sixty times. Yes, friend, for 1 have heard you quote My old Proverbials by rote Page after page, and anywher.e Have heard yon Bpout them then and there, Though 1 myself had quite forgot .'What@i@hadivrit@.and@you@had@not. Well, author surely never more Was oomplimented 60 befpro For though 1 knew in years long past An amiable enthusiast, Who oopied out in his MS. My whole Proverbial, as for press, T~o more strange anecdotes may here find their place otbers will occur e!sewhere in this volume here-after rospeoting Proverbial Philosophy. Joseph Durham, the sculptor, a great friend of mine, had been known to me for some years, and one day he gave me a curious little book, very amoient and dingy-looking, entitled Politeuphuia, Wits' Commonwealth London,' ° 1667 with this explana@don, that he had picked it up at an old bookstal 1,- and, @Rnding it was written somewhat in proverbs gave it to me, adding, in his shrewd way, the humorous fancy. that until ho had read it and couidn't discover a line or thought of exact similarity possibly he might have checkmated me by showing me the mine from which I had dug my wisdoms 1 As I have béfore me a memorandum pasted into the booklet itself it is a minute duodecimo I will hère quote exactly what î wrote in it a.t the time thé date being Albury Houso, May 24, t86@@~ This little book has jnst been given to me by Durham it is very scarce, so muoh so that thé British Muséum, he says, does not possess a copy probably there are not six in thé world. I nevet saw it, nor heard Until hë hait believed that he Was the real Simon M. F. T.@ Yet thou, my worthy William Hawkes, Hast beaten Nightingale by ohalks,-And, years ago, your friends for fame Have given you Martin Tupper's name, Because you oonstantly were heard Quoting Proverbial word for word 1 So then, by heart, as by the pen, @1 live upon the mouths of men,' Ev'n as Ennius lived of old, A life worth more than gems or gold. of it till now just twenty-nine years after the publication of my Proverbial Philosophy. It is a curious coincidence that the headings of this Wits' Miscellany.are similar to my own as Of so and so throughout I first wrote On 60 and so but did not like the sound, aud remembering it would be De in Latin, altered it to Of. The treat-ment also of the subjeots bas some apparent similitude but in looking all through the book, it is strange that Dot one line, not one phrase, is the same@as any of mine. Travelling on the same. road, and in somewhat of thé same proverbial rhythm, this is very curious whilst it certainly acquits me of even uniutended and unconscious plagiarism. The headings begin of God, of Heaven, of Angels, c.@@and then of vertue, of peace, of truth, c., and afterwards of love, of jealousie, of hate, of beauty, of fiattery,. c., o.@@all being aphoristic quotations from anciént authors. As before stated, the whole was unseen by me until nearly thirty years after I had pub-liBhed my independent essaya on .the.same thèses much in a similar key. This is a parallel. case to the recent statoment in a prihtëd book with eharacte@nstic illustrations respecting thé non-origitmiity of Bunyan's Pilgrim's Prdgress and Milton's Paradise Dost has been similarly disparaged, Mr. Plummer Ward having writteh, and shown to me a pamphlet by himself to prove that some Italian poem seon by Milton in youth precedod him on thé same @Unes -while Mr. Gtëikie qnotes from the AngIo-Saxoti Coedmon papers nearly ideritical with some in Paradiae Lost. But thero ia no end to assertions bf this sort, impugning authorial honesty and originality when authora write@on thé same topics and with much thé same stoèk of@words and ideas both roligipus and educational, it is only a marvel that the thoughts and writings of men do not oftener collide, and seem to be plagiaristic reproductions. I have spoken of ail thia at length, that if any one hereafter finds this Politeuphuia in the British Museum which is welcome to have my copy if it lacks one ,.and years hence accuses my innocence of having stolen from it, he may know that 1 have thus taken the bull by the horns and twisted him over. The last anecdote 1 shall now iufliot upon my reader in this oonnection is as foltows @One James Orton, an American gentleman whom 1 have never seen that I know of unless by possibility in some one of the crowds met anonymously, before whom 1 may hâve read in public was kind enough many years ago to publish a beautifully printed and illustrated volume Thé Proverbialist and the Poet, wheréof he sent me two copies but laoking his address, probably with the délicate object of preventing an acbnowledgment and 1 am almost ashamed to state-that his whole book in different inks combines the thréefold wisdoms of King Solomon, William Shakes-peare, and Martin Tupper thé title page being decorated in colours with views of the Temple, Strat-ford-on-Avon, and Albury House 1 If I venturod' to quoto the Preface, it would beat oven this as thé climax of fùlsome @nattëry, and 1 think that my friende of the Comio Press who have done me so much. service by keeping up my shuttlecock with their battledores, and so muoh honour by p!acing me prominontly aniong the defamed worthies of thé worid, would in their oharity. for they have somo pity the victim of suoh ex-cruciating praise, if he failed hereby to repudiate it. Not but that poor human nature delights in adulation. I well remember the joy wherewith I first greeted the following from a, Cincinnati paper so hearty too, and generous, and. obviousiy sincere. The author of this book will rank, we are free to say, with the very first spirits of the British world. It will live, in our judgment, as long as the Ënglish language, and be a text-book of wisdom to the young of all généra-tions of America and England both. We would rather be the author of it, thau hold any civil or ecclesiastical o@Sice in thé globe. We would rather leave it as a legacy to our. children, than the richest estate ever owned by man. From our heart we' thank the young author for this precious gift, and, could our .voice reach him, would pronounce a shower of heart@ It blessings on his sou!. When we began to read it with our editorial pencil in hand, we undertook to mark its beautiful passages, should we find ahy worthy of distinction but, having read to our satisfaction-indeed to our amazomënt -we throw@down the pencil, and, had we as much space as admiration, we would quote the whole of it. It is one solid, sparkling, priceless gem. 1 may as well add a few@more such extracts, as striotly within the text of ' My Lifework. The author of @Proverbial Philosophy' is a writer in whom beautiful extremes meet,-the richness of the Orient, and the strength of the Occident-thé stern virtuo of@the North and the passion of the South. Àt times his genius seems to posseas créative power, and to open to our gaze things new and glorious, of whioh we hâve never dreamed then again it soems like sunlight, its province not to croate, but to viYify@and glori@~ what before waa within and around us. Aspirations, fandios, belie@@ we have long folded in qur hearts as dear aud sacred things, yet never had the power or the courage to reveal, bloom out as naturally in hia pages as wild flowers when the blossoming time is come. We are not so much struck by thé grandeur of h!s conceptions, or fascinated by the elegauce of his diction, as warmed, ennobled, and delighted by the glow of his enthusiasm, the purity of his principles, and the continuous guahing forth of his tenderness. His words form an electric chain, along which he 6.euds his own soul, thrilling around the wide circle of his reader@@@~N. P. WiLUS's ~ MMC t OMM! Perhaps no writer bas attracted a greater degree of public attention, or received a larger share of public praise, during tbe last few years, than Martin F. Tupper,-a man of whom England nmy well be proud, aud whose name will eventually be one of the very noblest on the scroll bf fame.tMte~dM. C~M~r. Everybody knows the 'Proverbial Philosophy' of Martin Tupper a, million and a half of copies-so, publisher~ say-hâve been sold in America.@JVeM Yb~A~bfM. Full of genius, rich in thought, admirable in its reti-gious tone and beautiful language.@C~~ctMtM~ t ~~ M. App!es of gbld set in piotures of silver' is the most apposite apophthegm we can apply to the entire@work. We@haye@rarelymet a volume- so grateful to the taate in ail ita parts, so rich in.its simplioity, so unique iu ita arrangements, and so perfect in ail that côustitùtos the perfection of style, as the,volume before us. It muet live like@immortal@seod,@to produce a continuai harveat@of@pro. ûtable reHection. .PAi~ot!6~M ~ j~pMcopc~~6corc!e~ No one can glance at this work withuut perceiving that .it is produoed by thé @mspiration of genius. It is full of glorious thoughts, 'eaoh of which might be expanded into a treatise.@OMty Atlas. We cannot express the intense iuterest and delight with which we have perused 'Proverbial Philosophy. 0!'e~m's Evangelist@. The @Proverbial Philosophy' bas struck with almost miraculous force and effect upon the minds and hearts of a large class of American readers, and has at once rendered its author's na.me and character famous and familiar in our country. It abounds in gems and apt allusions, which display without au effort the deep pra.c-tical viewa and the eesthetical culture of the author. -SbM~6~ JM~OMy J~ae~ Let all this suffice for America a few from this side of the Atlantic may be added Il. Wero we to eay ail we think of the no@Nenesa of the thoughts, of thé beauty and virtuousness of the senti-ments contained in this volume, we should be con-strained to write a lengthened eulogtum on it.JM M MK~ Post. Martin Farquhar Tupper bas won for himself the vacant throne waiting for him amidst the immortalSj and-after a long and glorious term ôf popularity among those who know when their hearts are touched, witbout being able to justify@their taste to their intellect, has been adopted by the su@mrage of mankind and the @Rnal decree of publishers into the same rank with Words-worth, Tehuyson, aud Browning.@pec~ It ia a 'book easily ùudoratood, and repaying thé reader on@everypage@with@senti@~nts true toe.xperiet oe, and expressed oftien with surprising beauty.F~a! eW M. .One of the most thoughtful, brilliant, and iinished productions of the age.@@@Banner of the Cross@. For poetic imagery, for brightuess of thought, for clear and striking views of all the interests and conditions of man, this work bas been pronounced by the English and Americah press a3 unequalled.Zt~J~ef. Thé principal work of Martin Farquhar Tupper, 'Proverbial Philosophy,' is instinct with the spirit of genial hopeful love and to this mainly should be attri. buted the vast amount of sympathotic admiration it bas attracted, not only in this country, but aiso in the United States.MA @~6MeM~. We congratulate ourselves, for the sake of our @hnd's language, on thia noble addition to her stock of what Dr. Johnson@justly esteema 'thé highest order of learn-ing.' If Mr. Tupper be not the high priest of his profession, he is at least no undignified niinister of thé altar. Thé spirit of a noble hope animates the exercise of bis high function.a~AcMo~. 1 We know not whether Mr. Tupper, when ho was pouring forth the contents of thèse glorious volumes, intended to write prose or poetry but if bis object waa the former, his end bas not been accomplished. @Pro-verbial Philosophy' is poetry assurediy ppotry exqui-site, almost beyond the bounda of fancy to conceive, brimmed with noble thoughts, and studded with' heaven-ward aspirations.C~MMAo M~a~JbM~a~ The @Proverbial Philosophy,' which @nrst established Mr. Tuppor's reputatton, is a work of standard. excel-lence. It bas met with- unpreoedented success, and many large editions of it bave been sold. It led to the Mtthor's being eleoted a .Fe@How jof the Royal Sooiety and the King of Prussia, in token of his Majest@és high approbation of the work, sent him the gold medal for science and literature. @@@~~M~ow Examiner@. This book is like a collection of miniature paintings on ivory, small, beautiful, highly finished, and hetero-geneous in style something between prose and verse not so rigid as to fetter the thought, not so free as to exclude absolute diatinctness, with the turn and phrase of@poetry.OE~MM.~MM~Mce~. There is more novelty in the sentiments, a greater sweep of subjects, and a @nner sense of moral beauty displayed by Mr. Tupper, than we remember to have seen in any work of its @dass, excepting of course thé 1 Proverbs of Solomon.' We aiso discover in his @Philosophy' thé stores of extensive reading, and thé in-disputable proo@@ of habituai and devout réf@ection, as well as the workings of an'elegant mind.OM~e~ew. Have we not now donc onough to show that a poet of power and of promises-a poet and philosopher both-is amongst us to dèlight and instruct, to elevato and to guide.C~c~oc~eJoMt~M~. Thia work glows and glitters all over with thé effluence and lustre of a fine imagination, and is steeped in the rich hues and pervading beauty of a mild wisdom, and a génial and kindly morality.@@@@@o@~ Times. Th@é'Proverbial Philosophy' contains much sound reflection, moral and religious maxims of thé highest im-portance, élégant .Bgures and allusions, sound and serious observations of life,-all ëxprossod in most appropriate and well-selectod languago. ?e~eMMM'a ~ ~ e. One of thé most original and ourious productions ofour@timo. M. A book as full, of sweetness as a honeycomb, of gentleness as woman's heart in its wisdom worthy the disciple of a Solomon, in its genius the child of a à Milton. Every page, nay almost.every line, teems with evidences of profound thinking and various reading, and the piotures it often presents to our mind are the most imaginative and beautiful that can possibly be conceived.C!Mtf Journal@. If men delight to read Tupper both in Englànd and America, why should they not study him both in the nineteenth century and in the twentieth 1 The judg-ment of persons who are more or less free from insular pt'ejudices is said in some degree to anticipate that which is admitted to be the conclusive verdict of posterity M~a~.Z~MW. Thé popularity of the 'Proverbial Philosophy' of Martin Tupper is a gratifying and healthy symptom of the present taste in literature, the book being full of lessons of wisdom and piety, conveyed in a style start-ling at first by ita novelty,.but irresistibly pleasing by its earpestness and éloquence.2~M'oM'y ?eK!6M Mr. Mill, Mr. Herbert Spencer, Mr. Browning, Mr. Morris, Mr. Rossetti-ail these writers have a wider audience in America than in England. So too bas Mr. Tupper. The imagination staggers in attempting to. realise thé number of copies of his works which have been published abroad. Uniike most of his contemporaries, further, he haa conquëred popularity in both hemispheres.. He haa won the suffràges of two great nations. He may now diaregard critioism.JDcn~ ~6M'A This sonnet, written and published in 1837, nearly ha~f a century ago, explaina itaelf and may fairly corne in here as a proteat and prophecy by a then yoùng author. And, .? ? ~c, if hyper-criticiam objecta that a sonnet must always be a fourteen-@Hner this being one only of twelve 1 reply that it is sometimes of sixteen, as in the, eue by Daute to Madonna, .whioh I have translated in my Modern Pyramid and there are instances of twelve, as one at least of Shakespeare's in his Passionate Pilgrim. But this is a sma@U technicality. @@~ my Book 7'fo~~Ko~ .PAt~Mo~ before Publioation.@ My soul's own son, dear image of my mind, 1 would not without blessing send thee forth Into the bleak wide world, whose voioe un@Mud Perohanoe will mock @t thee as nothing worth For the cold critio's jealous eye may find In ail thy purposed good little but illi May taunt thy simple garb as quàintly wrought, And praise thee for no more than the small skill Of masquing as thine own another's thought What then@ connt envious sneers as less than nought Fair is thine aim,-and having done thy best, So, thus I bless thee yea, thou shalt be blést 1 There were alao two others afterward, in the jubilato vein but I spare my reader, albeit they are curiously prophetie of thé wide good-doing since accomplished. Tp thé above numerous commendations which indeed might be ind@o6nitely extended, it ia ouly fair to add that Proverbial Philosophy bas run the gauntlet of bpth hemispheres aiso in the way of, parody, ridicule, plagiaristio imitation, and in somë instances of énvious and malignant condemnation. It has won on eaoh side both@praise from the good and censure from thé bttd our co.mio papers haYe amused us with ita tra-yesties-as Churob Liturgies and'Holy Writ have been similarly parodied.-and some of thé modern writers who are unfiiendly to Obristtan inBuotioes hâve doue their small endeavour to damage both the book and ite author through adverse criticism. But their efforts are vain. They have availed only to advanco-from first to last now for some forty-five years-the world-wide success of Proverbial Philosophy. If it is expected, as a matter of impartiality, that 1 should hère print adverse criticisms as well as those which are favourable, I simply decline to be so foolish a caricature impresses where a portrait is forgotten the @litera ~c@@?Tp~ in printer's ink remains and is quotable for ever, and I do not think it worth while deliberately to traduce myse~f and my book children by adopting the opinions of dyspeptic scribes who will find how well I think of them in my Proverbial Essay Zo@Uism which, by the way, I read at St. Andrews, before some chiefa of that university, with A. K. H. B. in the chair. Aocordingly, I prefer now to appear one-sided, as a piece of common sense quite i~idi@Serent to the charge of, vain-gloriousness all the good verdicts quoted are genuine, absolutely unpaid and unrewarded, and are matters of sincère and skilled opinion so being such 1 prize them the opposing judgments-much fewer, and far less hearty, as willing to wound and yet afraid'to strike -may as well perish out of 'memory by being ignored and neglected. Hère is a social anecdote to illustrate what I mean. I once knew a foolish young noblemau of the highest rank who~to spite his younger brother as. ho fancied-postod him up in hia club for having called him a maggqt and ail he got for his pains in this exposure was that'thé namo stuok to him-self for life! 1 so it is not necessary to borrow fame's trumpet@to@proolaim@one'@afew@dispratBes. Moreover, I hâve thought it ouly just to the many unseen Jovers of Proverbial Philosophy to show them how heartily their good opinions have been counter-signed and sanctioned all over the English-speaking world by critics of many schools aud almost a@U denomi-nations. It is not then from personal vanity tbat so much laudation is exhibited God.wot, I hâve reason to denounce and renounce self-seekingj-but rather tb gratify and corroborate innumerable book friends. If there had been International Copyright in the more halcyon days of my Proverbial popularity, when, as reported see the @New York World@ on p. 124 , a million and a half copies of my book were consumed in America, I should have been materially rewarded by a royalty of something like a hundred thousand pbunds but the bare fact is that all I have ever received from my Trans-atlantic booksollers in the way of money bas been some ~'8o three thousand dollars which Herman Hooker of Philadelphia gave me for the exclusive privilege-so far as@@ could grant it-of being my publisher, For aught e!se, I hâve nothing to complain of in the way of praise, however pro@St!ess, of kindiiness, however well ap-preciated, and of boundlesa hospitality, however fairly reimbursed at th~ time by thé val.ua@Ne presence of a foreign celebrity. No doubt the public are benefited by thé cheapness of books unproteoted by copyright, and the author, 'if ho wins no royalty, gains by famé and pleasure but the absence of a copyright law is a gréât mistake,-as well as an injustice to the authorship of both nations, by starving the literature of. oach other, American publishers will not su@@moiently pay their own native bookwrights when they oan appropriate their neigbbburs@ works for nothing and ours in England pro-bably enriched themselves as vastly and cheaply by Mrs. Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Oabin as many among the thirty-three States by Proverbial Philosopby. As my bandsome quarto Proverbial bas been for two générations a common gift-book for weddings, and bas more than once appeared among the gifts at royal marriages, it is émail wonder that I have often been greeted by old-and young-married couples as having been a sort of spiritual Cupid on such occasions. Fre-queutly@at my@readings and elsewhere ladies thitherto unknown bave claimed me as their unseen friend, and some have feelingly acknowledged that my Love and Marriage both written in my teens were the turn-ing-points of their lives and causes of their happiness. Thèse @Hues will meet the eyes of some who will acknow-ledge their truth, and possibly if they like it may.write and tell me so some of my warmest friendships have originated in grateful letters of a similar character. It may aiso be worthy of mention that on this side of the Atlantic as well as on~ the other see especially the case of N. P. Witlis it bas ôften@been taken for granted that thé author of Proverbial Philosophy bas been dead for générations. No doubt this is due both to the antique style of the book and to the retiring habits of its tuithor oomparatively@few of my@roadera knew me by@sight. 1 could mention many proofs of this belief in my non-existence hère is one a daughter of mine is asked lately by an eminent person if she is a descen-dânt of the oelebratod Etizabetban author@ and@when that individual in passing round the room came néar to 'the Professer, and was introduced to him as her father, the man could scarcely be .brought to believe that his long-departed book friend was positively alive before him. The Professer looked as if he had seen a ghost. Throughout this volume I wish my courteous readers to bear in mind that the writer excludes from it as much as possible the strictly private and personal élément it is intended to be mainly authorial or on mattera there-with conneoted. Moreover, if they will considerately take in.to account that as a youth and until middie age I was, from thé speech-impediment since overeome, isolated from the gaieties of society, as also that I religiousiy abstained from theatricals at a time before Macready, who has since purified them into a very fair school of moraJs,-to say less of having been engaged in marriage from seventeen to twenty-five,-I can have for example no love adventures to offer for amusement, nor any dramatio anecdotes such as Ruskin might supply. The autobiography of Benvenuto Cellini is full of enter-taining and highly coloured incidents which could not be possible to one rather of thé Huguenot stamp than that of thé Cavalier, and so I cannot compote therewith as to any qf@tho spicier records of hot youth, for which indeed let me be thaukful.. If then my reader finds me less lively than ho had-shall I say uncharitably ?-hoped for,, let him take into account that, to quote the splendid but sensuous phrase of Swinburne,. I have aiwaya beon@atupidiy prône, to prefer the lilies and languora of virtue to thé rosés and raptures@of vice. 1 will now proceed with thé solf-imposed duty of .re-cording my authorial. performances. CHAPTER XIII. A MODERN PYRAMID. IN 183~, Rickerby was again my publisher the new book being A Modern Pyramid to Commemorate a Septuagint of Worthies. In this volume, commencing with Abel, and ending with Felix Ne@9,@1 hâve greeted both in verse and prose tbreescore and ten of the Exoel-~ lent of the earth. Probably'the best thing in it ia thé Vision Introductory and, as the book has been long out of print, 1 will produce it here as an interesting @night of fancy, albeit somewhat of a long one. If an author can be'accounted a fair judge of his own writings, thia.is my best effort in the imaginative line and as it is no new brain-child we always love the last baby best , but was written little short of fifty years ago, the impartial opinion of an old judge is probably a correct one. The sun-dial is still in my garden,-and as 1 stood by it haïf a century since, there grow up to my mind's eye this Vision -@1 was walking in my garden at noon and 1 came to the sun-dial, where, shutting my book, I leaned upon the pedestal, musing so@the@thin@shadow@pointod@to@twelve. 'c Of a sudden, 1 feit a warm s~eet breath upon my cheek, and, starting up, in much wonder beheld a face of the most bowitohing beauty close besido me, gazing on the dial it was only a face and with èarriest fear I leaned, stead@ stly watching its strange loveliness. Soon, it looked into me with its fascinating eyes, and said mournfully, 'Dost thou not know me?'-but I was speechless with astonishment then it said, @Con-sider @@with that, my mind rushed into me like a flood, and I looked, and considered, and speedily vague outlinos shaped about, mingled with floating gossamers of colour, until I was aware that a glorious living Créature was growing to my knowledge. So I looked resolutely on her for she wore the garb of woman , gazing still as she grew and again she said mildly, 'Considor @@then I noted that from her jewelled girdie upwards, all was gorgeous, glistening, and most beautifui her white vest was rarely worked with living flowers, but brighter and sweeter than those of earth flowing tresses, blacker than the shadowa cast by the bursting of a meteor, and, like them, brilliantly intorwoven with strings of light, fell.in clusters on her fair bosom her lips were curled with the expression of majestio triumph, yet wreathed winuingly with @nickër-ing smiles and the lustre of her terrible eyes, like sans flashing darkness, did bewilder me and blind my@reason -'Then I veiled mine eyes with my clasped hands but again she said, @Consider '-and bénding all my mind to the hazard, I encountered with calmness their steady radianoe, although they burned into my brain. Round about her sable locks was as it were a chaplet of @are ¡ her right hand held a double-edged sword of most atrange workmanship, for the one edge was of keen steel, and the other as- it were the strip of. a peacook's feather on the face of the air about her were phantoma of winged horaoa, and of raoking-wheela and from her. glossy shoulders waved and quivered large.dazzlihg wings of iridescent colours, most glorious to look upon. So grew she slowly to my@knowledge and as 1 stood gazing in a rapture, àgain she muttered sterniy,-'Oonsider@'-Then 1 looked below.the girdie upon her flowing robes and behold they were of dismal hue, and on the changing surface fluttered fearful visions 1 dis-cerned @Mood-spots on them, and ghastly eyes glaring from the darker fbids, and, when these rustled, were heard stifled moanings, and smothered shrieks as of horror and 1 noted that she stood upon a wreath of lightnings, that darted about like a nest of young snakes in the midst of a sullen cloud, black, palpable, and rolling in-wards as thick smoke from a furnace. Then said she again to me, 'Dost thou not know me?'-and 1 answered her@@.O@Wonder, terrible in thy beauty, thy fairness hâve 1 seen in dréams, and have guessed with a trem@Ning spirit that thau walkest among fears are thou not@that dread Power, whom the chiidreu. of men have namëd Imagination?'-And she smiled sweetly upon me@ aaying, @Yéa, my son ' and her smile fell upon my~ heart like the sun on roses, till I grew bold in my love and said, 1 0 Wonder, I would learn of thee show me some strange sight, that I may worship thy fair majésty in secret.' Thon she stood liko a goddess and a queen, and stretohing@fbrth her'arm, white as the snow aud glitter-ing with circlots, slowly beokoned with her aword to the points of the diaL .There was a .distant rushing sound, and 1 saw wnite cloads afar off drppping suddenly and together from thé .blue firmament all round me in a oirole and they fell to the earth, and rolled onwards, fearfu@Dy@oonyerging.to@where 1 stood~ and they came on, on, on, like the galloping cavalry of heaven pour-ing in on ail sides as huge cataracts of foam and shutting me out from the green social worid with the awful curtains of the skies.-Then, as my@heart was @@il ing me for iëar, 'and for looking at those inevitable strange onoomings, and the @nxt eyes of my queehiike mistresa, I sent reason from his throne on my brow to speak with it calmly, and took courage. So stood 1 alone with that dread beauty by the dial, and the white rolling wall of cloud came on slowly around with suppressed thunderings, and the island of earth on which 1 stood grew sma@Uer and smaller every moment, and the garden-flowers faded away, and the familiar shrubs disappeared, until the moving bases of those cold mist-mountains were @nxed at my very feet. Then said to me the glorious Power, standing in stature as a giant,@@Cornet why tarriest thou ? Cornet'-and instantly there rushed up to us a huge golden throue of light filigree-work, borne upon seven pinions, whereof eaeh was fledged above with feathers fair and white, but underneath they were ribbed batlike, and frièged with black down and all around fluttered beautiful winged faces, mingled and disporting with grotesque figures and hideous imps. Then she mounted in her pomp thé steps of the throne, and sat therein proudiy. Again she said to me, 'Cornet'-and I. feared her, for her voice was terrible so 1 threw mysolf down on the lowest of the seven golden steps, aud the border of her dark. robe touohed me. -Then was 1 full of dread, hemmed about with horrors, and the pinions rustled together, and we ruahed upward like a flame, and the hurrioane hastened after us my heart was as a frozen@autumn-leafquiver@mg in my bosom, and I looked up for help and pity from the mighty ,Power on her throne but she spurned me with her black-saudalled foot, and I was thrust from my dizzy seat, and in falling clutched at the silver net-work that lay upon the steps as a carpet,-and so 1 hung my hands were stif@Ry crooked in the meshes like eagle's talons, my wrists were bursting, the bones of my body ached, and 1 heard the chill whisper of Death who came flitting up to me as a sheeted ghost bidding my poor heart be atill yet I would live on, I would cling on, though swinging foarfully from that up-rushing throne for my mind was unsubdued, and my reason would not die, but robelled against his mandate. And so the pinions fiapped away, the dreadful cavalcade of clouds followed, .we broke the waterspout, raced the whirlwind, hunted the thunder to his caverns, rushed through the light and wind-tost mountains of the snow, pierced with a crash the thick sea of ice, that like a globe of hollow glass séparâtes earth and its atmosphere from superambient. space, and flying forward through the airless void, lighted on another worid. Then triumphed my reason, for 1 stood on that silent shore, fearless though alone, and boldly upbraided the dread Power that had brought me thither,@@Trait-ress, thou hast not conquered my mind is still thy master, and if the weaker body failëd me, it hath beeu @Slled with new energies in these quickening skies 11 am immortal as thou art yet shalt thou fear me, and hoed my biddings whorefore hast thou dared- ? but my wrathful. oyo looked on her bewitohing beauty, and 1 had no tongue to ohide, as she said in the sobriety of loveliness,@@My 8on@ have I not answered thy prayer 1 yet but, in part behold, 1 hâve good store of precious things to show thee@@ with that, she kissed my brow, and 1 fell into an ecstasy. 1 perceived that 1 was come to the kingdom of disem-bodied spirits, and they crowded around me as around some strange créature, clustering with earnest looks, percbance to inquire of me somewhat from the world 1 had just left. Although impalpable, and moving through each other, transparent and half-in visible, each wore the outward shape and seeming garments he had mostly been known by upon earth and my reason whispered me, this is so, until the résurrection the seen material form is the last idea which each one hath given to the worid, but the glorified body of each shall be as diverse from this, yet being the same, as the gorgeous tulip from its brown bulb, the bird of paradise from his spotted egg, or the spreading beech from the hard nut that had imprisoned it.-Then Imagination stood with me as an èqual friend, and spake to~ me soothingly, saying, 1 Knowest thou any of these@@ and I answered, @Millions upon millions, a widespread inundation of shadowy forms, from martyred Abel to thé still-bo@m babe of this hour I behold the gathered dead millions upon millions~ lika the leaves of the western forosts, like the blades of grass upon thé prairie, they are here orowding iunumerable yet should my spirit know some among them, as having held sweot con-verse with their minds in books oniy this boon~ sweet mistress, from. yonder mingled harvest of the dead, iu grâce cull me mine intimâtes, that 1 may see them even with my bodily eyes.' So she smiled, and waved her fair hand and at once, a few, a very few, not all worthiest, not ail best, came nearer to me with looks of love and 1 knew them e.ach one, for 1 had met ami somewhilo wa!ked with each of them in the patbs'of méditation and sorne appeared less beatified than others, and some èven meanly clad as in garments all of earth, yet 1 loved them more than the remainder of that crowded world, though not equally, nor yet all for merit, but in that 1 had aympathy with these as my friends. And each spake kindly to me in his tongue, ao that 1 stood entrauced by the language of the spirits. Then said my bright-wiuged guide, @Hast thou no word for each of these@ they love thy greeting, and would hear thee.' But I answered, @À!as, beautiful Power, 1 know but the language of earth, and my heart ia cold, and I am slow of tongue. how should 1 worthily address these great ones@ -So with her finger she touched my lips, and in an inspiration 1 spake the language of spirits, where the thoughts are aa incense to the mind, and the words winged music to the car, and the heart is dissolvod into streams of joy, as hail that hath wandered to the tropics in sweetness I communed with. them all, and paid my debt of thanks. And behold, a strange tbing, changing the aspect of my vision. It appeared to me, in that dreamy dimness, whereof the judgment inquireth not and reason hath no power to rebuke it, that while I waa still speaking unto those great ones, thé aeveral greetings I had poured forth in my fervour,-being as it were @nowinglava @oin the voloano of my.heart,-becamo einbodied into mighty cubes of crystal and in thé midst of each one severally flickered its spiritual song, like a soûl, @m characters of fire. So I looked in admiration on that fashioning of thoughts, and while.1 looked, behold, the shining masaea did shape up, growing of themselves into a fair pyramid apd 1 saw that its eastefn@foot was shrouded in. a miat, and thé hither western foot stood out clear and well defined, and thé topstoue in the middle was more glorious than the rest, and inscribed with a name that might not be uttered for whereas ail the remainder had seemed to be earthborn, mounting step by step as the self-built pile grew wondrously, this only had appearèd to drop from above, neither had 1 welcomed.. the name it bore in that land of spi@nts nevertheless, 1 had per-ceived thé footmarks of Him, with whoso name it was engraved, even on the golden sauds of that bright world, aud had worshipped them in silence with a welcome. Thus then stood before me the majestic pyramid of crysta!, full of characters flashing heavenly praise and I' gloried in it as mine own building, hailing thé architect proudly, 'and 1 grew familiar with those high things, for my mind iri its fblly was lifted up, and look-ing on my guide, 1 said, '0 Lady, were it not i@M, 1 would tell my brethren on earth of these strange màtters, aud of@thy favour,.and of@the love all these -have shown me yea, and 1 would recount their greetings and mine in that sweet language of the apirita.@@But thé glorioua Wonder drew back majestic with a frown, saying, @Not so, presumptùous child of man. thé things 1 hâve shown thee, and the greetings thou hast heard, and thé ~ougs wherewith 1 filled thee, cannot worthily be told in btber than the language of spirits aud where is thé alphabet of men that can @Sx that unéarthly tonguo,-or how shouldst thou from hencëforth, or thy fellows upon earth, attain to ita délicate conceptions? behold, all these thine intimâtes are wroth with thee they dis-cern evil upon thy Boul the place of their sojourn is too pure for thee.' Then was thore a poat of thunder, like. the buratihg of a worid, whereupon all that restless sea of shadows, and their bright abode, va,nished suddenly and tbere ensued a flood of darkness, peopled with shoaling @@ars, and I heard the approach of hurrying sounds, with demoniac laughter, and shouts coming as for me, nearer and louder, saying, @Oast out@ Cast out l' and it rushed up to me like an unseen army, and 1 @Bed for life before it, until 1 came to the extrême edge of that spiritual world, where, as I ran looking backwards for terror-at those viewless hunters, 1 leaped horribly over the un~ guarded cli@@@~and fe@U whirling, whirling, whirling, until my senses failed me-@When 1 came to myself, I was by the sun-dial in my garden, leaning upon the pedestal, and the thin shadow still pointed tô twelve. In astonishment, 1 ran hastily to my chamber, and strove to remember the strains 1 had heard. But, alas 1 they had all passed away scarcely one disjointed note of that rare music lingered in my memory 1 waa awakened from a vivid dream, whereof the morning remembered nothing. Nevertheless, 1 toiled on, a rebel against that fear@@M Power, and deprived of her wonted aid my songs, invita Minervâ, are but bald trauslations of those heavenly weJcomings my humble pyramid, far from being thé visioned apotheosis of that of a Cepbron, bearà an unambitious Jikeness to thé meauer Asyohian, thé oharaoteristio of which, ba@@mng its presumptuous motto, must bo voiled in one word from Herodotus 2-136 ,-ajas@ for thé bathos of translation, thé cabalis-tio~-w~of, built up of mud.' Was not Rome lutea as well, as. marmorea@ aud is not beautiful Parie,anciently Lutetia, .with its tile-sheds for Tuileries, and. a Bourbe-bonne for its Sovereign@ A@U thèse sonnets, with others, were published by me elsewhere, as 1 state further on. The volume also contains soma of my less faulty translations, as from Sappho, @~sohylus, Pythagoras, Virgil, Horace, Dante@ Petrarch, o. And here I will give a chance spécimen out of my Septuagint of Wortbies, to each one of whom I have appropriated a page or two of explanatory prose besides his. fourteen lines of poetry. Take my sonnet on Sylva Evelyn @@Wotton, fair Wotton, thine ancestral hall, Thy green fresh-meadows, ooursed by ductile streams, That ripple joyous in the noonday beams, Leaping adown the frequent waterfall, Thy princely forest, and calm slumbering lake Are hallowed spots and classic precinots all For in thy terraced walks and beechen grove The gentle, generous Evelyn wont to rove, Peace-lover, who of nature's garden spake From cedars to the hyssop on the wall t 0 righteous spirit, fall'n on evil times, Thy loyal zeal and learned piety Blest ail around thee, wept thy country@s crimes, And taught the world how Ohristians live and die. The sonnet is a fprm of metrical compos@Mion which bas been habituai with me, a@amy volume Three Hundred Sonnets will go to prove and I have written quite a hundred more. The best always come at a burst, spontaneoualy and as it were inspirationally. A laboured sonnet is a dult pièce of arti@ncial rhyming, aud as it springs not from thé heart of the writer, fails to reach thé. heart. pf the reader. If the metal does not flow out quio~ and hot, there ïtover oan be a sharp oasting.. Good sbpnots are cryatals of the heart and mind, perfeot from beginntng to end, aud are onty unpopular where poetasters make a carnal toil of. them instead of fiuding them a spiritual pleasure. But one who knows his theme may write reams about sonneteer-ing for instance, see that striking article on Shakes-peare's sonnets in a recent T~~M~ or, was it a Cb~M~o~eM~~ by Charles Mackay, himself@one of our literary worthiest, who bas so wèll worked through a long life for his country and his kind my best regards to him. His disoovery, or rather ingenious hypothesis, quite new to me, is, that some of the one hundred and fifty-four in that collection are by other writ ers than Shakes-peare, though falsely printed under his name, and that some more though by him were written imperson-ately in the characters of Essex and Elizabeth which would account for an awkward confusion of thé sexes hitherto inexplicable. Mackay thinks that thé pub-lisher included any sonnets by others whioh he thought worthy of the great bard, as if they were his, and so caused the injurious and wrong appropriation most of them are exquisite, and many undoubtediy Shakes-peare's some 1 have said probably by another hand. Criticali y speaking too, not one of ail the one hundred and fifty-four is of the conventional and elaboraté fourtoen-liner'sort, with complicated rhymes buteach is a, lyrical gem of three four-line stanzaa cloaed by @@distich. Mi!ton's eighteon are all of thé-more arti-ficial Petrarchian sort whioh Wordsworth bas dili@@@@@@-made hia model in more than four hundred instances of@very@variots@degroes in inerit. As 1 am writing a short mempir of my books, I may state that my owh small quarto of sonnets grew out of thé Modern Pyramid. CHAPTER XIV. AN AUTHOB'S MBïD PROBABILITIES. My next book, published by Bentley in 1841, is in some sort a psychological curiosity, its title being An Author's Mind, the Book of Title-pages and when 1 add that it contains in succession sketches of thirty-four new brain-children, all struggling together for exit from my occiput, it may be imagined how impelled I was to write them all down @nxt, bowever brie@By, in black and white in order to get rid of them. The book is printed as edited by me whereas 1 wrote every word of it, but ha.d not then thé courage to say so, as certain things therein might well have o@nended some folks, and I did not wish that. I think I will give here a bit of the prefatory Ramble, to show how the emptying out of my thought-box must have been a most wholesome, a most necessary relief @@Now, reader, one little preliminary parley with you about myself. Hère beginneth thé trouble of authorahip, but it ia a trouble causiug case ease from thoughts, thoughts, thoughts, which never cease to make one's head ache till they are fixed on paper ease from dreams by night and rêveries by day thronging up in crowds bohind, like Deuoalion,'s ohildren, or a serried hoat in front, like Jason'a instant army , harassing thé brain, and atruggling for birth, a separato existence, a definite K life,-ease, in a cessation of that continuous internai hum of aerial forget-me-nots, clamouring to be recorded. 0 happy unimaginable vacancy of mind, to whiatle as ybu walk for want of thought 1 0 mental holiday, now as impossible to me as to take a true sohoolboy's interest in rounders and prisoner's base t An author's mind,-and remember always, friend, 1 write in character, so judge not as egotistio vanity merely the well playing of my @@y~e@,-such a mind is not a sheet of smooth wax, but a magie stone indented with fluttering inscriptions,-no empty tenement, but a barn stored to bursting-it is a painful pressure, constraining to write for comfort's 'f3 saké,-an appetite craving to be satis@ned, as well as a. power to be exerted,-an impetus that longs to get away, rather than a dormant dynamic-thrice bave 1 let me confess it poured forth the alleviating volume as an author, a real author, real, because, for very peace of mind, involuntary,-but still the vessel @nl s,-stiil the indigenous crop springs up, choking a better harvest, seeds of foreign growth,-sti@U these Le@moean necks sprout again, claiming with many mouths to explain, amuse, suggest, and controvert, to publish invention, .and proscribe error. TruJy it were enviable, to .be less apprehensive, less retentive,-to be @ntted with a colander-mind, like that penàl cask which forty-nine Danaïdes might not keep from leaking to be, some-times at least, suffered for a holiday to ramble brainless in the paradise bf fools. Memory, imagination, zea!, perceptions of men and things, equally with rank and riches, have often cost their full prioe, as many mad have known they take too muoh out of a man, fret, wear, worry him,-to be irritable is the conditional tax laid of old upon an author's iote@Uect the crowd of internai imagery makes him hasty, quiok, nervoùs, as a haunted, hunted man-minds of coarser web heed not how small a thorn rends one of so délicate a texture,-they cannot estimate the wish that a duller sword were in a toûgher scabbard.-the river, not content with channel and restraining banks, overflows perpetually,-the extortionate exacting armies of the ideal aud the causal persecute MY spirit, and I would make a patriot stand at once to vanquish the invaders of my peace. 1 write these things only to be quit of them, and not to let thé crowd inorease,-1 hâve conceived a plan to destroy them all, as Jehu and Elijah with the priests of Baal I feel Malthusian among my mental nurslings a dire résolve has filled me to effect a premature destruc-tion of the literary populace supor@~etating in my brain, -plays, novels, essays, tales, homilies, and rhythmi-cals for ethics and poetics, politics and rhetorics, will 1 display no more mercy than sundry commentators of maltreated Aristotle. I will exhibit them in their state chaotic,-I will addie the eggs, and the chioken shaJl not chirp,@@ will reveal, and seèrets shall not wasto me I will.write, and'-thoughts shall not batten on me. The whole volume, as before-mentioned, is an epitome or quintessence of more than thirty works,-perhaps the best being Thé Prior of Marrick, a story of idolatry Anti-Xurion, a crusade against razors aud The Author's Tribunal, an oration but 1 confess, not having looked at the book since my hair was blaok and now it is snow-white , and considering that I wrote it forty-@nve years ago, 1 am surprised to find how well worth reading is my old Author's MInd. It may some day attain a résurrection possibly even, in more than the skeleton form of its present appearance, muscles and skin being added, in a detailed filling up and @nnishing of these mere sketches, if oniy time and opportunity were given to me. But I much fear at my time of life that my Tragedy of Nero must remain unwritten, as aiso my Novel of Charlotte Clopton, and that thrilling@Hahdbook of the Màrvellous not to mention my abortive Epie of Home, and sundry essays, satires, and other lucubrations which, alas 1 may now be considered addled eggs. In a last word, 1 somewhat vaingloriousiy claim for author-ship, as thus ~ M C~A~~ Mind. Temple of truths most eloquently spoken, Shrine of sweet thoughts veil'd round with words of power, The Author's Mind in all its hallowed riches Stands a Cathedral full of preoious things-Tastefully built in harmonies unbroken, Cloister@and@aisle@.dark@orypt@and@aery@tower Long-treasured relies in the fretted niches And secret stores, and heaped-up o@Sërings, Art's noblest weal.th with Nature's fruit and @Bower. Paintings and Sculpture, Summer's best, and Spring@s, Its plenitude of pride and praise betoken An ever-burnihg lamp shinës in its soûl, Deep musio ail around enohantment @nings And Gob's great Présence conseorates the whole 1 PROBABILITIES. In this our day, Agnostioism, if not avowed Âtheism, Beems to be making gréât way, and destroy@mg the happiness of thousauds. It may be a truth, though partly an unpieasant one, that he bas no faith who never had a doubt, oven as ho has no hope who never had a fear. Well, in .my short day and in my oWu sma@U way 1 seem to have beon through everything, and there was a time when I was much worried with uninvited difficulties and involuntary unbeliefs. Such troublesome thoughts seemed to corne to me without my wish or will,-and stayéd too long with me for my peace however, 1 searched them out and fought them down, and cleared my brain of suoh poisonous cobwebs by writing my Probabi@Uties, an Aid to Faith a small treatise on the antécédent @Hkelihood of everything that has happened, which did trie gréât good while composuig it, and bas to my happy knowledge from many grateful letters enlightened and comfoi'ted hun-dreds of unwilling misbelievers. Tno book, a@Aer four editions, bas now long been out- of. print however, certainly I still wish it waa in the hauds of moderu sceptics for their good. The Scheme of the treatise is briefly this 1 begin by showing.the autecedeut pro-bability of the being of a God, thén of Hia attributes, and by inferehco from His probable benevolence, of His. hecoming a Creator then that thé created being in-ferior to His perfection might fall, in whioh event His benevolence would find a remedy. But what remedy 1 That Himsélf should pay thé penalty, and effect a full redemption. How 1 By becoming a créature, and@so Jifting up the race to Himself through so generous a condescension. 1 show that it was antecedentiy pro-bable that the Divinity should come in humble form, not to pàralyse .our reason by outwàrd glories.-that He might even die as a seeming male@ ctor this was the guesa ôf Soorates and that for thé trial of our faith there are likèly tô be permitted all manner of di@@mculties aud mysteries for us to gain personal strength by combat@mg and Jiviug them.down. Many other topics are touchod in this suggeattve little treatise, whore-anent a few critiques are available as thus, Thé author bas done good service to religion by this publica-tion it will shake the doubts of@the sceptical, strengthen the trust of the wavering, aud delight the faith of the confirmed. As its character becomes known, it will deservediy fill a high place in the estimation of tbe Christian worid.B~a~MMt. And sim@Harly of other English journals, while the Americans were equally favourable. Take this ebaracteristie instance, one of many the @Brooklyn ~ot~~e maiutaiua that thé author is one of the rare men of thé age he turua up thoughts as with a plough on the sward of monotonous usage. Aud ~ M~ Magazine, New York, com-meuds this reasoning with the sceptical, showing that if they consider probabilities simply, then all the great doctrines of our faith might reasonably be expected. An extract from the book itself, as out of print, may be acceptable, the more so that it takes a new and trae view as 1 apprehend of Job and hia restorcd prosperity@@ One or two thoughts respecting Job's tria.1. That he should at last give way was only probable he waa, iu short, another Adam, and had another @@II, albeit he wrestled nobly. Worthy was ho to be named among God'a chosen three, 'Noah, Daniel, and Job,' and worthy that the Lord should @Ness his latter end. This word brings me to the' point 1 wish to touch on,-the great compensation winch God gave to Job. Children ean ,never be regarded as other ,than iudividua.Hties, and ïtotwithstanding Eastern feelings about increase in quantity, its quality is, after all, the question for the heart. 1 mean that many children to be born is but an inadequate return for many children dying. If a father loses a well-beloved son, it is small récompense of that aching void that ho gets another. For this reason of the affections, and because 1 suppose that thinkera hâve sympathised with me in the di@@moulty, I wish to say a word about Job's children lost and found. It will clear away what ia to some minds a moral and an'ectionate objection. Now this is the state of the case. Thé patriarch is introduced to us as possessing so many camels and oxen, and so forth, and ten children. A@U these are represented to him by witnesses, to ail appearance credible, as dead and he mourns for his great loss accordingly. Would not a merchant feel to all intenta and purposes a ruined man, if he received a clear intelligence from different parts of the world at once that all his ships and warehouses had been deatroyed by hurricanes and fire ? 1 Faith given, patience fbilows and the triai is morally the same, whether the news be true or false. Remarkably enough, after the calamitous time is paat, when the good man of Uz is discerned as rewarded by heaven for hia patience by the double of everything once lost-his children remain the same in number, ton. It aeema to me quite possible that neither camels, o., ndr chiidren, really had been killëd. Satan might have meant it so, and sohemed it and the singly ooming messengers believed it,all, a@aaiso did the well-enduring Job. But the scriptural word does not go to say that these things happened but that certain emissaries aaid they happened. 1 think the devil missed hia mark-that the messengers were soared by aome abortive diabolic efforts and that with a natural increase of camels, o., meanwhile the patriarch's paternal heart was more than compensated at the last by the restora-tion of his own dear children. They were dead, and are alive again they were lost, and are found. Like Abraham returning from Mount -Calvary with Isaac, it was the résurrection in a figure. If to this view. objection is made, that, because the boils of Job weré reàl, therefore similarly real. must be all his other evils I reply, that in the one temptation, the su@Sering.waa to .be mental in the other, bodily. In the latter case, positive personal pain was the gist of thé matter-in the former, the heart might be pierced, and the mind be overwhelmed, withôut the necessity of any such incurable a@@miction as thé chil-dren's deaths amount to. God's mercy may well have, a@Howed thé evil one to overreach himself and when the restoration came, how double was the joy of Job over these ten dear children 1 Again, if. any one will urge that, in the common view of the case, Job at the last. really bas twice as manyohiidron as bëfot-e, for. that he has ten old ones in heaven, and, ten new ones on earth,-I must, in answer, 'think that explanation as urisatisfaotory to us as thé. verity of it would have been. to Job. A@nection, human affection, is not so numerically nor vicariously consoled-and it is, perhaps@ worth whilo hère to have thrown out what 1 suppose to be a new view of the case, if@ocly@to rescue suoh weaith as cbildren from the in@Sdel's sneer of being confounded with suoh wealth as oamels. Mbreover, suoh a paternal reward was an-toriorly more probable. THE OROOK OT GOLD, ETC. TnE origin of the Crock of Gold is so well given in a preface, written by Mr. Butler of Philadelphia, for his Ame@ncan édition of my wbrks in 1851, that 1 choose hère to reproduce it, as below. Our cousins over the water were characteristically .very. fond of the Crock of Gold, and some éditions of Proverbial Philosophy were published by them as by the author of thé @Crock of Gold ' on the title-page, whereof 1 hâve a copy. Moreover, it was dramatised and acted at thé Boston Muséum, Tremont Street -a playbill which 1 have announcing thé twenty-@nrst représentation, November i, 1845 the writer sent it to me in MS., where it lies among the chaos of my papers. In Eng-land it bas been issued five times in various forms, and a printed play thereof as.adapted by Fitzball, who wrote for Astley's and thé like, was acted without my leave asked or granted in November 1847, at thé City of London Theatre in the East End 1 did not stop it, as on a certain private sorutiny 1 saw that the in@nuenoo of the play upon its crowded audiences seemed a good one. Unseon and unknown in a private box 1 noted the touching e@neot@of@Graoo'a Psalm ch. viii. and .the. sobs and teara all over thé théâtre that accompanied it se it waa a wladom not to interfère with such whole-CHAPTERXV. soine popularity and wholesale good-doing. It was a fair method of preaching thé Gospel to the poor, for that crowd-was of the humblest. Thé Croek of Go!d bas been translated complete as a ~ 6M~e oM both in French and German by news-papers and 1 have copies somewhere, but I know not who wrote the French, the German authoress having been the Fraulein Von Lagerstrom. What Mr. Butler says in his préface, no doubt after speech with me, for 1 was his visitor at the time in 1851, is this -@A@U who have had the good fortune to meet Mr. Tupper during his visit here have been struek with his characteristic impulsiveness. In accordance with this feature of his miud, nearly all of his most successfui performances have been occasioned by something alto-gether incidental and unpremeditated-the result of an impulse acoidentalIy-sba@U we not say, providentially ? 1 -imparted. It was so with the @Ërst work in this series four volumes respocting the composition of which@ho bas given to me in conversation the following account. Some years ago he purobased a house at Brighton. While laying out the garden, he bad occasion to have several drains made. One day observing a workman, Francis Suter, standing in one of the trenches wet and wearied with toil, Mr. Tupper said to bim in a tone of pleasantry, 'Vouidn't you like to dig up there a orock full of gold?@@'If I did,' said the man, 'it would do me no good,.because merely @nnding@it would not make it mine.@@ But suppose you could not only find such a treasure, but might honestly keep it, wouidn't you think yourself lucky@ -'Oh yes, Bir, I suppose 1 should -but,' after a pnuse, 'but 1 am not so sure, sir, that it is the best thing that could happen to me. 1 think, on the whole, I would rather have steady work and fair wages all the season than find a crock of gold.' Here was wisdom. The remark of the honest trench-digger at once set iu motion a train of thought in the mind of the author. Ho entered his study, wrote in large letters on a sheet of paper these words, THE OBOOK OF GoLD, a Tale of Covetousness,' and in less than a week that remarkable story was written. By the advice of his wife, however, he spent another week in rewriting it, and then gave it to the world in its finished state. In the same Butlerian volume occurs the following MS. notice writton by me in about 1853 respecting the origins of my two other taies, the three being issued together@@ As in the instance of my @Crock of Gold,' both 'Thé Twins' and @Heart' were undoubtedly the out-come in after years of early observations, anecdotes, and incidents, whereof memory kept in silence an expérimental record. Very few artists succeed in the deliueation of life without living models but no good one servilely will betray the forms they rather get hints from than actua@Uy copy. Thug though 1 sketched Roger Acton from ono Robert Tunnel, -an Albury labourer, and took the cottage near Postford Pond as his home,-adding thereto Mr. Campion's park aud house@at Danney, near Hurst I was then living at Brighton as the model for Sir John Vincent'a estate,-as well as Grâce, Bon But'ke, and so on @@om persons 1 I had soen,-1 need not say that my sketches from nature were but outlines to my @Rnished work of art. Simon Jenn@mgs, however, is an exact portrait of a man 1 knew at Brighton. So aiso with these taies, and others of my writings. About The Twins a curious and somewhat awk-ward coincidence happened, in the fact that my totally ideal characters of Général Tracey and his family were auppoaed to be intended for some persons whom the cap it seems fitted pretty accurately, and who then lived at the southern watering-place 1 had too diaphanously depicted as Burleigh-Singleton. It is somewhat dangerous to invent blindly. However, my total innocence of any. intentional allusion to .private matters whereof 1 was entirely ignorant was set clear at once by@an@explanatory letter ànd so no harm resulted. In the case of Heart Bimilarly, I invented'the bank-ruptcy of a certain Austral Bank, which at the time of my tale's publication had no existence,-thé very name having been taken soine, years after. This is another instance of the literary perils to which imàgioative authors -may be subject for @litera @@@M~ x manet@, espe-cially if in printer's ink, and,@for aught I know, that offhand word might be. held a continuous libeL@ For all else, by way of notice, the etories apeak for them-selves as, Covetousness was the.text ibr. The@Crook of Gold, while Ooncealment and False. Witness are severally the MKM'c~6 of Thé Twins and Heart. 1 once meditated ten tales, on the Ten Commandmenta, these three being an instalment and I mentally. sketched my fourth upon Idolatry, Thé Pfior of Marrick, but nothing came of it. The Deoalogue hangs together as a whole, and cannot be cut into ten distinct subjeets without reference to one another. In thé chapter headed Thé @Ènd of the Hear@Uess, 1 find a manusoript note perhaps worth printing here If 1 had been gifted with the true prophetie power, horeaboùts should my heartless hero have stumbled on a big nugget of gold I wrote before tbe Australian gold discovery , even as the shrewd Defoe inventéd for his Robinson Crusoe in Juan Fe@mandez, where gold bas not yet been found, though it may be. However, 1 did not origiually make the splendid guess, and will not now in a.future, edition surreptitiously interpolate such a suggestive incident, after the example of dishonest Murphy in bis prognostic of that coldest January yth. It may be true enôugh that, for my story's saké, 1 may wisb I had thought of such a not unlikely find for the uselesaness of the mere metal to a positively starv-ing man in the desert might.have furnisbed comment analogous to what was uttered by 'l'imon of Athens i and would have been picturesque enough and character-istic withal. Hère may follow a bit of notice for each tale from two critics of eminence, as copied from oue of my Archive-books, for memory is treachèrous, and 1 must not invent. Of thé Crock of Gold Mr. Ollier wrote as follows A story of extraordinary power, and, which is a still greater eulogy, of power dévoted to a great and bene-ficént purpose.. Mr. Martiti Tupper the author is already known to the world by his @Proverbial Philo-sophy,' and other works whioh indicate an extraordi-narily gifted mind and an originality of conception and treatment rare indeed in thèse latter days,-but he bas never demonstrated thèse qualities to suoh perfection as in his present deeply interesting work, wherein romance is united to wisdom, and both to practical uttlity. Terror is 'there in its sternest shape-the hateful lust of go1d is shown in all its bideous deformity and inconceivable meanness, and through the awful suspense that hovers over the incidents, occasional gleams of pure and hallowed love come to humanise the darkness. This is one of the few @notions conatructed to stand the shocks of@time. And-of the other talea we @nnd the following from the peu of the@ceJebrated Mr. St. John, when he was editor of the @Sunday T~M@@~. He speaks of thé three tales together -@In every page of this work there is something which a reader would wish to beair in his memory for ever. For power of auimated description, for eloquent reilec-tions upon the events of everyday life, and for soft, touching, pathetic appeals to the best feeliugs of the heart, these tales are worthy of a place on every library table in the kingdom. They are well calculated to add to the author's already establisbed réputation. Of this trilogy of tales, undoubtedly the best is th~ Crock of Gold Thé Twins, though written from living modela, is very inferior, as thé hero is too goody-goody und the vitîain too hopelessly wicked Heart has more merit, and bas been .much praised by a cele-brated authoress for its touching chapter on Old Maids. Much of it also is autobiographioal, as with Thé Twins. ~Esop SMiTH's RIDES AND REVERIES is one of the books whicL, really written by me from beginning to end, is nominally only edited. It is a volume of aelf-experiences, to be read through the @Unes,@@and almost every incident and character therein is drawn from living models aud actual facts. It grew naturally out of the simple circumstance that 1 used daily to ride out alone on one of my horses-more exactly, mares-Miuna and Brenda, and jotted down my cantering -fancies in prose or verse when 1 got home. Hurst Blackett were its publishers in 1858,-aud it soou was ail sold off, but did not. come to a second edition in London, though reproduced widely in New York aud Phiiadelphia. The fact is that, between an indepeudent publisher who sells a little over cost prico, and a G,ar-gantua purchaser of thousands at a time, like Smith or Mudie, the poor author is sacrificed be bas receivéd 'hia fee for the édition I got ~100 for tbis @nrst and only and fbrtbwith @nndB himself dismissed, while thé readiug publie is made glad by easy perusal instead of costly purohase and thus he is cheated of bis second edition. Most authors know. how their interests are affeoted wholesale by tbat mode@m systetnof@Bubscription libraries but oheapness pleaBes the voracious multitude, CHAPTER XVI. ~!SOP SMITH. and so in this compétitive free-trade era thé units who feed those devourers are swallowed up themselves. However, what must be, must,oA~ M?'o~ ~ M'a,-and 1 care not even to complain of what cannot be helped, and wins fame to the one, whilst it does good to the many, though @Ruancially unprofitable to indi-vidual authorship. In the scarce copy of JEsop Smith now before me, I find a few manuscript notes of mine perhaps worth transcribing. One has it, This book is actually auto-biographical but as Rabelais did I often mix up irre-levant and extraneous matter by way of gilding pilla, c., and that c. is like one of Coke's upon Littleton, full of hints to be amplified. Further, Let readers remember that this book was writtèn and published long before recent changes in our lawa of marriage and divorce and libel also when no Englishman dared to go bearded, and no civilian was permitted to be armed. In advocaay of all these things and many more, then unheard of but now common, 1 waa in advanoe of the age and in some degree my private notions conduced to very wholesome public chauges. Again When Rabelais is di@~use, or a buffoon, or worse, it may be to throw disputers off the scent as to his real mark of satire or philosophy. Perhaps, like Liguori, ~!sop has written a book- for the sake of a sentence, aud veils his true iutent in a designéd miat of a@U sorts of miscellaueous matter. 1 shan't tell you olearly, but you may guéss for yourselves. The book includes a hundred and thirt.y original fables, easayottes, anecdotes, tirades, aongs, and musings, all of whioh ,throngod my brain tts I cantered aibng, nnd were set dpwn in blaok and white as soon as 1 got home. Stay some were even penoilled in the saddle,-in especial this, which became very popular afterwards, particularly in the charming musical composition thereof by Mrs. Stafford Bush, and as sung by Mr. Fox at St. James's Hall and elsewhere. It was printed in an earliest edition of my BaIIads and Poems Hall Virtue , and is headed there, Written in the saddle on the crown of my hat. I reproduce it here for thé sake of that heading, though it occurs also in my extant volume of poems without it @@The @@@F~ Gallop.@ At llve on a dewy morning, Before the blaze of day, To be up and off on a high-mettled horse, A@U oare and danger scorning, Over the @@MUs away,-To drink the rich sweet breath of the gorse, And bathe in the breeze of the downs.-Hal man, if you oan,-match bliss like this In ail the joya of towns 1 With glad and grateful tongue to join The lark at his matin hymn, And theaoe on faith's own wing to spring And sing with ohe@mbim 1 To pray from a deep and tender heart. With all things praying anew, The bjh'da and the bees and the whisporing trees, And heather bedropt with dew.-To be one with those early worshippers, And pour the oarol too t Then off again with a slaekèned rein And a bounding heart within, To dash at a gallop over the plain Health'a golden oup@to@wint 1 Thia, this is the race for gain and graoe, Rioher@than vases and orowns i ï. And you that boast your pleasures the most Amid the steam of towns, Corne taste true bliss in a morning like this, Gallopicg over the downs 1 Among thé most notable prose pieces though it is of little use to refer my readers to a book hopelessly out of print there may be selected my panacea for Ireland, to wit, a Royal Residence thore to evoke the loyalty of a warm-hearted people,-I called my fable The Un-sucned Corner 1 mean to quota some of it in a future political page of this book. Also other papers, as Bits of Bibbon ' suggesting as just and wise the more pro-fuse distribution of honours,-in particular recommend-ing an Alfred or an Albert Order. AIso, many of my Rifle ballads,-whereof. more anon. And Thé Over-sharpened Axe @applicable to modern Boardschool Educationals attd Colonel Jade's matrimonial tirades, all real life- and The Grumbling Gimlet@ a fable on Content, c. o. With plenty more notabilia-which those who have the book can tu@m to if they will. 1 could @611 many pages with the critiques @pro@ and @con@ this queer book has provoked, but it is usoless now that the world bas let it die. CHAPTER XVII. STEPHAN-LANGTON-ALFRED. I WBOTE Stephan Langton, a Story of the Time of King John, because, ist, 1 had littio to do in thé country adiy, 1 wished to give some special literary lift to Albury and its neighbourhood, more@particularly as my story had a geographical connection with Surrey 3d!y, I had the run of Mr. Drummond's library, and consulted there some 300 'voluoies for my novel so it waa not an idle work though a rapid one 4t@My, I wanted to show-that though in a Popish age Englànd's heart, and especially Langton's, was Protestant, quite a précursor of Luther. As this book is extant, at Lasham's, Guildford, 1 refer my readers to it. One curions matter is that my ideal scènes, hâve taken such hold upôn my neighbourhood that streams of touriata come codstantly through Albury to visit Thé Silent Pool and other sites of scenes invented by me, and@have@therebyènriohed our village inn aud thé @nymen, as well as givon to us a new sort ôf fame. Thé book, so cheap in the Guild-ford édition, was origina-Uy published by Hurst-Btapkett! m 2 vols., illustrated by Cousins that édition is very scarce now. Thé tragedy at the Silent Pool and the ~M~. are perhaps the most dràmatto scènes in thé book~ -M the Robin Hood gathering in Combe Valley is the most picturesque. I quote a few particulars from one of my diaries. This book tended to olear my brain of sundry fancies and pictures, as only the writing of another book could do @that@. Its seed is truly recorded in the @nrst chapter as to the two stonë coffins still in the chancel of, St. Martha's. 1 began the book on November 26, t8@~, and finished it in exactly eight weeks, on January 21, 1838, reading for the work included. In two months more it was printed by Hurst Blackett. I intended it for one full volume, but the publishers preferred to issue it in two scant ones it has since been reproduced by Lasham, Guildford, in one vol., at one-and-sixpence it was i4s. 1 consulted and partially read for it as 1 wanted accurate pictures of John's reign in England the histories of Tyrrell, Hollingshed, Hume, Poole, Markland, Thomson's Magna Charta, James's Philip Augustus, Milman's Latin Ohristianity, Hallam's Middie Ages, Maimbourg's Lives of the Popes, Ranke's Life of Innocent III., Maietiand on the Dark Ages, Ritson's Life of Robin Hood, Salmon's, Bray's, and Brayley's Surrey, Tupper's and Duncan's Guernsey, besides the British and National aud other Enoyclopsedias and Diotionarioa as required. It was a work of hard and quick and fervid labour, not an idle pièce of mere brain-spinning, a.nd@it@may@be@dopended on for archoeological accuracy in every datail. More than thirty localities in our beautiful oounty Surrey are painted in thé book of other parts of England twelvo ,of Franco and Italy twelve there are more than twenty historical characters honestly as I judge depicted and aome @Rfteen idéal ones fairly enough invented as accessories I preferred Stephan to the commoner Stephen, for etymological and archesological reasons it is clearly nearer the Greek, and is spelt so in ancient records. KING ALFRED'S OWN PoBMS. One of the rarest of thé books 1 have written if any bibliomaniac of some future âge desires to collect them must always be KIng Alfred's Poems, now first turned iuto English mètres for the little volume was privately printed by Dr. Allen Giles, the édition being only of 250 copies, which soon vanished@ a few of them bearing Hall Virtue's name on a new title, and being dated 1850,-thé majority hailing from the private press aforesaid. 1 constructed it purposely for the Jubilee Edition of the Works of King Alfred, learning as well as I could by the help of Dr. Bosworth's Dictionary and a Grammar in a few weeks a little Ahglo-Saxon,-and I confess considerably assisted by Mr. Fox's prose translation of Boethius. There are thirty-one poems in ail, some boing of Alfred's own, but the major part ren-dered by thé wise king out of Latin into the language of his own people to help their teaching. I tu@med it into English verse in thirty-one different metres, eaoh boing as nearly as I cduld manage iu the rhythm of thé original there were no rhymes in those days allitération was the only sort of jingle in thé judgment of Mr. Fox and somo other Anglo-Saxon critica my version was fairly close, and for thé poetica! part@of my own production at least nothing is of the alipshod order of@hatf@rhymes or alternate prose and verse-too ooûtmon, especially in pur hymnology-but honest double rhym-ing thrpughout. Without transcribiag thé little volume I could not give a true idea of it but here shall corne three or four samples Here is a verse of anotber 0 Thou that art Maker of heaven and earth, Who steerest the stars, and hast given them birth, For ever thou reignest upon Thy high throne, And turnest all swiftly the heavenly zone, c. Yet another @@What@is a man the better, Though he be gainful getter WitheverykindweUaIlod And though for him be tillèd Again -@@@have wings liké a bird, and more awi@@My oan fly Far over thia earth to the roof of the aky, And now must I feather thy fanoies, 0 mind, To leave the mid earth and ita earthlings behind, o. And for a last word@@ Thus quoth Alfred-' If thou growést old And@ha9t@no@pleasure,@spit@oof@weal@and@gold, Lo,Isangoheerily In my bright days,-But now all wearily Ohaunt@i@my@lays,-Sorrowing tearfully, Saddest of men, Can I sing cheerfully As@@lcould@then? o. o. A man of worldly mould, Of riohest gems and gold, Of goods in ripe array, A thousand fields a day o. And goest weak,-then thank thy Lord for this, That He hath ~ent thee hitherto muoh bliss, For life and light and pleasures past away And say thou, Come and weloome, come what may.@ These are little bits taken casually to each of the poems 1 have added suitable comment in prose. Mr. Bohn in his well-known series bas added my verse to Mr. Fox's prose Boet@Mus. The AngIo-Saxon préface to that volume commences thus A@I ed, King, was the translator of this book and from'book-Latin turned it into Old English, as it is now done. Awhile he put word for word awhile sense for sense. He learned this book, and translated it for his own people, and turned it into song, as it is now done. His Old English song, that is, Anglo-Saxon alliteration, is all now modernised in this curious little book of English metres. It was well praised by many critics but at present is out of thé market. When 1 am translated myself, all these old works of mine will rise again in a voluminous complete édition. The Alfred Jubilee, on that great king's thou-sandth@year, 1848, is one of thé exploits of my literary life, undertaken and accomplished by Mr. Evelyn, the brothers Brereton, Dr. Giles, and myself in thé year 1848, ohiefly at Wantage, where Alfred was born. We arranged meetings and banqueta in several places, notably Livorpool, where Mr. Bramwell Moore, the mayor, gave a great feast in commemoration, a medal was struok, thé Jubilee édition of King Alfred's works was at least begun at Dr. Oiles's private printing-press, whilst at Wantage itself 20,000 people @ooUeotod @@om all parts for old English games, speeohes, appropriate sbhgs, such as To-day is the day of a thousand years from my pen, collections for a local school and college as a lasting mémorial, and-to please the commonalty-a gorgeous procession and an ox roasted whole, with gilded horns and ribbons,-the huge carcase turned like a hare on a gigantic spit by help of a steam-engine before a furnace of two tons of blazing coal and that ox waa consumed after a most barbarie Abyssinian iashion in the open air. My Anglo-Saxon Magazine came out strong on the occasion,-but it'is obsolète now and 1 care not to use up space in reprinting patriotic indigna-tion for lot me state that, considered as a national commemoration of the Great King, the chief founder of our liberties, this Wantage jubilee was all bat a failure the British lion slumbered, and it was flogging a dead horse to try to wake him up very iew of the magnates j'eaponded to our appeal but we did our best, neverthe-less, as independent Englishinen, and locally achieved a fair@success. If 1 went into the whole story with anecdotical détail, I should weary my reader lot me only reproduce my song at the grand Liverpool banquet, by way of ending cheerily. 2 e~y~'a ~otM !M ~y M'A To-day is the day of a thousand years t BIesa it, 0 brothers, with heart-thrilling oheers 1 Alfred for ever t-to-day was He bora, Day-star of England, to herald her morn, That, everywhere breaking and brightening soon, Sheds on us now the full sunshine of noon, And f@uis us with blessing in Oh@woh and in State, Child-ren of Alfred, the Ctood@ahd thé Great t C! oMM,-Hail to hi6 Jabilee Day, The@Day@of@a@thousand@yea@M. Anglo-Saxons -in love are we me@~ To honour a Name we oan never forget t Father, and Founder, and King of a race That reigns and rejoioea in every place,-Root of a tree that o'ershadows the earth,. First of a Fanuly blest from hia birth, Blest in this stem of their strength and their state, Alfred the Wise, and the Good, and the Great@ @C~o@@nM,-Hail to his Jubilee Day, The. Day of a thousand years 1 Ohiidren of Alfred, from every clime Your glory shall live to the déathday of Time 1 Hereafter in bliss still ever expand O'er measureless realms of the Heavenly Land 1 For you, like him, serve GoD and your Race, And gratefally look on the birthday of Grâce Then honour to Alfred 1 with heal't-stirring oheers 1 To-day is the Day of a thousand years t C! oMM,-Hail to his Jubilee Day, Thé Day of a thousand years t This song waa set to excellent music, and went well, especially in the chorus. Séveral Amerîca.Ds were of our company, in particular, Richmond, a literary friend of mine. At the dinner 1 had to make a principal speech, and my cousin Gaspard of the Artillery now General answered for the Army. UN the three-hundredth anniversary of Shakespeare at Stratford-on-Avon 1 contributed an ode, to be found in my extant book of poems. Among the notabilia of the feastings.and celebration, 1 remember howLord Hough-ton raised a great laugh by his pretendéd indignation when the glee.singers greeted the guests at dinner as Yo spotted snakes with double tongue 1 -Doubtlesa it was a Shakespearean old English piece of music,-but stupidly enough selected for a complimentary greeting. My ode was well received, but l'Il say no more of that, as it can speak for itself. Lord Leigh made us a11 very welcome at his splendid Palladian mansion, and therë 1 met Lord Carlisle, then Viceroy of Ireland, who kindly told me that as he had known my father, and knew me, and my son was then in Ireland he was a captain in thé apth Régiment , he@would put him on his staff, as a third'generation of the name. 1 am not sure if this happened, for my son soon was sent eisewhore and he bas long since gone to the Botter Land. But Lord Carlislè's kindness was all the same. At the ball 1 remember Lord Oarlisle's diamonds hanging like a string of glass chandelier drops at his button@hole with a Shake-speare favour, and jingling perilously for obippingsas CHAPTER XVIII. SHAKESPEARE COMMEMORATION. he danced for size those hal~-dozen Eoh-i-noors must be-foolishiy-invaluable. At Stratford Ohurch, either then or some while after, 1 strangely was the meaus of saving Shakespeare's own baptismal font from destruction, as thus the church had been Il restored,@@@t.6.@, all its béat patina was poliahed away and among thé improvements, I noticed a brand new font. Where is the old one ? 0 sir, the mason who. supplied the new one took it away. So I called and found this font-quite sacred in Shake-spearean eyes as where their idol had been christened-lying broken in a corner of the yard. Thon off 1 went to the rector, I think it was a Mr. Granville, expostu-lating and to make the matter short with some diffi-culty 1 got the font mended and put back again, as it certainly nover should have been removed. 1 have sinoo been to Stratford, and find that they use the new font, and have put the old one in a corner of the nave. An odd thing happened to me in the churcb, where at the vestry 1 had just signed my name as other visitors did. An Amerioan, utterly unknown to me as I to him, came eagerly up to me as I was inspecting that unsatis-factory bust and inscription about Shakespeare, and said, Corne and sea what I've found,-Martin Tupper's autograph,-he must be somewhere near, for ho bas just signed do tell, is he hère ? 1 rather thought he might be. l've wished to see him ever since 1 was a small boy. Do you know him, sir ? We@H, yes, a little. Show him to me, sir, won't you ? 1 l'd@give ten dollars for his autograph. After a word or two more, my good nature gave him the preoious signature without the dollara,-and 1 shan't oasily forget his frantio 'joy, showing the document to all around him,' whilst 1 escaped. Besides a Pindaric Ode to Shakespeare, to be found in my Misoellaneous Poems, wherein many of his char-acters are touched upon, 1 wrote the following sonnet, now out of print ~M. MM~. Went not thy spirit gladly with us then, Most genial Shakespeare -wast thou not with us Who throng'd to honour thee and love thoe thus, A few among thy subject fello~-men ? 1, Yea,-Iet me truly think it for thy heart Though now long since the free-made citizen Of brighter oities where we trust thou art Was one, in its gréât whole and every part, With human sympathies we seem to die, But verily live we grow, improve, expand, When Death transplants us to that Happier Land Therefore, sweet Shakespeare,- came thy spirit nigh, Cordial with Man, and grateful to High Heaven For all our love to thy dear memory given. TRANSLATIONS AND PAMPHLETS. THE best of my unpublished MSS. of any size or conséquence is perhaps my translation of Book Alpha of the Iliad, quite literal and in its original metre of hexameters hitherto 1 hâve failed to find a publisher kind enough to lose by it for there are already at !east twelve English versions of Homer unread, per-haps unreadable. Still, some day 1 don't despair to gain an enterprising Sosius for my literal and hexa-metrical translation is almost what Carthusians used to call Il a crib, and perhaps some day the School Board or their organ, Mr. Joseph Hughes's @Praètical Teacher@, may adopt my version. Its origin and history is this @Rûding winter evonings in the country wearisome to my homeflock, 1 used to read to thein profusely and dis-cursively. Amongst other books, a literary daughter suggested Popo's Homër whioh, as 1 read, after a little while, 1 found to be so very @@ee and incorrect a transla-tion if my memory served me rightiy that 1 resolved to see what 1 could do by reading from the original Greek in its own Euglish metre. 1 soon found it quite easy to be both terse and literal and having rhythm o.nly to care for withôut the tag of rhyme, 1 soon pleased my hearers and in some sort myself, reading o6f thé réel direotly@from the Greek@iuto the English. CHAPTEB XIX. This version is still unblotted by printer's ink if any compositor pleases he is welcomè to work on the copy whieh 1 can supply gratis only I do not promise to do more than 1 have done, Book Alpha. Life is too short for suoh literary playwork. Here followeth a sample quite literal line for line, almost word for word my translation renders Homer exactly. I choose the short bit where Thetis pleads with Jove for her irate son, because I am sure Tennyson must have had this passage in his mind when hé drew his word-picture of Vivien with Merlin. But now at length thé tweifth morn from the first had arrived and returning Came to Olympus together the glorious band of immortals, Zeus the great king at their head. And Thetis, remembering thé oravings Of her own son, and his olaims, uprose to the surface of ocean@ And through the air @Bew swift to high heaven, asàending Olympus. There she found sitting alone on the loftiest peak of thé mountain AJl-seeing Zeus, son of Kronos, apart from the other oelestials. So she sat@closely beside him, embraoing his knees with her left hand, v While with her right she handled his beard, and tenderly atroked'it, It, Whispering thus her prayer to Zeus, the great king, son of Kronos, o. o.. Let that Bu@@mce with a coe~ct e~MM~. 1 need not say that 1 have written innumerable other@ translated pièces, from earliest days of séhool .exercise@ to thèse prosent. There is scarcely a ôJassio 1 hâve not so tamperod with and. though a poor modern Jioguist I have touched-with dictionary and other help, a few bits of Petrarch, Dante, 6. examplea whereof may be seen in my Modern Pyramid, as already mentioned. SUNDBY PAMPHLETS. My several publications .in pamphlet shape may ask for a page or two,-the chief perhaps and therefore 1 begin with it being my Il Hymn for A@U Nations in thirty languages, issued at the time of the @nrst great ex-hibition in jSgi, due to a letter 1 wrote to the.Bishop of London on November 22, 1850, urging suoh a universal psalm. Mr. Brette@U, a printer, issûed this curiosity of typography for it has all the strange types which the Bible Sooioty could lend and several other@ versions than the fifty published some being duplicated are in a great volume before me, unprinted beeause neither Eugland, nor Germany, nor America could supply types for sundry out-of-the-way languages' contributed by missionaries in the four quarters of the world. My hymn was a simple psalm, so constructed as scarcely to exclude a truth, or to offend a prejudicé with special référence to thé great event of this year, aud yet so ordered tbat it oan nevor be out of season. This polyglot hymn'at thé lowest estimate is a philological curiosity 80 many minds, with such diversity in similitude rendering litërally into ail thé languages of the earth bne'pla@m psalm, a world-wide call to man to render thanks to God, Dr. Wesîoy and several,others contributed the musid, and the best soholars of all lands did the literature thé mère printing of so many languagos@waspl'o.nounoed@a marvel in it@away and 1 hâve a bookfui of notices, pf course Jaudatory, where it was not possible to @Ëud fault with so small a piece of literature. It may be well to give the hymn admission here, as the booklet is execssively searee. The title goes-@A Hymn for all Nations, 185!, translated into thirty languages upwards of fifty versions . Beside this, give from mpmory a Ust of othera. of thé pamphlet sort , perhaps impprfect t. Thé Deaeofated Oharoh, relatiNgtotmcieutAl-Glorious GOD@ oh Thee we cal , Father, Friend, and Judge of ail Holy Saviour, heavenly King, Homage to Thy throne we bring 1 In the wonders ail around Ever is Thy Spirit found, And of each good thing we see A@U the good is born of Thee 1 Thine the beauteoua skill that lurks Everywhere in Nature's worka-Thine is Art, with all its worth, Thine each masteipieoe on earth@ Yea,-and, foremost in the van, Springs from Thee the Mind of Man On its light, for this is Thine, Shed abroad the love divine 1 Lo, our GoD@ Thy ohiidren here From all realms ar@ëgathered near, Wisely gathered, gathering still,-For 'peaoe on earth, towarde men goodwi@lH' May we, with fraternal mind, Bless our brothers of mankind l May we, through redeeming.love, Be the blest of @OD above f bury,-whereofthis matter is remarkable lhadpro-tested against its demolition to Bishop Sumner, and used the expression in my letter that the man who was doing the wroug of changing the old churoh in his park for a new one eisewhere would lay the foundation in his @nrst-born and in his youngest son set up its gâtes Josh. vi. 26 and the two sons of the lord x f the manor died in succession as seemingly was foretold.' 2. A Voice from the Cloister, whereof I have spoken before. 3. A Prophetie Ode@ @happily hindered from prov-ing true, only because the Ri@ne movement drove away those vultures, Louis Napoleon's hungry colonels, from our unproteoted shores. There are also in the poem some curious thoughts about the Arctio Circle, its ïnaguetio heat, and possible habitability aiso others about thought-reading and the liko ail this boing loug in advance of the'age, for that ode was published by Bosworth in 1852. Also, I antieipated then as now-@To fly as a bird in the air Despot man doth dare 1 Hia humbling oumbersome body at length Light as thé lark upapriDg~, Buoyed by tamed explosive strength And steel-ribbed albatross wings 1 With plenty of other curious matter. That ode is extinot, but will revive. 4. So aJso with A Creed, c.@ whioh bears the imprint of Simp@Mn Marshall, and the date 1870. Its ohief peculiarities are summed up in thé oonoluding lines -@So then, in brief, my oreed is truly tMs, Oonsoienoe is our ohief seed of woe or.blisa M God who made all things is to all thinga Love, Balanoing wrongs below by rights above Evil seemed needful that the good be shown, And Good waa swift that Evil to atone While oreatures, link'd together, eaoh with eaoh, Of one great Whole in ohangeful sequenoe teaoh, Life-presenoe everywhere sublimely vast And endiess for the future as the past. For I believe in some future life for the lower animals as well as for their unworthier lord and in the immor-tality of all creation. Some other poems and hymns also are in this pamphlet. 5. My Fifty Protestant Ballads, published@.by Ridgeway, will be mentioned hereafter. 6. Ten Lettera on the Female Martyrs of the Reformation, published by the Protestant Mission. 7 and 8. Haotenus and A Thousand Lines, most whereof are in my Cithara and Misoellaneous Poems. 9. A pamphlet about Canada, and its closer union to us by dint of imperialism and honours, dated several years before these have come to pass. 10. Sundry shorter pamphlets on Rhyme, Model Colonisation, Druidism, Housohold Servants, My News-paper, Easter Island, False Schooling, c. c. Not to mention some sériai letters long ago in the @Times@ about the Coronation, Ireland, and divers other topics. Every author writes to the @Times@. 11. As a matter of course 1 hâve w@ntten both with my name and without it according to editorial rule in many magazines and reviews, froin the @Quarterly@ of Lockhart's time to the jRo@oA of this, not to coun~ numerous reviews of books @@@~c~MM, besides inuumerable fly-leaves, essayettes, sermonettes, c. o., in thé @Roc@h and@elsewhere. 12. I was editor for about two years of an extinct three-monthly, the ~K~~o-~co~ in one of which I wrote nine articles, as the contributions received were inappropriate. I never worked harder in my life but the magazine failed, thé chief reason being that thé monied man who kept it alive insisted upon acceptance when rejection was inevitable. 13. Some printed letters of mine on Grammar, issued in small pamphlet form at the @Practical Teacher@ office and sundry others unpublished, oalled Talks about Science, still in MS. 14' America Revisited, a lecture, in three numbera. of @Golden Hours@. 15. Separate bundles of ballads in pamphlet .fbrm about Australia, New Zealand, Church Abuses, The War, c. c. Besides possibly some other like booklets forgotten. PATERPAMILIAS, GUERNSEY, MONA. WHEN î returned in the autumn of 1855 from my prin-cipal continental tour, wherein for three months 1 had conductéd my whole family of eleven servants inclu-sive ail through the usual route of French and Swias travel,-I committed my journal ta Hatchard, who forthwith published it but not to any signal success,-for it was anonymous, whioh was a mistake however, I did not care to make public by name all the daily details of my homéflock pilgrimage. The pretty little, book with its fine print of thé P@Ma of Gondo as a frontispiece, nevertheless made its way, and bas been inserted in Mr. Gregory's liât of guide-books as a conve-nience if not a necessity to travellers on the same roads, though in these days of little practical use indeed, wherever we stopped, I contrived to exhaust, on the spot all that was to be seen or donc, with the advan-tages of persoual inspection, and therefore of graphie and true description. Thé book has been praised for ita ih-terest and includes divers accidents, happily surmounted, divers exploits in the milder form of Alpine climbing as thé Mauvais Pas, which 1 tou,ch experimentally at the end of Life's Dessous, in Proverbial Philosophy, Séries IV. , divers grand sights, as the Great Exhibition, CHÀPTEB XX close to which we lived for some weeks in the Champs Ëlysëes, and many pleasant incidents, as greetings with friends, old and new, and other usual @memorabilia@. Among these let me mention the honest kindliness of Courier Pierre,-always called Pere by my children, with whom he was a great favourito-thé more readily because he bas long gone to the bourne whenco no traveller returns, so he needs no recommendation from bis late employer. This, then, 1 say is memorable. At Lucerne, as my remittance from Herries failed to reach me, I seemed obliged to make a stop and to return but Pierre objected, saying it was gréât pity not to pass the Simplon and see Milan,-and, if Monsieur would permit him, he could lend whatever was needful, and could be paid again. Certainly I said this was very kind, and ao 1 borrowed at his solioitation -it was ~100, as 1 find by the journal our travel was costing us @~o a week. 'Wo!l, to recount briefly, when, after having placed in our 'ep6f Mf6 Bellinzona, Como, Milan, c. c., I found myself at Geneva, and with remittances awaiting me, my first act was to place in Pierre's hands @~'t0~and when he counted the notes, he said, Sare, there is one five-pound too many.@@ Of course, my worthy Pierre, 1 hope you will accept that as interost.@@@Non, Monsieur, pardon 1 could not, 1 always bring money to help my families -and he would not. Now, if that was not a model oourier, worthy to be commemorated thus,-well, @@hope there are soma othera of hia brethren on the o@@moe-books of Bury Streot, St. James's, who are equallyduteoua and disintorested. Some people are heroes to their valets my worthy help is a hero to me so saithmy journal. Horo'a ànother extraot, after two slight earthquakes at Brieg, and Turtman Turris Magna @@Again a bad accident. One of our spirited'wheelers got his hind leg over the pole in going down a hill at once there was a chaos of fallen horses and entangled harness, and but for the screw machine drag looking both hind-wheels we must have been upset and smashed,-as it was, the sorambling and kicking at @nrst was frightfui but Pater-familias dragged the younger children out into the road, and other help was nigh at hand, and the providential calm that comes over fa@Uen horses after their initiatory struggle was at hand too, and in due time matters were righted that those two fiery stallions did not kick everything 'to pièces, and that all four steeds did not gallop us to destruction, was due, under Providence, to the skill and courage of our good Pierre and the patient Muscate@Ui.@@Baiiways have since superseded all this peril, and cost, and care and trains now go @through@ the Simplon, instead of good horses, six to the heavy carriage, four to the light one, pulling us steadily and, slowly @over@ it thus losing the splendid scenery climaxed by the Devil's Bridge but let moderns be thankful. Paterfamilias's Diary bas long been out of print, and its author is glad .that he made at the time a fu@U record of thé happy past@ and recommends its perusal to any one who can find a copy anywhere. My friend, the late Major Hely, who claimed an Irish peerage, was very fond of this Il Diary, and thought it the best book of travels he had ever read. GUERNSEY. Guernsey is another of the spots where your author bas lived and written, though neither long nor muoh. Ho cornes, as is well known, of an anoient Sarnian family, as mentioned before. As tb any writings of mine about insular matters while sojourning there occa-sionally, they are confined to some druidical verses about certain cromlechs, a few other poems, as one given below- A Night-Sail in the Race of Alderney, @and in chief that in which I Raised the Haro, which saved the most picturesque part of Castle Cornet from destruction by some artillery engineer. Here is the poem, supposing some may wish to see it especially as it does not appear in my only extant volume of poems, Gall Inglis. It occurs I think solely in Hall Virtue's extinct edition of my BaIIads and Poems, 1853, and is there headed 'Thé Clameur de Haro,' an old Norman appeal to the Sovereign, 1850 @@Haro, Haro@ à l'aide,'mon Prince 1 A loyal people calls i Bring out Duke Bollo's Norman lance To stay destruotion'a fell advanoe Against the Castle walls Haro, Haro t à l'aide, ma Beine 1 Thy duteoua children not in vain riëad for old Cornet yet again, To spare it, ere it falls 1 What@ shall Earl Rodolph's sturdy strength, After six hundred yearà, at length Be reckleasiy laid low ? 9 Hia grey maohioolated tower Torn down within one outraged hour By worse than Vandala' ruthless ppwer!-Haro@ a l'aide, Haro 1 Nine years old Cornet for the throne Against rébellion stood alone-And honoured still shall stand, When my antiquarian cousin Ferdinand, the his-torian of Sarnia and our Family Records, saw these lines, he positively made serious objection-. while generally approving them-against my saying six hundred years, whereas, according to him, it was only five hundred and ninety-three@ he actually wanted me to alter it, or at all events insert almost,@@so di@SIcult is it to reconeite literal accuracy with poetical rhyme and rhythm. I seem to remember that ho wrote to the local papers about- this. However, it is some consolation to know that these heartfelt verses forced the War Office to spare Oastle Cornet the Norman appeal by Haro being a privilège of Channel@@.Manders to bring their grievances direct to the Queen in counoil. As 1 have coutinually the honour Monstrari digito pi-eotereuntium in th@@@@@@e@ of a Fidicen, I suppose that poetries in suoh a@self-record as this are not positive For heroism so sublime, A relie of the olden time, Renowned in Guernsey prose and rhyme, The glory of her land 1 Ay,-Iet your science soheme and plan With better skill than so Touch not this dear old barbioan, Nor dare to lay it low 1 On -Vazon's ill-protected bay Build and blow up, as best ye may, And do your worst to soare away Some visionary foo,-But, if in brute and blundering power You tear down Bodolph's granite tower, Defeat and scorn and shame that hour Shall whèlm you like an arrowy shover-JHarot à l'aide, Haro bores-they can always be skipped if they are-so 1 will even give hère a chéerful bit of rhyme which I jotted down at midnight on the deck of a yacht in a half-gale off Oherbourg, when going with a deputation from Guernsey to meet the French President in 1850@ ~t .MJ Mt ? ! Race of ~~ ~M! Sprinkled t@Mok with shining studa Stretches wide the tent of heaven, Blue, begemmed with golden buds,-Oalm, and bright, and deep, and olear, Glory'a hollow hemisphere Aroh'd above these frothing @Boods Right and left asunder riven, As our cutter madly souda, By the fltful breezes driven, When exultingly she sweopa Like a dolphin through the deeps, And from wave to wave she leaps Rolling in this yeasty leaven,-Ragingly that never sieeps, Like the wicked unforgiven 1 n. .Midnight, soft and fair above, Midnight, @Berça and dark beneath,-Ail on high the smile of love, A@U below the frown of death Wayes that whirl in angry apite With a phosphoreaoenti light Gleaming ghastly on the night,-Like thé pallid sneer of Doom, So maliciouB, cold, and white, Luring to this watery tomb, Wherà in fury and in fright Wind@aand@wave@atogether@@Bght Hideousiy amid the gloom,-As our outter gladly sowds, Dipping deep her sheeted boom Madly to the boiling sea, Lighted in thèse furious fioods By that blaze of br@RIia.nt studs, Gliste@mng down like glory-buds On thé Race of Alderney 1 A few more words as to my Sarnian literaria. Victor Hugo, when resident in Guernsey, had greatly offended my cousin the chief of our clan by stealing for his bired abode the title of our ancestral mansion, Haute Ville House and so, when I called on him, the equally offended Frenchman would not see me, though I was in-dulged with a sight of the i~o-A-i~~c wherewith he had fllled his residence, albeit deprived of@aocess to its@inmate. Hugo was not popular among the sixties at that time. Since then, Mr. Sullivan of Jersey published on his deceaae some splendid stanzas in French, whioh by request 1 versified in English so that our spirits are now manifestly @en rapport@. 1 wrote aiso as 1 am reminded an ode on the consé-cration of St. Anne's, Alderney, when 1 accompanied the Bishop to tbe ceremony and some memorable stanzas about the decent expediency of the Bailiff and Jurats boing robed for o@@mcial uniform, since orna-mentally adopted but before 1 wrote they wore mean and undistinguished mufti. 1 had alao much to do on bohaïf of my friend Durham, the soulptor, in the matter of bis bronze statue to Prince Albert,-advocating it both in prose and verse, and being instrumental in getting royal permission to take a duplicata of the great work now at South Konaicgton. My cousin the Bailiff, the late Sir Stafford Carey, dated his knighthood from the inauguration of the statue, now one of the chief ornaments of St. Peter's Port,-the other boing the Victoria Tower, also a Sarnian exploit. ISLE 0F MAN. Under such a title as this, My Life as an Author, that author being chiefly known for his poetry, though he has also written plenty of prose, it is as 1 have in-deed just said not to be reasonably objected that the volume ia spotted with small poems. Still, 1 must do it, if 1 wish to illustrate by verse, or other extracts from my writings published or unprinted , certain places where thé said author bas had his temporary Ao~o~ now one of these is the laie of Man,-where I and mine made a long summer stay at Qastle Mona. The chief literary productions of mine in that modern Trinacria, whose heraldic emblem, like that of ancient Sioily, is the Threo legs of Three promontories, are some antiquarian pieces, principally one on the sepulchral mound of Orry the Dane@@ In fifty keels and five Rushed over the pirate swarm, Hornets out of the northern hive, Hawks on the wings of the storm i Blood upon talons and beak, Blood from their helme to their heels, Blood on the hand and blood on the oheek,-In @Bve and fifty keels@ t 0 neroe and terrible horde That shout about Orry the Dane, OIanging thé ahiold and olashing the sword To the roar of the storm-tost main t And hard on the shore they drive Ploughing through shingle and sand, And high and dry those fifty and @@ve Are haul'd in lino upon land. And ho@ for thé torch straightway, In honour of Odin and Thor,-And the blazing night is as bright as the day As a gift to the gods of war For down to the melting sand And over each flaring mast Those fifty and flve they have burnt as they stand To the tune of the surf and the blast 1 A ruthless, deaperate crowd, They trample thé shingle at Lhane, And hungry for slaughter they olamonr aloud For the Viking, for Orry the Dane 1 And swift has ho flown at the foe-For the olustering clans are here,-But light is the club and weak is the bow To the Norseman sword and spear And-woe@to@the@patriot@Manx, The right overthrown by the wrong,-For the sword hews hard at the stagge@nng ranks, And the spear drives deep and strong And Orry the Dane stands proud King of the bloodstained field, Lifted on high by the shouldering orowd On the battered boss of his shield 1 Yet, though suoh a man of blood, So terribly @Berce and tel!, King Orry the Dame had corne @Mther for good, And governed the clans right well Freedom and laws and right, He sowed the good so~d all round-And built up high in the people's sight Their famons Tynwald Mound It was at Castle Mona that I first met Walter Mont-gomery, who read these very lines to gréât effect at one bf his Recitations, and thereafter produced at Manchester my play of Alfred. He was, amongst other accomplish-ments, a capital horseman, and when he galloped over the sands on hia white horse, he would jump benches with their sitters, calling out Don't stir, we shall clear you@ It would have required no sma@U coolness and courage to have abided his charge, and though I saw him do this once, I question if he was allowed to repeat the exploit. In Douglas was also my artist-friend Corbould, visitit'g at the romantic place of his relatives the Wilsons, who had to show numerous paiutings and relies of John Martin@ with whom in old days 1 had pleasàut acquaint-ance at Chelsea and elsèwbere. 1 remember that ou one occasion when 1 asked him which picture of his own he considered his cAe osMM'6 1 was astonished at his reply, Sardanapalus's death,-and therein his jewels. Martin's Chelsea garden had its walls @@escoed by him to look like views aud avenues,-certainly effective, but rather in thé style of@Grimaldi's garden made gay by artificial @nowers and Aladdin's goms,@@@ A mode Oookayne. At Bishop's Court too we had a very friendly reception from Bishop Powys, and in fact everywhere as usual your oon@ ssor found a cordial author's@weloome@in@Mona. And elders twenty and four He set for the House of Keys, And all was order from shore to shore In the fairest Isle of the Seas Though he came a destroyer, I wist He remained as a ruier to save, And yonder he sieeps in the roadside kist They oall King Orry's Grave. NEVER GIVE UP, AND SOMB OTHER BALLADS. SuNDBY of my short lyrics have gained a great popu-larity in particular Never give up, whereof there are extant-or were-no fewer than eight musical settings. Of this ballad, three stanzas, 1 have a strange story to tell. When I went to Philadelphia, on my @Brat American tour in ï 851, 1 was taken everywhere to see everything amongst others to Dr. Kirkland's vast in-stitute for the insane let me first state that he was not previously told of my coming visit. When 1 went over the various wards of the convalescents, 1 noticed that on each dodr was a printed placard with my Never give up upon it in full. Naturally I thought it was doue so out of compliment. But on inquiry, Dr. Eirk-land didn't know who the author was, aud little suspected it was myself. He had seen the verses, anônymous, in a newspaper, and judging them a good moral dose of hopefulness evon for the half insane, placed thom ou every door to excellent effeot. Whon to his astonish-ment ho found the unknown author bèfore him, greatly pleased, he asked if l would allow the patients, to thank me of course I complied, and soon was surrounded by kneeling and weeping and kisaing folks, grateful for the good hope my verses had helped them to. Aud twenty-CHAPTER XXI. five years after, in 1876,@1, again without notice, visited Dr. Kirkland at the same place, scarcely expecting to find him still living, and certainly not thinking that 1 should see my old ballad on the doors. But, when the happy doctor, looking not an hour older, though it waa a quarter of a century, took me round to see his con-valescents, behold.the same words greeted me @m large print,~a.nd probably are there still the only change being that my name appears ail foot. 1 gave them a two hours' reading in their handsome theatre, and 1 never had a more intense!y attentive audience than those three hundred lunatics. The ballad runs thus,-if any wish to see it, as for the first time@@ Never give up 1 it is wiser and botter Always to hope than once to despair Flihg off the load of Doubt's heavy fetter And break the dark spell of tyrannical oare Never give up 1 or the burden may aink you,-Providence kindly bas mingled the oup, And, in ail trials or troubles, bethink you Thé watchword of' life' muât be Never give up 1 Never give up 1 there are chances and changes Helping the hopeful a hundred to one, And through the chaos High Wisdom arranges Ever suocoss, if you'11 only hope on Never give upt for the wisest is boldest, Knowing that Providence mingles the oup, And of ail maxime the béat as the oldest Is the true watohword of Never give up 1 Never give up@ though the grapeshot may rattle Or the full thunderbolt over you burst, Stand like a rook,-and the storm or the battle Little shall harm you, though doing their worst I can quite feel what a moral tonio and spiritual stimulant thèse sentiments would be to many among the thousand patients under Dr. Kirkland's care. 1 recollect also now, that once when 1 read at Weston-super-Mare, witli Lord Cavan in the chair, a military man among the audience, on hearing me recite Never give up, came forward and shook hands, showing me out of his pocket-book a soiled newspaper cutting of the poem without my name, saying that it had cheered him all through the Orimea, and that he had aiways wished to find out the author. Of course we coalesoed right heartily. Some other suoh anecdotes might bo added, but this is enough. Year by year, for more than a dozon, I have giveaL a harvest hymu to the jubilant agrieulturists they have usually@attained the honour of a musical Retting, and been sung all over the land in many churches. Perhaps the best of them is one for which Bishop Samuel Wil-berforce wrote to thank me cordially for a real Chris-tian hymn with thé true ring in it. There are, or were, many musical sottings thereof, the best being one of a German composer. Never give up t-if Adversity presses, Providence wisely haa mingled thé oup, And the béat oounsel in all your distresses Is the atout watchword of Never give up 1 0 Nation, Christian Nation Lift high the hymn of praise t The@God@of@our@salvation la love in ail HM 'ways He blesseth us, and foedeth Every oreature of His hand, To suooour him that needeth And to gladden all the land. Bejoioe, ye happy people, And peal the ohanging ohime From every belfried steeple In symphony sublime Let cottage and let palace Be thankfui and rejoioe, And woods and hills and valleya Be-eohô thé glad voiae 1 From glen, and plain, and city Let gracions inoense@rise, The Lord of life and pity Hath heard His creatares' cries And where in @neroe oppression Stalk'd fever, fear, and dearth, He pours a triple blessing To @@ml and fatton earth 1 Gaze round in deep emotion The rich and ripened grain Is like a golden océan Sepalm'd upon thé plain And@w@owho@late@were@weepers, Lest judgment should destroy, Now sing, because the reapera Are come again with joy t 0 praise the Hand that giveth, And giveth evermore, To every soul that @Uveth Abundanoe @nowing o'er 1 For every soûl Re @nlleth With manna from àbove, Andover@a@@Udisti@Ueth The unotion of His loye. My Song of Seventy, published more than forty years ago, has been exceedingly popular and I here make this extraot from an early archive-book respecting it@@ Dr. Stanley, Bishop of Norwich, waa so pleased with this said @Song of Seventy' that he posted off to Hatcharda' forthwith after seeing it quoted anony-mously in the ~~CKCMMM to inquire thé author's name. It was pu@Mished in One Thousand Lines. I composed it during a solitary walk near Hurstperpoint, Sussex, in 1845, near about when 1 wrote Never give up. Of my several ballads upon Gordon I think there were nine of them 1 will here enshrine one, printed in the newspapers of May 1884, and perhaps worthiest to be saved from eTaneecenco Then gathér, Chriatians, gather, To praise with heart and voice The gcod Almighty Father Who biddeth you rejoioe For He hath turned the sadness Of His ohiidren into mirth, And we will sing with gladnesa The harvest-home of Earth. If England had but spoken With Wellesley's lion roar, Or @Bung ont Nelson's token Of duty as of yore, We should not now, too late, tpo late, Be saddened day by day, Dreading to hear of Gordon'6 fate, The viotim of delay. He@feit in isolation 1 CM .BM KMMM tMNt,' And ev'n with savage brothers This waa half prophetio at the time, and we all have grieved for Eugland's Christian hero ever since. When Lord Shaftesbury's lamented death lately touched the national heart, I -felt as othe@M did and uttered this.sentiment accordingly Grieve not for him, as those who mourn the dead He lives@ Ascended from that dying bed, Clad in an inoense-oloud of hunian love, And as his feet entered the golden dodr, With him @new in loud blessings of the poor While in a thrilling chorus from below-Millions of ohildren, saved by him from woe, With their sweet voioes joined the seraphim Who thronged in rapturèd haste to weloome him t For God had given him graoe, and place, and@power To bless the destitute from hour to hour And from a ohild to foursoore years and four, A@U knew and loy'd thé Helper of the poor, And trusted his gréât nation Right sure that help would come Could he have dreamt that British power Whioh plaoed him at @Ma post, In perii's long-expeoted hour Would leave him to be lost 1 He lives alone for others,-Himself he soorns to save, Will share their bloody grave 1 Woe@ voe to@us@ should England's glory, To our rulera' blame, Close gallant Gordon's wondrous story, England@ in thy shame. 6~0~ ~tfJ. His happy apirit met the blest above 0 ooal-pit woman.ala.ve 1 0 fadtory ohild 1 0 famished. beggar-boy with hunger wild 1 0 resoued outeast, torn from sin and shame 1 Ye know your friend-by myriads bless his name 1 We need not utter it-The Good, The Gréât, These are his titles in that Blest Estate. 1 was much toubhéd and pleased with this little anecdote to the purpose. Speaking casually to a bright-looking boy of thé Shoe@Mack Brigade about Lord Shaftesbury the boy@didn't know me from Adam , to find out how far ho felt for his lost friend, with tears in his eyes he quoted to my astonishment part of the above, and told me that he and many of his mates knew it by heart, having.seon it in some papet. I never said who wrote it probably he wouidn't have believëd me if 1 had but left him happy with some pears. Ï'erhaps @rmay here add and all this has been part of My Life as an Aùthor a couple of stànzas 1 wrote@ but never have published till now on another worthy~ spécimen of humanity, mourned in death by our highest T~~tto~J?. Simple, pipu@@~honeat.man, C!nld.of heaven w@M!e aon of earth, We would praise, for.praise we oan, Thy good setyi@o~ thy.great worth Through long yeara of prosporéus, plaoe In the sunshine of thé Orp~n, With man's faveur and Ctod's grâce Humbly, braYe!y,.walked'Jô!ih Bro~'a. Faithfùl@to@the@BIameIesaPr@Moe, Faithial to the Widowed ~UBen, Loved,-as oft before and sinoe Truth and zeal hâve ever been,-His@no@pedigree@of@pride, His no name of old renown, Yet in honour lived and died Nature's.nobleman, John Brown. Also, 1 wi@U here give, as it appea.rs nowhere else, a few lines to a dying brother, for the saké of record-ing his hopeful last three words -@Dear Brother .D Mt'~ Za~~ WMsper. @Life unto life l' This was the w@Mapered word That from my dying brother's lips 1 heard .Faintly and feebly uttered, in the strife Of Nature's agony,@ Life-unto-life@@ Yëa, brother@ for thou @Hvest, death is dead, And life rejoiceth unto life instead ¡ No sins, no oares, no sofrows, and no pains,-But deep delights, unutterable gains, Now are thy portion in that higher sphere, The heritage of God's own obildren hère Who loved their Lord awhila on eai'th, and now Live to Him evermore in love-as thou 1 And in this connection 1 will print here. a psycliolo-gical poem of mine, not to be found in any other of my books -~M@tO@~.@ i. When tbe soul passes Ete@mity's portal, In@tha tHereafter@of@B8ing@EIaewhore, When this poor e~rthworm beoomes an Immortal, Risen to Life Incorruptible yhere If in some setnNanoo of spi@nt and feature, StiII to be recognised one and the same, Not in its entity qnite a new créature, But. as a grpwth of thé world whenoe it pâme,-II. Oh, what a river of gladness or sadness Then must gush out from quiok memory's well, Infinite eostasy, uttermost madness, As the quiok conscience greets Heaven-or Hell t Whilst he reviews old scènes and past travels, Grained in himself and engraved on his soul, As the knit robe of his timework unravels And his whole life is unmeshed to its goal. @ni. Yea, for within him, far more than without him, Works ever following, ovil or good, Happiness, misery, oiïciing about him, Plant a man's foot in the soil where he stood If he was sensual, sordid, and oruel, Sensual, cruel, and base let him be, If he have guarded his soul as a jewel, Holy and happy and blessed be he 1 ÏV. For that the seeds both of Hell and of Heaven Darnel or wheat-corn, crowd memory's mart, And though all sin be repented, forgiven, Yet.reooIIectiona must live in the heart Still resurreoted oaoh moment's each aotion Cornes up for.aonsoience to judge it again, Joy unto peaoe or remorse to distraotion, Growing to infinite pleasure or pain. v. Thy many sins were the ruin of others, Though thé ohief ainner's own guilt may be waived What 1 shall the doom of those sisters and brothers Not be a sorrow to thee that art saved 1 Can utter selflshness be Qod's Nirwana, Blest-with our brethren of blessing berefti? 1 Muet not Hia Heaven aeem poorer and vainer, Where one is taken and pthots are left ? 1 YI. Oh, there is hope in His meroy for ever-Yea, for the worst, after ages of woe, Till on this side of the uttermost Never, Even the devils His meroy may know@ Punished and purifled, Justice and Beason Well would rejoice if the Judge on His throne Grant His salvation to all in full season, Ruling, in bliss, all His works as His own. v@u. Every oreature, redeemed and reoovered Through the One aacri@nce offered for ail, Where sin and death so fatally hovered, Meroy triumphant in full o'er the fall t Thus shall old memories harmonise sweetly With the grand heavenly anthem above, As this sad life that was shattered so fleetly, Then is made whole in the Infinite Love. It may count as one of my heresies in an orthodox theological sensé, but I certainly cling to the great idea of Eternal Hope and, after any amount of retributive punishment for purifying thé loat soul, 1 look for ultimate salvation to all God's creatures. This short and partial trial-soene of ours is not enough to make an end with we begin here and progress for ever else-where. Evil must die out, and good must survive alone for ever. ÂMONGt my many fly-leave.9, scattered by@thousands @@om time to time in handbills or in newspapers all over the world, those in which 1 bave praised Protestantism and denounced the disbonesty of. ouc e@cdeaiastic traitors have earned me the highest meed both of glory and shame from partisan opponents. Ever since in my boyhood, under thé ministerial teaohing of my rector, the cele-brated Hugh M'Neilè, at Albury for many years, 1 closed wifh the Eyangelical religion of the good old Low Church type, 1 have by my lifo and writings excited against me the theological hatred of High Churoh, and Broad Church, and No Church, and especially of thé Roman-izers amongst our Established clergy. Sundry religious newspapers and other periodicals, whose names 1 will not @Nazon@by récording, hâve systematically attacked and slandered me @@om early manhood to this hour, and have diligently kept up my notoriety or fame it waa atupid enough of them from their point of view by quips and oranks, as well as by more serious onslaughts, about which 1 am very pachydermatous, albeit there are pasted down in my archive-books ail the paragraphe that have reached me. But, even as in hydraulios, the barder you sorew the greater thé force, so with my combative nature, the more 1 am attaoked the more CHAPTER XXII. PROTESTANT BALLADS. obstinately 1 resist. Hence the multitude and variety of my@polemical lucubrations,-mostly of a fragmentary character as Sibylline leaves some, however, appear in my Il Ballads and Poems among them a famous Do~n with foreign priestcraft, circulated by thousands in the Midlands by an unknown enthusiast ,-and Ridgeway of Piccadilly has published in pamphlet form my Fifty Protestant Ballads and Direotorium, whieh origina@Uy appeared in the @Daily j~6M's and @The Rock. 1 hâve certainly written as many ,more, and among these one which 1 wil.1 hère reproduce as now very scareo, and Jately of somo national importance seeing that it was sent by my friend Admirai Bedford Pim to every member of the two Houses of Législature on the Bradiaugh occasion, and was stated to have turned the tide of@battle in that celebrated case. ~ ~p~,6'o 1 @So help me, God l' my, hearf at every. turn Of life's wide wilde@mess implores Thee still To give ail good, to resoue from@all ill, And grant me grace Thy présence to disoern. @So help me, God l' I would not move a yard Without my hand in Thine to be my guide, Thy love to @Ness, Thy bounty to provide, Thy fostering wing Bproad over me to guard. @So help me, God ' thé motto of my life, In every varied phase 01 chance and change, So that nought happens hère of sad or strange But@'peaoe' is written on eaoh frown of strife. Fot Thou dost@help the man that honoureth Thee 1 Ày, and Thy Christian-Israël of this land That hitherto hath reoognised Thy hand, How blest above the nations still are we 1 Yet now our Senate Bohèmes to spurh aside On false pretence of liberal brotherhood The Heavenly Father of our earthly good, Beoause one atheist hath his God denied 1 What, shall this wrong be done ? Must all of us Groan under ooming judgment for the sin Of welooming avowed blasphemers in To vote with rulers.who misgovern thus 1 So help us, God 1 it shall not England's might Stands in religion praotised and profest For so alone by blessing is she blest, Christian and Protestant in life and light. To gratify an eminent friend who wished not to ex-clude Jews and Mahometans from an open profession of godiiness as they viewed the question, I altered, in subséquent reprints, the last line, Christian and Pro-testant'in life and light, to Loving and fearing God in faith and light though personally my sturdy Orangeism inclined to the original. I will in this place give a remarkable extract in a letter to me from Glad-stone, to whom my faithfulness had appealed, exhorting him, as I often have donc, to be on the right side we know how he quoted Luoretius on the wrong against which 1 wrote a strong protest in the @@~M@M~. I like not to show private letters,-but this is manifestly a public one. He says I thank you for your note, and I oan assure you that I believe the promoters of the Affirmation Bill to be already on thé side you wish me to take, and its opponents to be engaged in doing un-wittingly serious injury to religious belief. It is strango to see how muoh intellectual subtlety combined with interested partisanship can be self-deceived, oven in a man who believes himself and is thought by others thoroughly conscientious. Amongst other of my récent notorious ballads of thé polemic sort, 1 ought to name a. famous couple@ The Nun's Appeal, and Open the Convents -which were written at the request of Lord Alfred Churchill, and given to Edith O'Gorman, the Escaped Nun otherwise the excellent and eloquent Mrs. Auffray , to aid her Protestant Lectures everywhere she bas circulated them over the three kingdoms, and is now doing the like in Australia and New Zealand. In reply to some excellent members of the Romish Church, who have publicly accused me of maligning holy women and sacred retreats, my obvious answer is that 1 contend against thé ovil side both of nunneries and monkeries, whilst 1 may fairly admit some good to be found in both. My real protest is for liberty both to mind and body, and against coercion of any kind, material or spiritual. Given perfect freedom, 1 would not meddle with any one's honest convictions to a nunnery go if thou wilt only let the resolve be revocable, not a doom for over. ONE of my latest publications is that of my Il Trilogy of Plays, with twelve dramatic scènes,-issued by Allen Co., of Waterloo Place. The first of the three, A@I ed, was put upon the stage at Manchester by that ill-starred genius, Walter Montgomery, who was bringing it out also at the Haymarket, a very short time before his laméntable death. He was fond of the play and splehdidiy impersonated the hero-king@ in the opening scène having trained his own white horse to gallop riderless acrosa the stage when Alfred was supposod to have been defeated by thé Danes. The vision in act ii. scène, i. was thrillingly e@neotive, and the whole five acts went very well from begihning to end, the audience being preternaturally quiet,@which disoonoortod me until my theatrioal mentor praised the silence of that vast èrowd, as the best possible sign of sucoess they were held enthralled as one man till the end came, and then came thunder. Not thiuking of what was expeoted of me in thé way of thanks for the ovation their concluding cheers assailed me with, I got out of the theatre aa quick as I could, and was haïf way to my hotel when two or threo~exoited supers rushed after me with a Good God, Mr. Tupper, come back, come back, or the place will be torn downt so of CHAPTER XXIII. PLAYS. course I hurried to the front-to encounter a tumult of applause althôugh 1 must hâve looked rather ridiculous too, orossing tho stage in my American cloak and brandishing an umbrella 1 However, no one but myself seemed to notice the incongruity, and as 1 had humbly obeyed the people's will, they gonerousiy con-doned my first transgression. I ought to record that my heroine Bertha was charmingly acted by Miss Henrietta Hodgson, now Mrs. Labouchere, who will quite recollect'her early triumph in Martin Tupper's first play. My best compliments and kindly remem-brance 1 hère venture to'offer to her. The second play, Baleigh, is very di@SërëntIy con-structed for whereas the time of action ih Alfred was three days,-that of Raleigh was sixty years in fact with the former I ,dramatised a single conquest, with thé latter the varied battles of a long life. I hâve several times read ail my plays before audiences at my readings, and know thé points that tell. In Raleigh tho introduction o~ Shakespeare, the cloak incident, tho trial, scène, Eliza~eth's doath, and thé terrible climax of the 'noble victim'a exécution on the stage, seemed chiefly to intérest and excite the audience. 1 wroto Washington prinoipal!y to please my. many 'friends in America, whither 1 was going for'a second time but it rather damped me to @nnd~ when at Philadelphia during its Grand Exhibition, and waa giving Beadings out of my own Works through@tha Star Company, that my eM~6pMM6M~'BtbutIy objected to my proposal to read this new play@of mine,@with thé remark,@ No, sir, our people rare tired of Geôrge Washington,-he's@q@mt@oplayod@out give us anything eise of yours you like. As he was my finanoial pro-vider, and paid well, of course 1 had'to acquiesce. Perhaps the most interesting thing in the play was the account of my discovery of Washington's heraldry hère is part of the passage the whole being too long to quote one asks' Ooat-of-anna ?-what waa this coat-of-arms@ and Franklin answers,-l'UteUyou.Menda, l've searched it eut and known it for myself, When late in England there, at Herald's Oollege And found the Washingtons of Wessyngton In county Durham and of Sulgrave Manor, County Northampton, bore upon their shield Three stars atop, two st@npes aoross the field Gules-that is red-on white, and for the orest An eagle's head upspringing to the light, It's motto, Latin, Issue proveth aots. The architraves at Sulgrave testify, And sundry painted windows in the hall At Wessyngton, this was their fanuly ooat. They took it to their new Virgin@um home And at Mount Ye@mon I myself have noted An old cast-iron soutohëoned ohimney-tack Oharged with that heraldry. In my first American Journal will be fouud more, about this disoovery of mine-in 1851-then quite new even to Americana. Here in London, Mr. Tu@@Sey of Chelsea and Northampton bas popularised the original coat-of-arms with a view to ornamental jewellery for our Transa.tlantiic coasins. Among my twelve dramatic scènes, the most ap-propriate to mention in thie volume of peraonalia, are the two which détail certain periloua matters a@neoting the. lives of two anoient anoestora~ the one on my mother's aide, the other on my father's. The latter records the historie incident whereby John Tupper saved the Channel Islands for William and Mary re-ceiving from them a gold oollar and medal, now in our heraldry and enabling Admirai Russell to win hia naval victory at La Hogue, The former shows how nearly an Arthur Devis at Preston paid the penalty of death owing .to his strange resemblance to Charles Edward the Young Pretender, for whom the savage Government of the time offered a reward of ~30,000 to any one who could catch him alive or dead. My mother's ancestor was thus very nearly murdered in !74@ for his good looks, as a life-sized portrait at Albury, and an ivory miniature here at Norwood, help to prove. If any wish to know more about these matters, 1 dare say that Messrs. Allen aforesaid have @one@ copy left if not, con-sult Mudie, that virtuous philanthropist who benefits thé reading public at the cost of the private author. CHAPTER@XXIV. ANTIQUARIANA. Mv most literary autiquarianism was an article 1 wrote for the @Quarterly Review@ on Coins, accepted by Look-hart and inserted in one of the Nos. for 1843 he protested that I could not be the Proverbial Philoso-pher, as my looks were too like@Da.vid's.-it@must be my father.@@No, I replied, it is my father's son. However, when he read and approved my Coin article, he began' to be convinced. 1 give here his letter to me on his aoceptance -@SiR,-1 am at present terribly overburdened with MSS., and know not whether 1 can aend a proof of your paper for some weeks but I like it much, and it shall bo put into type as soon as I oan manage. 1 assure you 1 am greatly pleased, and sincerely your obliged J. G. LOOKHART. SnBSBX PLAOB, .MfMfM'y 16, t843@. 1 expostulated with him as to divers omissions for space' sake, and for some unauthorised alterations but editors are nothing if not autocratie, as we ail know. My article I find it noted was written on the numis-matio works of Cardwell and of Akerman, and took me ton days in its composition. I tried Lookhart with a second article on Ancient Gems, but it failed to please.. I never had an interview with him but once, and then he seemed to me brusque and cynical at @Rrst, warming a little afterwards. 1 have written also on Druidism and the mystery of@Easter Island, which I take to be the remains of a submerged Paoi@nc continent@ with its deified statues on the top of an extinct volcano. And 1 have flung my peu into many other @M@@@~s@ of discussion both old and new for it may be stated as a. feature in my literary life that 1 have bad, one after another, all the ologies on my brain, and have personally made small collections of minerais, fossils, insects, and the like spécial hobbies having been agates picked up in my rambles on every beaoh from Yarmouth to Sid-mouth, and coins at Roman stations wherever I found them besides a host of numismatio treasures bought at Sotheby's auction-room, but long since sold again, as well as sundry Egyptian and other antiquities. In particular, the Roman discoveries at Farley Heath in the neighbourhood of Albury wore mainly due to my juvénile antiquarianism, when as a student along with Harold Browne now Bishop of Winchester we used to soarch for coins there, and found one happy day a GaIIienus ail which 1 recorded years after in a now scarce booklet, Farley Heath, and its Roman Remains, p.ublisbed, with illustrations, by Andrews, 'Guildford. Ultimately the @nnds of coin from Nero to Honoriua , some being rare and @nuoly patinated, as wéll as several small bronzes, and old British money, were given by Mr. Drummond who as lord of thé manor employed labourers in the searoh for many months to the British Muséum, where they fill a niche near thé prehistorio room. Some of our @nnds were very ourious, @e@@.@@ we were digging in the blick mould of the burrit o buts round thé wall-foundation.3 all above ground of said hectagonal wall having since been ruthlessiy utilised by parochial economists in making a road across the heath , and found amongst other spoil a little green bronze ring,-whieh 1 placed on the finger of our guest of the day, Mrs. Barclay of Bury Hill oddly enough it had six angles exactly like one of gold she wore as her wedding-guard. Again we had picked up some pieces of pottery decorated with human @ncger-tips,-just as, modern cooks do with pie-crust a son of mine said, perhaps we shall find a dog's foot on some tile,-and just as he said it, up came from the spàde precisely what he was guessing at, the large foot-print of dog or wolf stamped fifteen centuries ago on the unbaked clay. Again I was leaving for an hour a labourer in whose industry and honesty I had not the fullest faith. So in order to employ him in my absence, I set him to dig up an old thorn bush and told him to give me when I returned the piece of money he would find under it. To my concealed but his own manifest aetonishment, he gave me when I came back a worn large brasa of Nero, saying with a scared face, How-ever could you te@U it was there, sir@ 1 looked wis.e, and said'nothing. Among the rarest copper coins was one of@Carausius our English Carew , with two heads on it symbolling thé ambition of our native usurper to assert em-pire over East as well as West, and among more treasure-trove was a unique gold coin of Veric,-thé Berious of Taoitus as also the rare contents of a sub, terranean potter's oven, preserved to our day, and yield-ing several whole vases. Mr. Akerman of numismatic, fame told me@that out of Rome itself he did not know a richér site for old-world curiosities than Farley in the course of years we found more than 1200 coins, besides Samian ware, and plenty of common pottery, as well as bronze ornaments, enamelled @nbulse, weapons of war, household implements, c., both of the old British and the Roman, the AngJo-Saxon, and more recent periods Farley haviug@been a preetorian station on the Ikenild highway. This is quite a relevant episode of my literary antiquariana. As also is another respecting My Mummy Wheat, a record of which found its way into print and made a stir many years ago. It grew from seeds given to me by Mr. Pettigrew out of an Amenti vase taken from a mummy pit by Sir Gardiner Wilkin-son, and very carefully resuscitated by myself in garden-pots nil@ed with well-sifted mould at Albury it proved to be a new and proli@no species of -the semi-bearded Talavera@kind, aud a longest ear of 8@@@~ inohes in length engraved in an agricultural journal was sent by me to Prince Albert, then a zealous British farmer. Hère I will add a very interesting letter to me on thé subject from Faraday, the original being pasted among my autographs, It will be seen that he excuses having published my letter to him, and refuses to be called Doctor@@ ROYAL INSTITUTION, jMtMtt.lS~a. My DEAR SiB,-Your note was a very pleasant eyent in my day of yesterday, and 1 thank you heartily for it, and rejoioe with you at thé suooesa of the orop. It so happened that yesterday evening waa the last of our meetings, and 1 had to speak in the looture-rootu. Thé subject waa Lithotint but 1 plaoed thé one ear in the library under a glass case@ and after my first subjeot was over read the principal part.of your letter-ali that related to thé wheat and the information was received with great interest by about yoo persons. Our President, Lord Prudhoe, was in the chair, and greatly desirous of knowing the age of the wheat. You know he is learned in Egyptian matters, and was anxious about the label or inscription accompanying the corn. I hope I hâve not done wrong, but I ratber fear your letter will be pub-lished, or at least the wheat part, for a gentleman asked me whether he might copy it, and I instantly gave him leave, but found that he was connected with the press, the @Literary ?oM!cMe@. 1 hope you will not object since without thought on my part the matter bas gone thus far. The news is so good and valuable that I do not wonder at the desire to have it,-Ever your obliged servant, M. FARADAY. M. F. Tupp@BB.Esq., c. o. e. jP.@'S'I@am happy to say that 1 am pla.in Mr. Faraday, and if 1 have my wish shall keep so.-M. F. An early volume of my so-called Critica Egotistica bas many letters and printed communications on this subjoot but as not being a recognised agriculturist my-self, 1 did not wish it called by my name,-so it is oniy kuown in the markets cbie@ny 1 hâve heard in Essex as Mummy Wheat. Taïkiug of declined honours in nomenclature, I mày here mention that a new beetle, found by Vernon Wollaston and urged by him to be named after the utterly unsharded me who had how-ever gratified that distinguished entomologist by my poem on Beetles was respectfully refused the prefix of my name, as scarcely knowing a lepidopt from a ooJeopt. @Ne SM of ultra o~~w. If honour is to be given, let it be deserved. CHAPTER XXV. HONOURS-INVENTIONS. AuTHORSHiP reaps honour in these latter days quite as much as it did in the classic times of Augustns with Virgil and Horace for his intimates, and of Petrarch crowned at the Capitol laureate of all Italy during thé vacancy of a popedom in the Vatican. Not but that, with or without any titular distinction, authorship is practically the most noticeable rank amongst us. Many will pass by a duke who would have stopped and waited to have looked at a Darwin when he was in this lower sphère and I am quite sure that the grand présence of Alfred Tennyson would attract more affectionate hom-age than that of any other ennobled magnate in the land. As to his title, I was glad that his good taste and wisdom elected to be called by his own honourable patronymic rather than haply Farringford or Hazlemere how can great names consent to be eclipsed in such obscure signatures as Wantage or Esher, Hindlip or Glossop, Dalling or Grhnsthorpo ? One geta quite at a loss to know who's who. My letter to the @Times@ of December 10, !883, headed Literary Honours, in praise of Tennyson's elevation to the House of Lords, and showing how in every age all nations except our own have given honours to authors, literally from China to Peru, elioited plenty both of approval and of censure from journal@ of many denominations. As a matter inévitable when Baron Tennyson was gazëtted, the less euphonious Tupper was stigmatised in the papers as desiring to be a Baron too, -at all events, the @Echo@ said so, and the @Globe@ good-humouredly observed that he deserved thé coronet. They little knew that in the summer of 1863 as para-graphs in my tenth volume of Archives are now before me to show the same derided scribe was seri-ously announced as about to be raised to thé peer-age ail over England and America see two available and respectable proofs in the @British Controversialist@ Hpulston Wright for July 1863, p. 79,-and Bry-ant's @Evening Post@ for September 17, 1863. I name these, as the reverse of comio papers,-and publishing what they supposed true, as in fact was told me by the editors when inquired of. At the time I repudiated the false rumour openly~-with all the greater readiness, inasmuch as 1 dispute both thé justice of hereditary honour and thé wisdom of hereditary législation to say less of th@@@@@é angusta e~oM@t which, in our Mam-monite time and clime, obliges money to support rank, oven if, as in sundry late cases of raising to thé peerage, it does not purchase it. It is fair also to state as a iaot, that when. my father for thé second time refused hie baronetcy, I, as eldest son, gave thé oasting vote against myself, not to im-poverish my four younger brothers.-all now gone before me to the botter world,-and that, for reasons 'mentioned above, I certainly could,not take it nov. Let this su@@moe as my@reply'to@some recent sneers and strictures. As for letters of the alphabet attached to one's name, almost any one nowadays may have any amount of them by paying fées or subsoriptions in partioular, America has given me many honorary diplomas. And for the matter'of gold medals, who can'covet them, when oven the creators of baking-powder and sewing-machines are surfeited therewith. My poor Prussian medal looks small in comparison. And then, as for knighthood, that ancient honour bas been lately so abused that vanity itself could scarcely desire it, and even modesty now might hesitate in its acceptance. Albeit 1 have thus spoken only incidentally and with soeming carelessness about 'my Prussian medal, I am reminded that it will interest readers if I here extract thé Chevalier BUnsen's letter to me on the occasion. le runs thus in its integrity 4 CABMON TBMAOB, 26 iStp~ttef t844. MY DEAR SiR,-1 owe you many apologies for not having answered earlier your letter of tbe 2d of August. The fact is that since that time @@have been travelling all over England with the 'Prince of Pruasia. As to your work, 1 laid it myself before the King, who perused it with great pleasure, when 1 was at Berlin. I am now charged by His Majesty not only to express to you his thanks for having thought of him in sehding him a book replete with ao muoh Christian wisdom and expérience, but also to present to you, in his Royal name, the @gold medal@ for science and literature, as a partioular sign of regard. The medal will be delivered to you, or a person authorised by you, at the office of the Prussian Légation, any morning from 11 to i o'olook, Sunday of course excepted. AIlow me to avail myself of this opportunité to renew to you my own thanks and the expression of my high regard, and believe me, yours 6ihcere!y, M. F. TUFFBB, Esq. BUNSEN. Il M. F~ TuPPIiIR, EBCi. AccordingIy, I called. myself and received the medal from the Chevalier, with whom afterwards I had half an-hour'a talk, chie@ny about German history, in which by good fortune 1 was fairly posted, perhaps with a prescience that the ambassador might allude to it. An author, if he be a good man and a clever, worthy of his high vocation, already.walks self-ennobled, ciroled by an aureola of spiritual glory such as no king can give, nor even all-devouring time, @e@@~ rerum@, can take away. He really gains nothing by a title-no, not evon Tennyson as in the next world, so in this, his works do follow him, and the Well done, good and faithfui from this lower world which he bas served is but the prelude of his welcome to tbat higher world wherein he hears thé same good and faithful from thé mouth of his Redeemer. INVENTIONS. It may be worth a page if I record here sundry inventions of mine, surely bits of authorship, which 1 found out for myself but did'not patent, though others did. As thus @i. A simple and cheap safety horse-shoe.-seoured by steel studs inserted'into thé prdinary soft iron shoes. 2. GJass@sorew-tops@to@bottIes. 3~ Steam-vessels with the wheels inside in faet, a double boat or catamaran, with the maohinery amid-ahips. 4. The introduction of coca-leaf to allay hunger, and to be as useful hère as in Chili. 5. A pen to carry its own ink. 6. The colouring of photographs on the back. 7. Combined vulcanite and steel sheathing. There were also some other small matters wherein authorial energy@busied itself. But althougb 1 had models made of some, and wrote about others, no good re-sults accrued to me. i. As for the hbrse-shoes, black-smiths did @not@ want to lose custom by steel' saving the iron. 2. For the glass-stoppers, I had against me all the cork trade, and the wine-merchants too, who recork old wines. 3. The steamers were never tried on a large scale, and models are pronounced deceptive. Thé coca loses most of its virtues when in a dried state. 5. The pen I had it made in silver, @@long hollow handie ending with a conical point either grew clogged if the ink was too thick, or emitted blots' when too thin. 6. Au establishment. in Leicester Square bas since .8 worked on this idea. 7. 1 also troubled the Ordnance ,Office, and had an interview with Sidney Herbert about two more futile inventions@ one a composite cannon missile of quoits tied tôgether another of a thick vul-canite sheathing for ships, over eithér wôod or iron.' I have letters on these to and from the office. Briefly, I did not gain fortune as an inventor though I urged my horse-shoe at least as a valuable thought, and one worth a trial, to save our poor horses on asphalte pave-ments and in hard frosts. It is a losing game to attempt to force an invention so many vestod interests oppose, and ao many are the oompetttors moreo ver, some oné always rushes into the pool' of Bethesda before you. I thought also that there might as well be essenoe of tea, as well as of co@See but nothing came of it. Also amongst other of my addled egga of invention, 1 may mention that in my chemistry days as a youth 1 suggested to a scientific neighbour, Dr. Eerrison, that g ass might be rendered lésa fragile by being mixed in the casting with some chemical compound of lead,-much as now has come out in the patent toughened glass. Also we initiated mild experiments about an imitation of volcanic forces in melting pounded stone into moulds,-as recently done by Mr. Lindsay Bucknall with slag -but unluckily we found that the manufac-ture of basait was beyond our small furnace power 1 fancied that apparently carved pinnacles and gurgoyles might be cast in stone and though beyond Dr. Kerrison and.myself, perhaps it may still be done by the hot-blast melting up crushed granite. Among these small matters of an author's natural inventiveness, I will preserve here a few of the literary class @6.g.@, i. I claim to hâve diseovered the etymology 'of Punch, which Mark Antony Lower in his Patrony-mica says is a name the origin of which is in total obscurity. Now, I found it out thus,-when at Haver-fordwest in 1858 1 saw over.the maritel of the hosteiry, perhaps there still, a map of thé Roman earthwork called loeally Punch Castio and considering how that the neighbouring hills are named Preoelly Procella, storm as often drawing down the rain-clouds.-that Caer Léon is Oastrum Legionis, and that there is a Roman bridge over the little river thoro still styled Ultra Pontem-I decided at once that Pontii Oaste@Uum was thé true name for Punch Castle. Of course, Pontius Pilate and Judas appear in the modi@oval puppet-plays as Punch and Judy,-while Toby refers to Tobit's dog, in a happy confusion of names and dates. The Pontius of the Castle was Proetor of the Second Legion. 2. Similarly, I found out the origin of Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, c., to refer to the death of William the Conqueror @Z'AoMMe qui d!oKtp e@ , who was ruptured in leaping a burnt wall at Rouen being very stout,@lie had a great fall, and burst asunder like Iscariot, while ail thé king's horses and ail the king's men couldn't set Humpty Dumpty up agaiu. We must remember that the wise Fools of those days dared not call magnates by their real names,-nor utter facts openly so accordingly 3 they turned Edward Long-shauks into Daddy Longlegs,@@and ~ sang about King John's raid upon the monks, and the consequent famine to the poor, in Four and twenty blaokbirds baked in a pie, o.@@thé key to this interpretation being a dainty dish to set before the king, John being a notorious glutton. My friends at Ledbury Manor, where there is a gallery full of my uncle Arthur's Indian pictures, will remember how 1 expounded all this to them some years ago. In this connection of literary discovery, let me hère give my exposition of the mystic number in Révélations, 666,-which, @more meo, 1 printed thus on a very scarce fly-leaf, as.one of my Protestant Ballads not in any book @@Hère ia wiadom-Let him that hath understanding oount the number of the Beast-for it is the number of a Man-and his number is six hundred threesoore and six.@@Rev. xiii. 18. Oount up the aum of Greek numeral letters @Kakoi Episkopoi -biahops all ill Strangely 1 note .that those mystioal fetters Bihd in their number this mystery still-Six hundred threesoore and six is the total, Spelling the number and name of a man, Ohief of bad bishops and lies sacerdotal, That of all wiokedness stands in the van. Antichrist t what ? can a feeble old creature, Pope though they style him, be rank'd in his place As the Goliath in fashion and feature Warring gigantio with God and His grâce@ Is he so great-to be dreaded, abhorrèd, Single antagonist, braving God's wrath, Bearing foul Babylon's seal on his forehead, Ohosen Triumvir with Sin and with Death f Yea the presumption of priestly succession Make the @all one@ a whole Popedom of Time, So that eaoh head for his hour of possession Wears the tiara of ages of crime Rome is infallible, Rome is eternal, Rome is unohangeable, cruel, and strong, Leagued with the legions of darkness infernal, Orushing all right and Upholding all wrong. NOTE.-The value of the Greek letters, as numér@os, in'thé two words above, is as follows -The three kappas 6@o the three omiorons 2io, thé three iotas 30, thé two pis i6o, the one sigma 20 , the one epsilon 5, and the one alpha i. in all exaotiy making 666. This is a private interpretation of the writer's own discovery, not to be found eisewhere, and quite as convinoing as Lateinos and the inscription on St@ Péter s. My friend Evelyn contributed to the perfection of thé discovery. It waa he who suggested Kakoi to Episcopoi, to make up the number. There are also some who say that our ecoentrio P@Mmier's name suma up ominoualy to the same three sixes. CHAPTER XXVI. COURTLY AND MUSICAL. My several royal poems, some twenty in number, may deserve a short and special notice though it is far from my intention to detail any gracious condescensions of a private nature. 1 may however state, as a curiosity of literature,@that the 35th of@my Three Hundred Sonnets, publisbed by Virtue in 1860, is headed India's Empress, written certainly twenty years before such a title was thought of, even by Lord Beacons@ôeld in his pupa phase of D'Israeli. As very few have the volume, long out of print, 1 will here produce that fortunaté propheoy thé way chaotic ia the Sepoy Mutiny @@Our Empress Queen -Viotori~'s name of glory Added aâ England's grace to Hindostan 0 climax to this age's wondrous story, Full of new hope to India, and to Man In heathendom's dark places 1 For the light Of our Jerusalem shall now shine there Brighter than ever sinoe the world began @Yet by a way ohaotio, drear and gory Travelled this blessing as a martyr might Wrestling to heaven through tortures unaware Our Empresa Queen@ for thee thy people's pray'r Ail round the globe to God asoends united, That He may strengthen thee no guilt to spai'e Nor leave one aot of goodnesa unrequtted. Another suoh ouriosity of literature may this be considered namely, that the same versifier who in his youth fifty years ago saw the coronation from a gallery seat in Westminster Abbey, overlooking the central space, and wrote a well-known ode on the occasion, to be found in his Miscellaneous Poems, is still in full force and loyalty, and ready to supply one for his Queen's jubilee, -whereof words for musio will be found anon. Human life bas not many such completed cycles to celebrate, albeit 1 have lately had a golden wedding alas@ in a short month after, closed by the good wife's sudden death So soon trod sorrow on the heols of joy@ But I will not speak of that affliction here and now my présent errand is more cheerful. With reference, tben, to the many verses of mine which 1 have reason to hope are honoured by preservation in royal albums, I wish only to say that if some few have appeared among my other poetries in print, they shal@inot@be repeated here though I may record that whatever I have sent from time to time have been gra. ciousiy acknowledged, and that I hâve herefofore met with palatial welcomes. Perhaps 1 may say'a word or two about my having for the best part of half a cèntury occasionally made my duteous bow at Court which I thought it right to do whenever some pootic offering of mine had been received i in particular at the Princess Royal's marriage, when Prince Albert specially invited me to Buckingham Palace, presenting me kindly to the heir of Prussia, and bidding, Wales come and shake hands with Mr. Tupper my genial Prince will recollect it and@above all adding thé honour of personal conversation with Her Majesty. Of thèse thus brie@ny aLso I might record bht 1 forbear similar condescensions at Frogmore as also with reference to my little Masques of the Seasons, and the Nations-wherein Corbould was pictorially so efficient, and Miss Hildyard so helpful in the cos-tumes-both at Osborne and at Windsor. In gracious recognition of these Her Majesty gave me Winter-halter's engravings of all the royal children, now at Albury, as well as some gifts to my daughters. The Masques will be found among my published poems. At Court 1 frequently met Lord Houghton, known to me in ancient days as Monckton Milnes and I remem-ber that we especially came together from sympathy as to critical castigation, ~~OM~oo~ or some other Scotch reviewer having fallen foul of both of us, then young poets and therefore to be hounded down by Professor Wilson , in an article pasted in an early volume of Archives, spitefully disparaging Farquhar Tupper and Monekton Milnes. Until thèse days every one wore the antiquated Queen Anne Court suit, now superseded by modern garments, perhaps more convenient but certainly not so pioturesque. Bagwig and @Rowered waistcoat, and hanging cast-steel rapier, and silken calves and buckled shoes,-and above all the abundant real point lace upon which Lord Houghton more than once has commented with me as to the comparative superiority of his or mine,-both being of ancestral dinginess, and only to be washed in co@nee -thèse are ill exchanged for boots and trousers and straight black sword, and everything of grace and beauty diligently tailored away. When 1 last attended at St. James's in honour of Prince Albert Victor'a first réception, I was, among twelve huhdred, one of oniy three units who paid our respects in the stately iashidhs of Good Queen Anne and I was glad to be compli-mented on my social courage as almost alone in those antiquated garments, and on my profusion of snow-white hair so suitably suggestive of the powdered poIlB of our ancestors. 1 remember my fathër in powder. On this last occasion it was, as 1 hâve said, especially to pay my respects to the young Prince at his first @~e@~e.' both he and his father with great kindness cordially shaking handa with the author of the follow-ing stanzas. The young Prince atood between his father and his kinsman, the Duke of Cambridge. Albert Victor@ words of blessing Bright with omens of the best, Truly one such names possessing ShaII be throned among the blest Albert,-sainted now and glorious, Long time in bis heavenly rest, Victor,-everyway victorioua Like our Empresa east and west 1 Prince t to-da.y the Court bears witnesa How, thy Royal Sire besidé, With due graoiousness and fitness, Dignity devoid of pride, Thou thy gallant kinsman near thee Dost with homage far and wide, And the praise of ail to oheer thee, Humbly meet that glittering tide 1 Prince, aooept an old man's greeting, Now some threesoore and fifteen, Who oan testify how @neeting Life and ail its joya hâve been 1 have known thy' Grandsire's favour, And thy Parents@ grâce hâve seen And I note the same sweet savour In the Grandson of my Queen Il As this is the Jubilee year, and I may not live to its completion,-for who can depend upon an hour?-! will here produce what has just occurred to my pat-riotism as a suitable ode on the great occasion. If short, it is ail the better for music, and 1 humbly recom-mend its adoption as @libretto@ to some chief musical composer. FM 0~'S .T~M~! for ~ MM. ~Of~M-Rejoice, 0 Land 1 Imperial Realm, rejoice 1 Wherever round the world Our standard floats unfurl'd, Let every heart exult in musio's voice 1 Be glad, 0 grateful England, Triumphant shout and sing, Land 1 As from eaoh belfried steeple The olanging joy-bells sound, Let all our happy people The wandering world around, Rèjoioe with the joy this jubilee brings, Oiroling the globe as with seraphim wings t n. ~fÏttOfyMtM. Lo, the wondrous story, Praise ail praise above 1 Fifty years of glory, Fifty years of love t Ohaatened by muoh sadness, Mid the dark of death, But illuined with gladness By the sun of faith What a life, 0 Nations, What a reign ia aoen In the oonatimmationa Orowning Britain's Qtieen m. .FtM~ C~MMA . Riches of Earth, and Grâces of Heaven, God in His love hath abundantly given, More by a year than seven times seven, Blessing our Empress, the Queen 1 Secrets of Soienoe, and marvels of Art, Health of the home, and wealth of the mart, All that is best for the mind and the heart, Crowded around her are seen. Honour, Religion, and Plenty are hers, Peace, and all heavenly messengers, While loyalty every spirit upstirs To shout aloud, God save the Queen@ Hère the words end, as brevity is wisdom. But the music, as a majestic finale, might include touches of Rule Britannia, Luther's Hymn, and the National Anthem. 1 have asked my friend Mr. Manns if ha will set my words to music, but his modesty declines, as he pro-fesses to be mainly a conductor rather than a composer ahd he recommends me to apply to some more famous musician, as perhaps Sullivan, or Màcfarren, or haply Count Gleichen. Ail 1 can say is, nothing would bo more gratif@~mg to my muse than for either of those' great names to adapt my poetry to his melody. Suitably enough, 1 may hère inserti a page as to my own musical idiosyncrasy as a bit of author-life. Keble is said to have had no. ear for a tune, however perfect as to rhyme and rhythm and there are those who suppose my tympanum fo be Bimilarly defioient, though 1 porsistently dispute it. Living when at Norwood within constant free hearing pf the best musio in the world, at the Crystal Palace, I ought to be musical, if not always so accredited but 1 do penitentially con-fess to occasional weariness in over long repeated sym-phonies, where the sweet little @motif@ is always trying to get out but is cruelly driven back,-in tbe endlessness of fugues, and what seems to my offended ear the use-less waste of tone and power in extrême instrumenta-tion, and in divers other disinclinings I cannot but acknowledge as to what is called classical music. Ac-cordingly, no one can accuse me of being @~ eMM~co per la musica@ albeit 1 am transported too by for ex-ample Handel's largo in G, by the Prayer in Mosé in Egitto, the Lost Chord, Rossini's Tell, Weber's Freis-chutz and Oberon, Tannhauser, Semiramide, and ail manner of marches, choruses, ballads, and national airs. In fact, 1 really do like music,. especially if tune-ful and melodious, in spite of Wagner's apothegm, but some symphonies might be botter if curtailed,-except only Schubert's,-but then his best is the Unfinished, and so the shortest. In my youth 1 learnt the double flageolet, and could play it fairly. A@U this wherein 1 am but the honest spokesman for many who do not like to confess as much is introduc-tory in my authorial oapacity to this short poom, not long since. pencilled in the concert-room and given to Mr. Manns as soon as clearly written. I iusert it here very muoh to give pleasure to one who so continually ministers to thé pleasuré of thousands and I hope sonie day soon to greet him Sir August, as ho well deserves a knighthood. À ~MM ZMMM. Marvelloua orohestra@ concert of heaven, Mingling more notes than the musical seven, Harmonious discorda of treble and base In strange oombinations of guilt and'of graoe-0 whose is the ear that oan hear you aright, And note the dark providence mixt with the light 1 Where, where is thé oye that is swift to disoern This lesson in musio the dull ear should learn,-That ail, from the seraphim harping on high Down, down to the lowest, fit chords oan supply To the poean of praises in every tone, With thunders and melodies circling the Throne t We are eaoh a @@Mef note in that wonderful hymn, And to us its Oneness is hazy and dim We hear the few sounds from the viol we play, But ail the full chorus @Boats far and away Our poor little pipe of an instant is drown'd In the glorious rush of that océan of-sound The player hears nothing beyond his own bars, Whilst all that grand symphony reaohes the stars Yet, though our piping seems but little worth It adds to the Anthem Création pours forth, And, whether we know it or not, we oan give Not a note more or less in the life, that we live. Ah me@ we are nothing-or little at best-But duty with greatness the least oan invest One note on the @nuto or the trumpet may seem A poor petty work for ambition's fond dream,-But what if that note be a need-be to blend And quioken the score from beginning to end 1 To show forth the mind of thé Master,'who guides With b,aton unerring Time's mixture of tides, Thé good with the evil, the blessiug and bane, The Amazon ruehing far into the main@ Until, from this ski@U'd oombination of notes, Round earth to the heavens His overture noats l A PAGE or two about my connection with the Royal Society may have some émail interest. When my father who had long been a Fellow died in 1844,1 1 wished to give to the Society his marble bust by Behnes as a memorial of honour to. him but my mother pre-ferred to keep it, as was natural. Meanwhile, how'ever, some of my father's friends, and in particular his old patron, Lord Melbourne, then recently elected, put me up as a candidate, and as 1 find recorded in my Archive-book, vol. ii., my certificate was signed by Argyll, Bristol, Henry HaIIam, Thomas Brande, Dr. Paris, P.R.C.S., Sir 0. M. Clarke, and Sir Benjamin Brodie in due time 1 wàs elected, and on the 8th of May 1845 was admitted by Lord Northampton. At my election occurred this very strange and characteristic incident. There was oniy one ball against me among twenty-seven for me in the ballot-box the meetings were then held at Somerset House, the Society on a less numerous scale than at présent, and the élections casier and more frequent. When the President announced the result, up jumped Lord Melbourne, begging pardon for his mistake in having dropped his bail ihto the wrong holot-an amusing instance of thé ~tM~oM~e caro-lesshess habituai to that good-humourod Ministor. CHAPTER XXVII. F.R.S. As I have now been more than forty years a Fellow, 1 ought to be ashamed to confess that 1 never contri-buted a Paper to its learned Proceedings all of which as they corne to me 1 give appropriately enough to the famous Wotton Library, belonging to my excellent friend Evelyn, heir and successor to the celebrated John Evelyn of the Sylva, one of the Society's founders. That 1 have seldom even read them is also a pitiful truth for the mysterious nomenclature of modern chemistry, the incomprehensibility to my ignorance of the higher mathematics, the hopeless profundity of treatises on the tides, dynamics, electricity, and micro-scopic anatomicals, are, 1 am free to avow, worse to me than heathen Greek, nay for I @can@ in some sort tackle that , more difficult than the clay tablets of Assyria or a papyrus of Rameses II. So I must confess to being an idle drone among the working bees. Only thrice have I ventured to ask questions oC conséquence, scarcely yet answered by thé pundits. One regards Spectrum Analysis How can we be sure that the lines indicative of gases and other elements are not mainly due to the emanations from our own globe, swathed as it is by more than forty miles of an atmosphere imprognated by ita own salts and aoids in aerial solution? May we not be deducing false con-clusions as to the varying lights of stars and nobuloe, if all the while to our vision they are as it were olouded by our own smoke ? 1 Telescopes have to pierce so thick a stratum of earth's aura and ether that it is expootable they@ would show us only our own composites in those of other worlds. The spectra are varied, 1 know, but so may bo our wrappings of atmosphere from one night to another. Let this ignorant query su@@moo about Dr. Huggins' gréât discovery. Again, I certainly after some knowledge of strange facts could have wished that Mr. Crookes's philoso-phical spiritualism had met with a more patient hear-ing than Dr. Carpenter or Mr. Huxley offered at the time and that Faraday's clumsy mechanical refutation of table-turning had not been considered so conclusive. For there really are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, c., than even your omniscience is aware of and without pinning faith on Madame Blavatsky, or Mr. Hume, or any other wonder-worker from America or Thibet, there doubtless are petty miracles in what is called spiritualism possibly some form of electricity that demand more serutinythan our materialists will hâve the patience to vouchsafe I for one believe in human testimony even as to the miraculous. For a third and last inquiry justly indignant at the horrors of Continental vivisection, and especially in our own humane England at Dr. Ferrier's red-hot wires thrust into live monkeys' brains, I have ôften vainly asked @cui bono@ such terrible cruelty? 1 The highest authorities are at variance with each other as to the practioal utility in human therapeutice of experiments upon agonised brutes but all must be agreed that, so far as morals are concerned, vivisection only hardens the heart and sears the feelings and conscience of doc-tors who may surround thë dying- bod of our dearest, and very possibly make capital of peculiar symptoms in their patient, by experiments transferred from dogs and rabbita to himself 1 Single votes are useless against the annual list of seleoted candidates, or I for one would have at ail inconvenience testified both at Oxford. and in the Royal Society against the eleotion of a certain Professor whose glory lies in vivisection. For an appropriate end to these discursive sentences, let me add this pootic morsel in my own vein. Mr. Butler of Philadelphia was quite right in his judgment of my @indoles@ I write by impulse on occasion. Here is a very recent instance in point. 1 had lately visited Mr. Barraud's painted-window works near Seven Dials, and when I told Mr. Herbert Rix, our Assistant-Secretary, of what you may read below, he exhorted me to put it into verse, which I did impromptu, and sent it to him now thus first printed @@1 aaw the artist in a oolour-shop Staining some bits of glass variously shaped To map the painted window of a ohuroh, And marvelled that the tintings ail seemed wrong ¡ Red, green, and brown should hâve been interohanged To show the oolours right. Why did he use His brush so oarelessiy, my folly asked. @Wait for the fire,-the fire wi@U make ail right, The reds and greens and browns will change again, Fusing harmoniously,' so Enowledge spake And thus a thought of wisdom came to me Touohing the truth, how kindly ourativo Mùst be the pains and oares and griefs of life, For that the furnaoe of adversity@ Melts to its proper good eaoh seemiNg ill. Again, I notioed how the artist chose Not olear good glass, whether of plate or orown, But oommon-looking stu@S, bubbled and @Sawed, As if seleoted for its blemishes Rather than for transparent purity. 'Why not ohoose better glass to paint upon ?' To this'he answered, @Wouldn't do at ail. My faces mustn't look lifelesa and dull, But, as instinct with motion, light.and life, Not in enamelled uniformity The aunshine oannot sparkle where all's smooth 1 ohoose the most imperfect panes to make A perfeot, vigorous pioture.@@Then I learnt How wonderfully Providence is pleased To cause all evil thinga to help the good Nay, deeper, to ordain that good itself Can soaroely be discerned withont the harm Of some companion-ill even as gold Is useless unalloyed and Very Light Unshadowed kills, as unapproaohable And absolute unmitigated good Alone is Godhead. Every créature hère In this our human trial-world at least Is full df faults and spots and blemishes, If only to set off hie better self, His talents, graces, excellent good gifts, Burnt in the fire to brighter excellence And fused harmonious into perfeot man. I have often thought that our Great Teacher's par-ables were true pictures of things around Him He painted from living modela, impulsively and on occa-sion. The prodigal son, the unjust judge, the rich @o@l, the camel unlade4 to pass the narrow tunnel of the needie'a eye, the lost sheop, the found pièce of money and the like,-all were real incidents made use of by Hia wisdom, who spake as never man spake, and did all. thinga well. CHAPTER XXVIII. PERSONATION. IT bas several times happened to me, as doubtless to others of my brethren, to find that 1 have been person-ated, certainly to my considerable discredit. Take these instances. When at Brighton, a fellow bad the effron-tery to collect money in my name, and I suppose he somewhat resembled me, as 1 heard more than once that I had been seen here and there, where 1 undoubtedly was not, and proved an @alibi@. At Bignor, where 1 went to see some Roman pavements on the property of a Sussex yeoman of my name very possibly a German cousin the owner reoeived me with more than suspicion when I said who 1 Was,-because thé true Martin Tupper had been his gùest for a week, and brought him a book he had written, and one of mine then was lying on the table t But 1 soon made it clear that he had been deceived, and that the real Simon Pure was now before him. Divers other cases might be mentioned however, perhaps the most ourious is this, and I extract the whole statement from ohe of my scrap-bopks now before me. It is headed An anecdote to account for certain slanders,@thé date being@August 1865!-1 I have heard it seriously asserted of me that I am a great pugilist 1 and very far in conduot and manners from what one might expeot, and so forth. Now it bas just come to my knowledge that a sporting publican and dog-fancier@ who called his publio-house in the Waterloo Road @Thé Groyhound@ my créât , and has my name over the lintel, has claimed to be the author, and is supposed to be myself 1 Mr. Payne my publisher told me about the @pugilist,' and said he had heard it in the clubs that 1 was a match for Sayera,-as I conclude my sporting namesake is. In America, too, 1 found that my double lived at Hardwick, Worcester Co., N.Y., and that another Martin hailed from Buffalo. So, like poor Edgar Poe, who had to suffer from the machinations of a profligate brother, who gave Edgar's name whenever he got into a scrape, 1 may have sometimes been credited with the sins of atrangers. No one is free from this sort of@calumny. We all have heard of Sheridan's wicked witticism, in that when taken up in Pall Mali for drunkenness, he gave his name Wilberforoo and it is said that he got drunk on purpose to say so 1 My venerable friend, Thomas Cooper, the pious and eloquent old Chartist, has been similarly confused with Robert Cooper, the atheist, lecturer not but that Thomas had once been an atheist too. In this connection, here is a curiousiy compli-cated caae of @alibi@, which 1 abstract @verbatim@ from one of -my Archive-booka. On Sunday, thé lyth of September 1848,@1 was a!l the afternoon and evening at my@houseon Furze Hill, Brighton, q@metly reading and teaching my children, o. Next day thé 'Rov. J. 0. Biohmond an American friend called with me on thé Rev. Mr. Vaughan, and in the course of conversation the latter said to me in a good-natured tone of rebuke 'Somo of@my congrégation tell me they saw you yesterday afternoon smoking a cigar in a fly on the Marine Parade.' 1 had hardiy time to deny the soft impeachment, which I might well have done with emphasis, as a loather of cigars, and as little as possible a traveller on Sundays, when Richmond broke out with @That's impossible for I saw him myself in Shoreham Church five miles distant , and noticed that he went away in the middle of the sermon, as 1 supposed, to get home to Mrs. Tupper.' Mr. Richmond says he could have made oath that 1 had been there, and that he told several persons after church that I @had heard part of the sermon in the afternoon.' So, upon human and trustworthy evidence, 1 could have been proved to have been in three places at once. My fetch similarly once rescued a young lady from death on Snowdon at least a stranger in company once came up to me, to thank me for my prowess in having stopped his daughter'a pony, which had run away down. the mountain t-in vain I denied it -and he addressed me by my name, too 1 Somebody muât have given him my card by accident. And let me here allude if@@ can without indelicacy tci another sort of personation of more financial impor-tance to myself. Lately, I.have seen some not very refined nor considerate paragraphs in American papers Mr. Bok.'a a Brooklyn editor, has told me that more than four hundred repeated them to thé e@neot that in the battle of life 1 had-truly enough-sun'ered reverses, and needed material help from my many professing friands. Moreover 1 hâve heard it stated that sorne sort of collection was volunteered for me. Well, this may have been the case or n6t but onyhow thé @@ct is and it. should be, announced to'those who may have given-and wonder at no acknowlodgment of their kindness haviag come from me that to this hour I have reoeived nothing from America except a few dollars sent by one lady, and some more from a Trans-atlantic relative , either on account of my so-called testimonial, or these more recent paragraphs. The annoyance in my own mind, and in the suspicion of some others round me, is the awkward fancy that sundry small collections may have been intercepted. Possibly some other Martin Tupper bas the spoil. Another sort of dishonest personation whereto we are a@U liable, whether authora or not, is the having imputed to us divers forged or garbled sentiments, even in the immutability of print, I have now before me a Boston copy of my first Proverbial published by one Joseph Dowe in 1840, which, though stated to be from the London edition, designedly omits all allusion to the Trinity, even my whole essay thereon, for Mr. Dowe as a Unitarian chose to make me one t AIso, 1 have seen my name attached to verses I never wrote, and have been claimed both by Swedenborgians and Freemasons as a brother, while Jesuitry bas otherwise traduced me. Artists also as well as authors are similarly misrepre-sentod my son-in-law, Clayton Adams, for instance, tells me that his name bas been added to Jandscapes he never painted, and that they sold by auction at high prices. Modern aociety should punish such cheateries severely. CHAPTER XXIX. HOSPITA@MTIBS-FARNBAM, ETC. ÂMONGST other memorabilia in no particular order, let me set down a few visits, longer than a mere call, to sundry persons and places of note. As these, for instance. Annually during many years I used to be a guest from Thursday to Monday at Farnham Castle, when the good Bishop's venison was in season. Of course, at such a table 1 constantly met celebrities, but a mère list of their names wduld be tedious, and any public record of private hospitalities I hold to be improper. No doubt the kindly and courtly Bishpp Sumner held high festival like an ancient Baron, at sùch a raté for those were golden times from renewed 'leases for the see as no successor with a less unlimited income could well afford. The grandeur of Farnham Castle died with him and my@good friend from boy-hood, Bishop Harold Browne, must not bo @Hamed if with less than half his means he cannot compote with him. I was enabled to gratify Bishop Sumner in a way that touohed his heart, as thus. A cousin of mine, De Lara Tupper of Rio Janeiro, a rich merchant prince there, sont me, as a present for my Albury greenhouse, twp large baies of orchids, which, however, were praotically useless to me, as I had not that expensive luxury, a regular orchid-house. But 1 knew that the dear Bishop had, and that orchid-growing was his spécial hobby ac. cordingly all were transferred to Farnham, and 1 need not say how gratefully accepted, as many roots proved to be most rare, and some specimens quite unique. The good man gave me, @en révanche@, a splendid Horace, in white vellum beautifully illustrated, and inscribed by him Gratiarum actio, now near me in a bookcase. The same South American cousin sent me also a box of pines, oranges, and shaddocks just when Garibaldi was our visitor at Princes Gate,-and 1 had the gratification of giving many to him, not only becauso he mainly lived upon@. uit, but also beoause some of the said fruit came from the farm he and his first wife, the well-beloved Anita, had once owned in South America. Later on, Gladstone invited me to meet the hero at a reception in Carlton Gardons, where 1 took note of Garibaldi, with his hostess on his arm, as he walked in his simple red shirt, through a bowing lane of feathered fashionables, whom ho greeted right and left as if he had been always used to such London high life. On that occa-sion I had the honour of standing between Palmerston and Lord John Russell, who kindly conversed with me, as also did the chief guest, specially thanking me for those pines and oranges. .PARHAM. Anothér notable visit of some days, was one to Par-ham, the ancient-and haunted-seat of my old friend both at Charterhouse and at Christ Ohurch, Robert Curzon, afterwards Lord de la Zouohe, the great col-leotor of Armenian and other missals and manuscripts. With him alas 1 no more amongst us, and his son Aas dropped the Il de la 1 spent a joyful and instructive time out of doora we @nshed in the lakè and rode about the park among the antlered deer,-three heads and horns whereof are now in our glass-porch entrance at Albury indoors, there was the splendid gallery of family armour from feudal days,-several suita of which Curzon told me he had tried to wear on some occasion, but couldn't most were too small for him, though by no means a tall man and those which he could struggle into were too heavy.. Then there was the interminable companion gallery of full-length portraits, some of whom, probably the wioked ancestors, @walked@ 'and l'm sure that when I alept in a tapestried chamber under that gallery, I did hear footateps-could it be, horrible fancy t in procession ? When I told Curzon this, he answered that he had often heard them himself, from boyhood, but that familiarity bred contempt he said alao, with a twinkle in his eye, that there @M' M a room which was usually set apart for new-married couples, as such would probably not be so much startied as louely maids and bachelors might be, at the whis-pered conversations across the bed 1 Moreover, evil wings possibly owls or bats, looking after glow-wonn candies occasionally flapped at the casementa. But Curzon was a humorist as well as inventive. Perhaps one secret as to ghosts at Parham lay in the fact that in the old thick walls were concealed staircaaes and Il priesta' chambers, which possibly might be of use, even now, to vagrant lovera liko Mr. Pickwick at Ipswich , or perhaps sieep-walkers,-or burglarious@ thieves. Anyhow, 1 liked to lock my bedroom door there,-as indèed 1 do generally elsewhere, if look and key are in good agreemeut for once 1 cquidn't get' out without the surgical operation of a carpenter, having too securely locked myself in. This shall not happen twice, if 1 can help it. Curzon's gréât glory, how-ever, was his library, full of rarities he showed me, amongst other MSS., his unique purple parchments, with gold letter types, being if I remember rightly Constantine's own copy of the New Testament and, to pass by other curios, some tiny Elzevirs uncut imagine his horror when 1 volunteered to cut these open for him 1-their chief and priceless wonder being that no eye bas ever seen, nor ever can see, the insides .of those virgin pages 1 1 know there is such a rabies as bibliomania,-and I have myself, at Albury, a breeches Bible, which belonged to a, maternai an-cestor, a Faulkner, of course valued beyond its worth as a readable volume and 1 might name many other instances but to esteem a book chiefly because it bas never been cut open, did strike my ignorance as an abnormal fatuity. Curzon was one of our Aristotelians, as before mentioned. OfHER VISITS. 1 am also mindfu.1 of a very pleasant week spent long ago at Shenstone's Leasowes, a beautiful estate near Birmingham, now béing dug up for coal even as Hamil-ton is, where in those days some good friends of mine resided, of whom now departed like so many others I havè most kindly reoolleotions..Thé hostess, a@obarm-ing and intelligent lady of the old sohool, wearing her own white ringlets, used to have many talks with me about Emanuel Swedenborg, a@half-inspu'od genius whom she much favoured the host, a genial côunty magnate, did. his best to enable me to catch trout where Shen-0 stone used to sing about them, and tried to interest me in farm improvements but my chief 'memory of those days is this. Whiist 1 was there, a splendid testimonial in silver arrived in a fly from Birmingham, well guarded by a couple of police against possible roughs, the result of a zeaJous gathering from his political supporters and that Testimonial, little Testy as 1 called it, was a source of care and dilemma to everybody for care, it was immediately locked away for fear of burglars and as to dilemma, the white elephant was too tall for the centre of a table, and too short to stand upon the @ûoor. It seemed closely to illustrate to my mind that wise text about a man's life and his possessions. The cheerful spirit of the mansion and its inmates seemed quite sub-dued by this unwelcome acquisition. When at thé Leasowes, 1 produced some suitable poems which were very kindly received hère is one of them, hitherto unprinted. ~m~fOmp~M StMt!M Ticked iif at the Z MOMM, ~'M,y. 24, i8s7, aa per order.@ And so you claim a verse of me, good friend, As from the inspiration of the place Well then,-from pastoral trash may taste detend Your pleasant Leasowes, and the human race 1 The Gentle Shepherd'a day bas had an end, Nor even could melodious Shenstone hère False and inflated, we muât all allow , Excite one glowing thought or pensive tear Ualeas indeed of wrath or.pity now Yet dearly can I love these tumbling hills With roughly wooded winding glens between, Set with olear trout pools link'd by gurgling rills And all so natural and oalm and green, That served to enervate your Poetaster But only strengthen now their Iron Master. 1 will also record a hospitable sojourn in old days at Northwood Park, the splendid abode of Isle-of-Wight Ward grandfather to my sohool and college friend Ward of the Aristotle class and Oxonian persécution , where. 1 once spent a week in my father's time and similarly a visit at Lord Spencer's perfect villa near Ryde and at other pleasant homes, made to me @Aequently welcome, the chief being Wotton, the classic mansion of one of my oldest û'iends. AIso long ago,-see a former page,-I purposely dis-missed with only a word our lengthened visita in my father's day at Inveraray Castle with the old Duke of Argyll, and Holkar Hall with Lord George Cavendish, as private domesticities,-whilst a casual other few as at Ardgowan, Rozelle, Herriard, Losely, and thé like, grate-fully on my memory, shall be thus briefly recorded here Ardgowan is the magnificent abode of my friend Sir Michael Shaw-Stewart, ifter whose grandmother as my sponsor 1 am named Farquhar Rozelle,. the hospitable mansion of Captain Hamilton, where I sojourned many days, meeting th@@@é@@ ~c of Ayr, and among them the aged niece of Burus in the poet's own country Herriard House, my old school-iriend Frank E@IHs's heritage under his name of Jervoise, and Losely- of the manuseripts, where 1 have often visited my late excellent friend James More Molyneux. Of course, like everybody else who may be @Ufted a .tri@no above thé crowd, 1 have@experienced, almost an-nually, the splendid hospitalities of the Mansion House and most of the City Companies may they long con-tinue, and not be spunged àway by Radical meanness 1 all classes are united and gratified theroby, for the poorest get the luxurious leavings, and the feastà are paid for by benefactors long departed from the scènes of their successful merchandise. Ail that seeming prodi-gality and luxury have good uses. But 1 will mention of-course without the hint of a name or place one only instance of excessive splendour, quite needless and to my mind vulgar, A great magnate not a royalty, 1 need hardly say invited four guests to dine with his home party the four were my father and mother, my brother Dan and myself, humble guests enough and yet behind each of twelve chairs stood a gorgeous flunkey in powder and bright livery, with my lord's gentleman superadded in undortaker's evening trim, while the Earl himself wore his star and garter 1 Of course too the bu@net and the table were loaded@ with resplendent plate. That. scene of ostentation bas been on the gray matter of my brain ever since young manhood, and 1 relieve myself now of the réminiscence for thé first and last time. In another page 1 speak of Prince Astor's pure gold service when I dined with him at New. York and 1 have grateful memory of the almost palatial splendeur wherewith a rich publisher entertained hia guest at his castle under Arthur's Seat but in every case and I might name others my heart's aspiration bas been, Give me neither poverty nor riches feed me with food convenient for me. Mr. Vanderbilt was not happy with his millions neither probably is poor Jack without a shot iu his looker. IN such a record of personals as this, it is fortunate both for the author and his readers if he bas never been one of those literary lions who are merely histrionic crea-tures of society. It is a privilege not to have to repro-duce the common small-talk of ball-rooms and garden-parties, nor to be obliged to make the most, after a semi-libellous fashion, of after-dinner scandais, or gossip in the smoking-room. Not having heard them ho oannot well report raoy anecdotes, whereof sundry@memoirs have been too full. In the happier condition of à partial anchoritism 1 have escaped clubs, London seasons, and country mansion gaieties as a youth and to middle manhood a stammerer, 1 would not willingly court the humiliations of chattering society, and thereafter, up to to-day, a domestio country gentleman of literary pur-suits, 1 haye avoided as far as possible fashionable gatherings of every sort, social, theological, or politioal. Not that 1 abjure-it is far otherwise-any kind of genial intercourse with my fellows a few friends are my delight, but I never would belong to a club, though sometimes specially tempted by indulgence as,to terms more than once having boen o@Bered a free and immédiate entry , nor to any society or charity that expected of me personal publioity or active service,albeit, ohoo, CHAPTEBXXX. SOCIAL AND RURAL. and once only, I had to figure as a reluotant chairman at Exeter Hall. Privacy has ever been my préférence ¡ whence it will clearly be inferred how much 1 have had to sacri@6ce in the way of self-denial when forced by circumstanoes to enact the old man eloquent before assembled bundreds, sometimes tbousanda, as a public reader. People who have made themselves acquainted with my Proverbial Philosophy may remember that my Essay on Speaking contrasta the misery of the man who cannot speak with the happiness of the emanci-pated orator, and I, have experienoed them both whilst it may be seen in wbat I have written about silence and seclusion how cordially and perhaps foolishly, as wearing my heart on my gleeve, 1 have shown that 1 greatly love to be alone, especially in what I am known to ca l holy silence in fact, as ill-nature may like to put it, I prefer my own quiet company to that disturbed by the talk of other people. So much, then, as to one cause for the scantiness in this self-memoir of expected spioy anecdotes and perilous revelations. Not but that I could make considérable mischief, and perhaps help my publisher in sales, if I chose to make the moat of thé many celobrities, both American and English, with whom I have had intercourse both at Albury and eisewhere. My humble hospitalities and the constant welcome 1 have given to strangers, have been like their author, proverbial but that is no reason why our con-verse, free and frank as private fellowship commanda, should be produced in print naturally the host was ever generous, and the guest equally, of courao~-appréciative.. Perhaps though, not quite always and 1 am tempted here to say just one unpleaeant word about the only onë ~e of my many American guests, hospitably, nay almost a@Seotiouately treated, who wrote home to his wife too disparagingly of his entertainer, his son baving after-wards had the bad taste to publish those letters in his father's Lifo. One comfort, however,@is that in The Memoirs of Nathaniel Hawthorne, that not very amiable genius praises no oue of bis Engliah hosts except, indeed, a perhaps too open-handed London one , and that he waa not known any more than Fenimore Cooper, whom years ago I found a rude cus-tomer in New York for a superabundance of good nature. When at Albury, Hawthorne seemed to ua superlatively envious of our old house for having more than seven gables of ita owner for a seomingly affiuent independence, as well as autho@nal famé even of his friends when driven by him to visit beàutiful and hos-pitable Wotton and in every word and gesture openly entering his republican and ascetic proteat against the aristocratie old country even to protesting, when we drove by a new weather-boarded cottage, Ha, that's the sort of house 1 prefer to see it's like one of ours at home. That we did not take to each other is no won-der. This, then, is my answer to the unkindly remarks against me in print of one who bas shown manifestly a flash of@genius in The Scarlet Letter but, so far as I@know@.it@was@well-nigh@a@solitary@one. One further ourious illustration of an uncongeninl guest is this Aléxander Smith wrote a Lifo Drama, full of sparkling pootio gems, whioh at once made him popular, apparently with justice enough. 1 asked him down to Albury, made much of him, praised warmly sundry @~ofceaMa! of his which 1 had marked in my oopy , and to my astonishment recoived the brusque reply, 0, yon like those, do you ? 1 1 ahall alter them in next édition as 1 found afterwards he did. He was a common-looking man, with a rough manner, and a squint. As he seemed upset,-though why 1 could not guess,-I tried in other ways to please him as, by a ramble in the woods and a drive in the waggonette but all would not do,-his day came to an end as. gloomily as it began. Long after, 1 stumbled upon the reason. 1 had then for the first time read Bailey'a Festus, and found some passages therein very simiJar to Alexander's thereafter, other little bits from aome other poets I think Tennyson was one struck me. Little wonder, then, that 1 heard no more of Smith,-who clearly had thought himself found out,-and so received my @nrst ignorance of his plagiaristic tendenoy as if 1 had known all about it and years after Aytoun had as I was told avenged justice by.that cleverest of spasmodic poetries, Firmilian, by Percy Jones -a bur-lesque on Alexander Smith, and a book whieh the world bas too willingly let die. Let no one, however, after' all this, fancy that 1 am unaware of Alexander Smith'a true merit. He very neatly fitted into his mosaic word-pictures thé titbits he had culled in his commonpiaoe-book out of many poets, and so utilised them. A self. ma.de and self-taught man, elbow to elbow, as he told me, with Jack, Tom, aud Harry in a workshop, as a designer of patterns, he had well and wisely made the most of his scant opportunities of culture, and it ia only a pity that he did not allude to something of thia in @@préface. It is not for me to recall hère muoh about the in-evitable hospitalities of ah old country house, to which a not unkindiy host often invited English and foreign friends, whom something to do with authorship had mado celebrities. Do 1 not pleasantly remember the jolly haymaking, when old Jerdan, calling out, More hay, more bay 1 covered Grace Greenwood with a hay-cock overturned, and had greeted a sculptor guest ap-propriately and wittily enough with Hère we are, Durham, all mustered 1 the we being besides others, Camilla Toulmin, George Godwin, and Francis Bennoch ? 1 Do I not remember how much surprised we were at the melodies whereof an old piano was capable when touched by Otto Goldsmidt ? 1 Can I forget, also, how marvel-ously a young Canadian, Joseph Macdougall, of Ottawa, extemporised on thé same piano as only a genius can Mr. Assher was another , and sent me afterwards, as a memory, a vast volume of Ameriean photographs, whereof he had munificently prepaid the enormous sum ,of .66, 18s. for postage ? 1 And was not our @TUlage stirred to its depths by thé visit to Albury House of twd black gentlemen and a blue,-all in evening dress 1 It was President Roberts of Monrovia, attended by his seoretary and chief minister for they came cordially to return thanks to one who had helped a little in slave emancipation, under thé influences of Elliott Cresson, Dr. Hodgkih, Garrison, and others,-aud, moreover, had given a gold medal for African literature, biennially to be competed for by emancipated slaves -whereof 1 have heard very little, sincé by the volunteered assistance of Mr. Taylor, the seal engraver 1 gave it many years ago the medal was as large as a crown piece.. President Benson, also of Liberia, a magnificent obon spécimen of humanity, visited me with his sta@n, not long before his lamented death-it was said, by murder. Let me add now a word of kindly memory for some good friends long gono to a better world, but once wel-come guests at Albury. There was Benjamin Nightin-gale, the enthusiastic antiquary there was his fcdus ~cAa~, Akerman, secretary to the Numismatic, whom I greatly pleased by enabling him to catch a trout near my carriage gate there was Chief Baron Pollok, head of the Noviomagians the eloquent Edwards .Lester of America, whose speech at a Literary Fund dinner to which I, had treated him was hailed by Ha@Uam, Dickens, and others on the spot as @the@ speech of the Society and the Warrens of Troy, N.Y., about whose casual visit this singular thing happened. For thé @nrst and only time in life I had had the strange luck to catch at Netley Pond three perch of nearly a pound eaoh, and a fine trout of about two 1 little knew then the final cause thereof in those days we could not easily get fish in thë country, uniess indeed we caught it now my eminent Trans-atlantic stranger friends came on a Friday, and proved to be Roman Catholics could any piscatorial luck have beën more timely 1 When a few days after I told of my sport to a neigh-bour it was Captain Russell of the Cleveland fainily , a great angler, he, of course, without imputation of my veracity, hinted that he wished I might have such luck again, as he would thon corne and dine with me. 1 answered at once, Corne to-morrow, and see what 1 may have caught. He did,-and I produced @@om thé same old mill-head a three-pound trout,-to his astonish-meut, as it had been my own to have caught it. 1 have never had suoh luck before or since, though always a zealous angler in an unprofessional way. Lot me not forget here also the beautiful Albttry Waltz, composed in my drawing-room by Miss Arm-strong, and published-it must be twenty years ago now-by Robert Cocks, New Burlington Street wherein by request 1 originated the idea of song words for the danoers. This singing as you danced has been often done since, but 1 suppose no one then thought of it but myself since King David. I need say little more about Albury visitors -for many years there were plenty of them,-but if one put down a tenth part of what even thé faithless memory of old age still retains, there would be no end to such inexhaustible recordings. And here is an Alburian anecdote which may amuse, as 'illustrative of the mental calibre of some of those myriads of untutored rustics whom our partisan gover-nors have made politically equal with the wisest in thé land. Three young friends came to spend a day with us, and for fun brought in their pockets the absurd noses popular at Epsom races. We came upon some turf-diggers, and my visitors mounted their masks to mystify@them. The clodpoles looked scared and very quiet, till 1 went up to one of them who knew me,-of course I was in my natural physiognomy,-and I said to him, My friend, these are foreigners and thé poor ignoramus staring at those portentous noses said séri-ously, Ees, 1 sees they be. Clearly he thought all fu@@mners were@so@featured.. Another spécimen of agrioultura.1 intelligence is this A labourer in my fléld one day said to me, Master, please to tell me where Jerusalem is, because me and my mates hâve been disputing about it, and I says as -its'in Ireland, because the Romansgoes@there 1 He meant the Roman Catholics 1 and he might have heard also that St. John's Pat-mos was in fact an Irish'bog, Pat's-moss many of our legislative constituency being found to believe @that. 1 But not only is the common labourer thus dense take thèse two instances of country guests at my table. One whom I had asked to meet two Americans told me of his disappointment at not finding them-red men 1 And another this time a provincial parson wauted me to expostulate with my friend Hatchard afterwards Bishop of Mauritius because he meditated in his philan-thropy giving a drinking fountain to Guildford. Only think, a drinking fountain t surely you cannot approve ? The poor man supposed it was one of those pumping apparatusès for spirits presided over by barmaids 1 It is manifest that the schoolmaster was not so much abroad a @@w years ago as he bas been since board schools have arisen. Amongst other specialities of ancient Albury House, which bas 1661 on a weathercock and 1701 on à kitchen wing, is the same peculiarity which Tennyson told me, at Farringford vexes him in his own less ancient dwell-ing,-and which Pindar of old declared to be thé privi-lege of poets. We are, and have been for générations, a very house-hive of'bees the whole front of two gables bas them under ita oak floors and panelled walls throughout,-and when guests sleep in certain rooms they have to be forewarned that the groans at midnight are not those of perturbed spirits, but the hum and buatle of multitudinous bées. We oannot drive them away, nor destroy them utterly.-as often has been attempted and if we did, the worry would be only wor-sened, as in that case hornets would corne and succeed to the sweet heritage of bee-dom. When the stuccoed @@on ! of our house was demolished, to show the oaken pattern but it had to be re-roughcast to keep out the weather , there were pailsful of honey carried off by the labourers, of course not without wounds and strife but in ordinary times it is a strange fact that our bées never sting their hosts be oarefui only to remain quiet, and there is no war between man and bee. Two years ago a great comb was built outside an eaveboard, pro-bably because there was no room for more comb inside. It is curious that it should hâve survived two hard winters. Is not all this apposite, as suited let Pindar and Tennyson bear witness to a poet's home@ In this zoological connection for bees are zoa let me record that there is a legend df a fox having beou killed in our drawing-room on the ground-floor with Frenoh Windows during some tenancy in my absence, -on!y fancy thé havoc of such a strife 1 but all had been cleared up' before our return. AIso, it is memor-, able, and 1 saw it myself that a hard-pressed stag from Sir Gilbert Heathoote's hunt took refuge in our harness-room,-to the extreme horror of a gardener's boy, who thought it was a mad donkey,-and no wonder, for as those brave barbarian sportsmen get the antlers sawn off for fear of wounds to themselves or their nobler dogs, the poor scared creature with ita uncrowned head acd' loppity ears is very donkey-like.. Let me givo auother like homely anecdote of past days. We are all now so wrapt in security as country dwellera, guarded by the rural police everywhere, that the follow@mg ludicroua incident may seem hardly worth. a. word but in the good old days, when poor Jack was suoh a highway brigand that my nurses feared to take, thé children off thé promises, and wheh burglarswëre not infrequent callers at remote résidences, what hap-pened long ago, on a certain dark wintor's night, at Albury, may amuse. Long after all had gone to bed, we heard with trepidation stealthy stops crunching the snow round the house, and aoHM~MMjf that now and then touohod the ground-floor doors and windows, as if quietly trying to get in - at las@@@@t@ fumbled at the ancient hanging handle of the outside kitchen-door 1 Now was the time for Paterfamilias to show his pluck, in the universal scare so, armed @cap-a-pied@, with candies held in the rear by the terrified household, he valor-ously drew the bolts and flung open the heavy oaken door,-to greet-his childrén's donkey, escaped some-how from its stable, and trying to get indoors that cold night for warmth. Laugh as we might, and as you may, the test of courage was all thé same and if this donkey story is pounced upon by some critic or comic as a weak link in my chain of autobiography, I only. hope he will behavo as bravely if a real ruffian tries his doors and windows by night by no moans an. improbable hypothesis in 'these days of communistio radicatism. The old house itself may deserve a word. It came to me as a-shall 1 say 7-matrimony, from my mother if patrimony means from a father, why not matrimony from a mother, her@great-uncle, Anthony Devis, having bought it in 1780. He was a remarkable man in his way and before his age a good landscape painter. as Pilkington avouches , a collector of pictures and curio'-sities,-mostly sold by exeoutors at his death, aged eiglity-niiie, though a full gallery romains at Albury a. carver too, and a constructor of cabinets,@whereof two @Rue spécimens inlaid with brecoiated jaspers,.and made of ebony and cedar from his own turning-Iathe decorate our large drawing-room and the oldest folk in our village still remember the good old gentleman who always had gingerbread in his pockets for them as children, and who was known by them as the man mushroom, seeing he was the @nrst who ever had an umbrella in the place 1 There was, however, another and a better reason for this name, inasmuch as he built for himself an outer painting-room on a hilltop near which ho called Mushroom Hall, because it was just like one as a picture in our drawing-room testifies , being a circular turret surmounted by a @Bat broad dome, with overshadowing eaves all round. This strange summer-house has long vanished. Anthony came of a good old stock paternally, as the civic archives of Preston, in Lancashire, testify ,and his mother was Ann Blackburne, of Marrick Abbey, York-shire,@the title-deeds whereof, old slip parchments and maps from Henry II. to Henry VIII., 1 found in a chest at Albury, and years after transmitted them to Lord Beaumont, the present owner albeit, as a boy, I had been allowed to cut off thé seals and paste them in a oopy-book 1 A@U these deeds, and the history thereof, I had printed in Nichols's Antiquariana. The prominent feature of our vil age, so far as religion is concerned, has for nëarly @nfty years been the tact of ita boing thé headquarters of the party originated by Edward Irving,-a full history whereof, impartially and ably written by Mr. Miller of@Bicester whose hospitality 1 have enjoyed for some days at Kineton , will be found at Kegan Paul's, if any wish to read it. I have always lived on kindly terme with my neighbours, though,not quite of their faith , excellent are many,of them, and 1 am glad to number such among my friends, specially as on neither side we meddle with each other's peculiar opinions. 1 bave known nearly all their twelve apostles, men of mark and learning especially John Tudor, a great Hebraist, and who was skilled even in Sanscrit and the arrow-headed characters , and eleven of them are among the dead, one only surviving in a vigorous old âge to meet may it be so the Lord at His coming. My American Ballads, perhaps after Proverbial Philo-sophy, the chief cause of my Transatlantic populari-ties, had their origin at Albury. The @nrst of these and the most famous, as it induced several friendly replies from American poets, was one whereof this below is the first stanza. 1 wrote it in 1850, and read it after dinner to four visitors from over the Atlantic to their great delectation, and of course they sent MS. copies all over the States. It begins-1 would copy more here, but as the whole ballad equally with thé two just following is printed in tay Miscellaneous Poems and still extant at Paternoster Square, 1 rofer my reader thereto if he wants more of it. The next of note was one headed Ye Thirty Noble Nations, and ia remarkable for 'this strange fact, viz., that 1 composed about thé half of those eighteen eight-R CHAPTER XXXI. AMERIOAN BALLADS. yo. 'O~M't MMt~M. Ho 1 brother, l'm a Britisher, A ohip of heart of oak, That wouldn't warp or swerve or stir From what I thought or spoke And you-a blunt and honest man, Straightforward, kind, and true, I tell you, brother Jonathan, That you're a Briton too@ t liue stanzas in a semi-slumber. I. was as 1 thought asleep, but I got out of bed and pëncilled the ballad or most of it, for 1 added and amended afterwards straight off, and went to bed again, of course to sleep profoundly when 1 got up next morning and found the MS. on my table, it seemed like a dream, but it wasn't. 'rhose who are ourious may look out this piece of @@~MûMt inspiration in that poem-book aforesaid. But here is the opening verse for those who cannot get thé volume in bulk @The daim beiug love for Mother Britain the petition for freedom to thé slave. It was published in 1831. A third is chiefly noticeable for this. America had since my last address to her as Thirty Nations added three more States and I was challenged to includo them which 1 did as thus hère are three of thé Stanzas in proof YetMrtynoMe Nations Oonfederate in one, That keep your starry stations Around the Western sun,-I have a glorious mission, And must obey the call, A claim 1-and a petition 1 To set before you all. Giant aggregate of Nations, Glorious Whole of glorious Parts, Unto endless generations Live United, hands and hearts l Be it storm or summer weather, Peaoefui oalm, or battle jar, Stand in beauteous strehgth together, Sister States, as Now ye are t There are also several other like balladisms, and sundry sonnets, all of which I had from timo to time to greet my American audience? withal. And thus before I paid my visita over thore, the land was salted with ore and the water enriched with ground-bait, so that when the poetaster appeared he was welcomed by every class as a promoter of International Kindliness. Charmed with your oommingled beauty England sends the signal round, @Every man must do his duty' To redeem from bonds the bound t Then indeed your banner's brightness Shining olear from every star Shall proolaim your joint uprightness, Sister States, as Now ye are t So a peerless constellation May those stars together blaze@ Three and ten-times threefold Nation Go ahead in power and praise 1 Like the many-breasted goddess Throned on her Ephesian car, Be-one heart in many bodies, Sister States, as Now ye are 1 A VAST volume is before me containing my nrst Ameri-can journal, which I sent over piecemeal in' letters and newspaper clippings to Albury, where my wife and daughters arranged them and kept them safely, till on my return after three months travel 1 pasted them duly into this big book. If 1 were to record a tithe of@~he myriad memorabilia there entered, the present volume now in progress would not a@Bbrd space even for a tithe of that and after all, the result would only appear as a record of numerous private hospitalities which I object to making public , of sundry well-apprecia.ted kindnesses, complimenta, and tokens of honour from stranger friends in many cities, and thé numerous incidents that a tourist visitor ordinarily expériences most of which, althpugh paragraphed in a gossiping fashion through hundreds of thé 3000 American papers, are not worth recording here. In fact, I look at this enormous volume with despair,-the more so that there is its other equally bulky@brother about my second visit,-and so intend to give oniy some samples of both. The world is too full of books, and does not call out for another American Journal. Thé main social interest of my two visits consisted in the contrast shown between the one in 1851 and that in 1876, just a quarter of a century after between in fact CHAPTER XXXII. AMERIOAN VISITS. the extreme drinking habits of one generation and the extreme temperance of another mainly due, amongst other causes, to the overflowing prosperities of the middle of this century and the comparative adversities of its declining years. Jeshurun once waxed fat, and kicked, -but since then he bas become one of the lean kine wines and spirits were formerly in abundance as well as bard.dollars, but hâve now been replaced by the cheaper water and discredited paper. Moreover, such shrewd and caustic writers as the Trollopes and Dixon and Charles Dickens have done great good service to their sensible and. sensitive American brothers,-who, far from resenting strictures which for the moment stung, took the best advantage of their utterance in self-improvement. My first visit was hospitably redolent of -all manner of seductive drinks,-wherein, however, 1 was as they thought too temperate my second was as hospitably plentiful so far as eating went, but iced water wherein I was temperate too appeared solitarily for the universal beverage though even in the most teetotal homes this English guest was always generously allowed his port or Madeira or even his whisky if he wished it. Tempérance was a fashion, a~'Ofe@, on my second visit, as its opposite had been on my first and on each occasion, 1 persisted in a middle course, the golden mean,@which 1 know to be proverbially a wisdom though not at present universally so accepted. It is hopeless for me to look through the multi-tudinous large quarto pages of my@@nrst diaryand its letters, commenta, paragraphs, o. they are only too full of compliments and kindnesses from friends in many instances passed away and I will simply record two or three of the more public hospitalitios whioh greeteâ. me. Oné of these was a grand dinner with the Maryland Historical Society at Baltimore, May i~, 1851, my late friend Mr. Kennedy in the chair as president, while Sir Henry Bulwer and myself supported him right and left, some hundreds of other guests also being présent. Of course all was very well done, luxuriously and magni-ficently but perhaps the best thing I can do if my reader's patience and my present tired penmanship wi@U approve it is to extract from a newspaper, the @Baltimore C@@ pe@~ of the above date, a @précis@ of my speech on the occasion. Some distinguished gentleman having proposed my health,@ This brought to his feet Mr. Tupper, who, having expressed his thanks in an appropriate manner, and acknowledged his superior gratitude to the Author of all good, alluded to that international loving-kindness whioh he aYowed to be one main errand of his life and he very happily brought in Horace's prophetical description of England and America in their relation of mother and child, @0 matre pulohrâ filia pulchrior.' He followed by relating some striking incidents of the good feeling which per-vades the old country in favour of her illustrious on-spring. One we cannot fail to give was that thé Royal Naval School at Greenwich had inserted his well-known' ballad 'To Brother Jonathan' in a collection published for the use of the Royal Navy. The speaker thën paid an eloquent compliment to the literature of Amerioa-her poets, statesmen, historians, and divines. Ho re-joiced that @Insular Amerioa and Continental England' were so intimately and inseparably intermingled in thé authorial productions of the hùman mind, as well as bound together by the strongest ties of nature and reli-gion, of lineage, laws, and language. Adverting tb thé wise piety of such associations as the one before him, he exhorted to keep together the records of the past, that they may sanctify the present and be an encourage-ment to good and a warning against evil for the future. He commented severely upon the vandal act of thé British troops under General Ross in burning thé national archives at Washington. In this connection he introduced the beautiful lines from Milton @@Lift not thy spear against the Muse's bower The great Emathian conqueror bid spare Thé house of Pindarus, when temple and tower Went to the ground.' In conclusion, Mr. Tupper related an interesting fact, which in his mind suggested what should be to Americaus a pleasing idea-possibly a discovery-as to the origin of the national flag. On making a pilgrimage just lately to Mount Vernon, he was forcibly struck by the circum-stance that the ancient family coat-of-arms of the illustrious Washington consisted of three stars in the upper portion of the shield, and three stripes below the crest represented an eagle's head, and the motto was singularly appropriate to American history, @Exitus aota probat.' Mr. Tuppor said he could not but con-sider this a most interesting coincidence. He thougbt the world might well oongratulate America upon being thé Geographical Apotheosis of that gréât unspotted character, who, while he yet lived, was proapectively her typical impersonation. The three stars by a more than tenfold increaso have expanded into thirty-three the glorious Issue bas abundantly vindicated every antécédent fact and your@~hole émergent eagle, fully plumed, is now long risen from ita eyrie and soars sub' limely to the sun in heavea. 1 may venture as an end to all this to quote a bit from my home letter. At 6 o'clock, and thereafter till 12,@1 was the honoured guest at the enclosed splendid banquet. Our English ambassador sat on one side of the chairman and I on the other the newspaper will save me all the trouble of a long account but it was altogether one of the best triumphs I have ever achieved see the papers. My dinner was very light, terrapin@soup, ~OM~fM ïMa 7~ës, and sweetbread with a deluge of iced water, and very little wine. My two speeches raised whiriwiuds of applause, and took the company by storm. It was a most important opportunity for me, and, by God's help, 1 met it mànfully. A@U the prin-cipal people of Maryland were there, besides our own minister with Lady Bulwer in a side@room and that nice young fellow Lytton and there were many other distinguished strangers. You should hâve heard the shouts and cheers which greeted the points of my speech, and thé after congratulations crowded about me. 1 begin to feel that if I had had common chances 1 should have been an orator. When I kindle up, my steam-horse goes off, and carries all his audience with him. While I was speaking, the people moved up @en M Mse@, and they gave me three cheers upstanding when I had done. 'Another memorable event was a grand dinner given to Washington Irving and myself, as chief guests amongst others, by Prince Astor at his palatial residence in New York. As for the profusion of gold plate, glittering glass, innumerable yellow wax.caadios in ormolu chandeliers, and général exhibition of splendid aud luxurious extravagance, and all manner of costly wines and rarest gourmandise, I never have seen its like before or since and more than this if I may state the fact without much imputation of vaingloriousness , the intellectual treat was, to my OMMOMr jp?'op 'g at least, of a still more exquisite character, when our host pro-tested to his company in a generous and genial speech -that, if he could make the exchange, he would give ail his wealth for half the literary glory of Washington Irving and 'Martin Tupper 1 We whispered to each other we heartily wished he could. I strangely missed visiting Irving at his own home, though urgently in-vited to it but somehow other pressing engagements hindered, and so it was not to be. On the same day with the Astorian dinner, Mr. Davis, a man of high social position, had urged me to dine with him, but 1 could not come as engaged till the evening. Now he, a local poet himself, had asked me in divers stanzas of fair rhyme and so, not willing either to beat him in versification or to let him beat me, 1 made this epigrammatic reply in dog-Latin, whioh was taken to be rather 'cute@@ Certes, arnica Davis, Ibo quoounque mavis, Sed princeps Astor primo Me rapuit ad prandium Oum me relinquit, imo In me videbis handyum. This skit was well appreciated. I met at his house divers celebrities, as indeed@@ did at many other splendid mansions, especially at thé Mayor's, Mr. Kingaland 1 hear he is thé third personage in rank in the United States, and helivos with the grandeur of our London Lord Mayor. 1 went with. him on the a ad of Maroh 1851 to one of the most magnificent affairs 1 ever attended. Here is an extract from 'my home-letter journal of same date@@ Mr. Kingsland, the Mayor, came early to invite me to a grand day, being the inauguration of the Croton Waterworks. Went off with him at to from the City Hall in a carriage and four followed by forty new omnibuses and four, some with six horses, and caparisoned with coloured feathers and little flags, be-sides a number of private ca@rnages a gay procession, nearly a, mile long, containing all the legislature and magnates of New York State and of the city-several hundreds. They visited in turn divers public institu-tions, and at most of them I had to speak or to recite my ballads, especially at a Blind Asylum, where, after an address from a blind 'lady the name was Crosby , at the request of the Governor of the State and the Mayor, 1 anawered on the spur of the moment in a speech and a stave that took the room by storm, c. c. And so on for other institutions, and to the open-ing of the Croton Aqueduct. But there is no end to this sort of vainglorious recording. As Willis says in his @Home Journal@ at the time, Mr. Tupper is among us, feeling his way through the wildernesa of his laurels, and realising his share of Emerson's 'banyan' simili-tude,-thé roots that have passed under the sea and come up on this side of the Atlantic rather smothering him with their thriftiness in republican soil. 1 sup-pose by thriftiness he meant tbriyingness. My first acquaintance with N. P. Willis arose in this@ way. He had as I have mentioned before beon in the habit of quoting month after month in his own paper passages from my Proverbial Philosophy, believing that book to be an obscure survival of the Shakespearean era, and that its author Lad been dead some three cen-turies. When he came to town, 1 called upon him at his lodging near Golden Square, walking in plainly @@MMM tambour et trompette, but simply announcing the then young-looking author as his old Proverbialist t 1 never saw a man look so astonished in my life he turned pale, and vowed that he wouldn't believe that this youth could be his long-departed prophet how-ever, 1 soon convinced him that I was myself, and carried him off to dine in Burlington Street. After-wards we improved into a friendship till he went the way of all @nesh in Heaven's good time. Perhaps another notable matter to record is that Presi-dent FiIImore invited me to meet his Cabinet at dinner in the White House, and that 1 there met and conversed im-mensely with Daniel Webster, a colossal unhappy beetle-browed dark-angel-looking sort of man, with a depth for good and ovil in his eye unfathomable also with Home Secretary Corwen, a coarse but clever man, who had been a waggon-driver and with Graham, Secrotary of the Navy, and with Conrad, Secretary at War, both gentle-men and having lofty foreheads and with many more, includ@mg above all thé excellent President, o. c. It was no small honour to meet such men on equal terms. If 1 allowed myself to quote more from my @nrst visit to America, it could only amount to variations of thé samo theme,-the great kindness of all around me to one, however humble, who had shown himself their friend both by tonguo and pen. My books.and my ballads had made the way to their a@neottons, and so thé author thereof reaped their love. A little before my departure on this firat visit this notable matter happened, and 1 will relate it in an extract from my last letter homeward. The happy thought occurred to me to call on Barnum, as I had brought him a parcel from Brette@H and, through him, to leave a card of respect for Jenny Lind. Barnum received me most graciously, and favoured me with two tickets for Jeuny's concert to-night, whereof more anon. Meanwhile I thought of sending to Jenny, through Barnum, a pretty little copy of 'Proverbial Philo-sophy,' with a pretty little note,-whereof also more auoD. Called .on Edwards by good providence, and found that J. 0. Richmond had misled me-ho isn't to be married till next week. A nice visit to Major Kingsland and his good wife -I find tbat my oratory bas gone everywhere, and bas made quite a seNsa-tion. Think of my stammering tongue having achieved such triumphs.-I do hope you get thé papers 1 send. A card at Lester's, Union Hôtel, as to Mary M. Chase. -Dined.-A full feast of reason with George Copway, the Redman chief, a gentleman, an author, and a right good fellow. Meeting also Gordon Bennett,' the great New York Heraldist, who sat next me at dinner, when we had plenty. of pleasant talk together alao Squier, the celebrated American Layard, who bas dis-covered so much of Indian archoeology, a small, good-Jooking, mustaohioed, energetio man also Tuoker-man, the amiable poet also Willis, a good sort of man, just now much calumniated for having shown up Eng-lish sooiety in bis books, but a kindly and a clever every way. Mrs. Willis called and carried off Willis, and I took Tuckerman under my wing to the monster concert at Castle Garden. The immense circalar building, full of heads it holds 80001 and lighted by @cressets@ of gas, put me in mind of Martin's illus-tration of Satan's Throne in Milton 1 The concert, as per programme, was a cold and dull affair enough,-though Lind did terrible heights and depths in the Italian exécution liue,-but after the concert! came this beautiful episode. Barnum hunted me out from the two or three acres of faces,-because the fair and melodious Jenny had expressed to him an urgent wish to see me. When I got to her boudoir, where Barnum introduced me, 1 really thought she would have cried outright,-as feel-ihg herself a stranger in a foreign land, and in the pre-sence of an old unseen book-friend for it seems,-as she told me in beautiful slightly broken English,-that my poor dear @Proverbial Philosophy,@@which 1 never thought she had seen till 1 gave it to her,-bas been to her 'such a comfort, such a comfort, many days ' and she was 'so glad, so ver glad,' to see me, and she looked so unhappy,-though the immense hall was still echoing with those tumults of applause,-and she clasped my hand so often, and would hardly let it go, and made me sit and talk with her, for 1 was @her friend,' and really seemed like a child clinging to its elder brother. 1 was quite sorry to leave her,-and wheu, putting aside all idle musical compliments, 1 tried to cheer her by the thought,-how nobly and generously for many good purposes she was using the melodious gift of God to her, poor Jenny on!y looked up devoutly, and shook her head, and sighed, and seemed unhappy. However, it was time to go, so with another hearty shake-hands, and 'my love to @dear@ England,' Jenny Lind and 1 took leave. This testimony as to my book's good use for comfort,-sho will @read more now she sees me,@ is very pleasing,-it ia much to do poor Jeuny good, who does good to so many others. 1 think l've for-gotten to say that great old Webster, the Secretary of State, avows that lie @always after hard work re@ eshes his mind' with that book and-I might fill volumes with the same sort of thing. God has blessed my writ-ings to millions of the human race 1 And from prince to peasant good has been done through this hand, in-calculable.-God alone be praised. AFTBB thé long interval of five-and-twenty years, filled up with many more such volumes and fly-leaves, 1 called 'again by pressing invitation on my. American oonatituency, and found them as warm and generoua and hospitable as before. This time I was six months a guest among thom,-litera@Uy so, for 1 found myself paased on from home to home, and almost never took my bed at an hotel. The chief feature of this visit was that I posed everywhere as a public reader from my own works, and met with generally good success, in spite of the terrifie winter weather manfully encountered half the time. Everybody knows what extremities of cold are endured both 'in the North-Eastern States and in Canada. At Baltimore 1 have seen the snow piled almost man-high on each side of the middle lane dug for the tramway,-in New York men skated to their offices at Ottawa the thermometer was 25° below zéro, and a@ Montreal it was everywhero deep snow glorious for sieighing , icicles yard long outside the windows,-aud of course emaller audiences to a frozen-up lecturer. Yet many came neverthelesa, and 1 am pleaeed to re-member among them good Bishop Oxeu.den and hia family. In spite, then, of positively Arotio influences, as 1 had to do it, 1 did it bravely and sent home CHAPTER XXXIII. SECOND AMERIOAN VISIT. needfui dollars, and came back with a pocket full too. A@U this is surely part of an author's lifework so 1 am writing appositely. Among notabilia of this second visit, which was crowded like thé former with abundance~of private hospitality and of public honours,-I may record these briefly. Dr. Talmage, my kind and liberal host for two lengthened visits, gave a grand reception on October 26, 1876, to William Cullen Bryant and myself, which was attended by Péter Cooper, Judges Neilson and Reynolds, Mayor Schroeder, Professors Crittenden and Eaton, with some hundred More the chief features of the evening being Bryant's poetieal recitations and mine. On another occasion I read my Proverbial Essay on Immortality at the Tabernacle before.7000 people at Dr. Talmage's special request and of course at Chickering Hall, the Brooklyn Theatre, and other places 1 had to give Readings to large audiences. The Lotos Club and other génial hosts gave me complimentary. dinners. Mr. Hulberti' the well-known editor, made a @@~oe~e carrée@ only four of us to consume some of the rarest delicacies for Lord Rosebery, Mr. Barnum and myself and in fact my journal over@nows with elaborate hospitalities. It was the Centennial Year, and at Philadelphia 1 found abuu-dant weloome, espeoialiy as an inmate of thé genial homes of Mr. Roberts, the eminent Dr. Levis, the ex-cellent Mrs. Fisher, and of Mr. Pettit, the clever artist who painted my portrait complimentarily. Of course 1 did the Great Exhibition thoroughiy, and was quite surprised at îtà splendour and extent I think that the tbirty-three States were represented by no fewer than l80 ornamental edifices full of special produots and treasures. At Niagara 1 stayed twice for a week eaoh, with the kindest of hosts, the Rev. Mr. Fessenden and his good wife, and saw the great cataract in all the magnificence of winter as well as autumn. AIso at the pleasant homes@ of Mr. Lister in Hamilton, at Toronto, Kingston, and above all Montreal, my new but old book friends were full of liberal greetings, and everywhere I had to exhibit mysolf as a Reader from my own works a specialty not common, as combining both author and orator. At Toronto, the ministers, Mr.-now Sir John -Maedonald, and Dr.-now Sir Charles-Tupper were my principal welcomers and 1 dined then with thé Cabinet, as in 1851 1 had with Lord Elgin's in I thiuk the same hall. At Ottawa I found myself full of friends, and visited Lord Dufferin. At Montreal the wealthy merchant, Mr. Mackay of Kildonan since departed and gone up higher , was my generous host and there in one of the hardest winters known 1 often tnade acquaiutance with the splendid gallop of his sleighs, all furs and colour and delightfui excitement on one occasion having nearly had nose and ears @@ost-bitten till my neighbour with his fur gloves and snow rubbed life into them again. With Dr. Dawson pf M'Gill Univorsity 1 had plenty of geological talk, especially about the new found Eozoa of the St. Law-rence stratum,-and with his élever son, and my cousin, Professor Selwyn. Thereafter I went south, the wel-come guest of other cousins, the Vaughan-Tuppers of Brooklyn, among my most hospitable friends over there and we routed out all about our family in Amerioa, as recorded for ton genèrations in Freeman's History of Massaohusetts. And 1 feasted at Mr. Trocke's on trout from Tupper Lake in thé Adirondacks, the namë s CANADA. a?3 eoming from an anoestor, not as after me, though some-times thought so and 1 met with many points both of family and of authorial interest. Then I was enter-tained by thé. New England Society, whiob, amongst abounding luxuries, atill produces as a characteristio dish the frugal pork and beans of Puritan times. And the Century and other Clubs made me free of them. And bf course Longfellow, Bryant, Fielde, Biglow, 0. W. Holmes, and many others, opened their bouses and hearts to me. And'I met and dined in company witn General Grant and all sorts of other celebrities,-and so did ail I hoped to do. Going south, Brantz Mayer at Baltimore, my cousin the Rev. Dr. Tupper Bishop of the Baptists , and many others are memorable. Stay, I will give a casual extract frbm my home-letter, No. 39, of@my second visit, giving several.names. Jan. 18, i8@~, evening. Took an oyster tea at Brantz Mayer's, and read to a party aeveral thinga by request, especially as to the souls of animais. Judge Bond called for me there in his carriage, and toolc me as invited by the President to a grèat assemblage of Baltimore magnâtes inaugurating the John Hopkins University , where 1 had casually quite an ovation, meeting literally hundreds of friends I cannot prétend to remember many names, but these will remind me of others General M'ClelIan, General Ellicott cousin to our Bishop , Carroll, the State Governor, no end of professors, among them Sylvestor, who know my brother Arthur at the Atheneaum, plenty of judges, présidents of institutions, dootors, journalists, lawyers, and many fine @ngure-heads of elderly magnâtes each and ail knew me. as an early book friend, ~nd@@lhad quite to hold a court for two hours, receiving@eaoh as introduced, and having to say something pretty to him. Mr. We!d of Lulworth , married to a rich Balti-morean, takes to me monstrousiy, and with Mr. Presi-dent Gilman is going to manage a Reading hère for me on my return from the South. He took me after'the great event to the Maryland Club making me a member for a month , and we had a glasa of wine together, meeting again several of the bigwiga migrated like ourselves for something better than iced-water@ for the odd thing is that, although the eating luxuries were profuse at this grand banquet,-whole salmons, bolsters of truffied turkey, oysters in every form, and plenty of terrapines, canvas@back ducks, and other costly comestibles,-not a drop of anything but water except indeed tea and coffee was to be had, the excuse being that at least sorne of the party would be sure to take too much so ail are muicted for a few as usual. But my American journals are full of that sort of thing, and this honest extract may serve as a sample. 1 never guessed how crowded up by popularities a poor author may be till 1 had crossed the Atlantic and reaped the kindness of Greater Britain. After all this, 1 went down South,-whero 1 hâve seen brilliant humming-birds flying about, some two or three days after 1 had waded through deep snow north-wards my ohief host, and a right worthy one, being a good cousin, S. Y. Tupper, President of the Chamber of Commerce at Charleston, S.C.. With him and hie I had what is called over there a good time, and indtted several poetical pieces under his hospitable roo@~ in particular Tempérance seo a former page . AIso 1 wrote there another stave of mine whioh caused gréât discussion in.the States, because I, reputed a Liberian and Emancipator, was supposed to have recanted and turned to be South instead of North but 1 was only just and true, according to my lights. Here is the peccant stave, only to be found in Charleston and other American papers of February 1877, therefore will 1 give it here T~A. The world bas misjudged you, mistrusted, maligned you, And should be quick to make honest amends Let me then speak of you just as I find you, Humbly and heartily, cousins and friends 1 Let us remember your wrongs and your trials, Slander'd and plunder'd and crush'd to the dust, Draining adversity's bitterest vials, Patient in courage and etrong in good trust. You fought for Liberty, rather than Slavery 1 Well might you wish to be quib of tbat ill, But you were sold by political knavery, Meshed in dipJomaoy's spider-like skill And you rejoioe to see Slavery banished, While the free servant works well as before, Confident, though many fortunes'hâve vanished, Soon to recover all-rich as before t Doubtiess, there bad been some hardships and eruelties, Cases exceptionàl, evil and rare, But to tell truth-and truly @the@ jewel 'tis-Kindiiness ruled, as a rule, everywhere 1 Servants, if slaves, were your wealth and inheritanoe, Born with your ohiidren, and grbwn on your ground, And it was quite as muoh interest as merit henoe Still to make friends of dependents all round. Yes, it is slander to say you oppressed them i Does a man squander the prioo of hia pelf 1 Was it not often that he who possessod them Eather was ownedby@his servante @Mmseift 1 Caring for all, as in health so in sicknesses, He was their father, their patriaroh chief Age's infirmities, infanoy's weaknesses Leaning on him for repose and relief. When you went forth in your pluck and your bravery, Selling for freedom both fortunes and lives, Where was that prophesied outburst of slavery Wreaking revenge on your ohiidren and vives ? 1 Nowhere t you left all to servile safe keeping, And this was faithful and true to your trust i Master and servant thus mutually reaping Double reward of the good and the just t Generous Southerners@ 1 who address you Shared with too many belief in your sins But 1 reoant it,-thus, let nie confess you, Knowledge is viotor and every way wins For 1 have seen, 1 have heard, and am sure of it, You have been slandored and suffering long, Paying ail Slavery's cost, and the cure of it,-And the gréât world shall repent of its wrong. I need not say what a riot that honest bit of verse raised among the enthusiasts on both sides. I spoke from what I saw@ and soon had reason to corroborate my judgment for I next paid a visit on my old Brook Green achool-friend, Middieton, at his burnt and ruined man-sion near Summervi@Ue once a wealthy and benevoleut patriarch, surrouuded by a negro population who adored him, all being children of the soil, and not one slave having beén sold by him or bis ancestors for zoo years. Aocording to him, thàt violent émancipation was ruin all round in hia own case a great farm of happy depen-dants was destroyed, the inhâbitants all dead through disease and starvation@~a vast estate once well tilled reverted to maish and jungle, and himself and his reduoed to utter poverty,-all mainly beoauso Mrs. Beecher Stowe had exaggerated isolàted @@ots as if they were gênerai, and@because@North and South quarrelled about politics and protection. Mrs. Stowe, I hear, bas learnt wisdom, as I did,-and now like me does justice to both aides. There is no end to extracts from my journals, if 1 choose to make them but 1 think 1 will transcribe four stanzas which I gave to 'Williams Middleton in February 1877, on my departure, as they bring together past and present@@ Anoient sohoolmate at Brook Green Haïf a century ago Nay, the years that roll between Count some @nfty-eight or ao ,-Oh, the scenes 'twixt Now and Then, Life in all ita grief and joys,-Meeting Now as aged men Since the Then that saw us boys 1 There's a charm, a magie strange, Thus to reoognise once more, Changeless in the midst of change Mind and spirit as of yore Even face and form diaoerned Easily and greeted well, While our hearts together burned At sohool-tales we had to tell. Mostly dead, forgotten, gone,-Few old Railtonites of fame Hère and there we noted one , Yat we @End ourselves thé same t Sons of 'either hémisphère We oan never stand apart, With to me Oolumbia dear And my England in your heart. So, I corne at sixty-six, 1 may here record that, accompanied by Middleton, I watched at an alligator's hole with a rifle, but the beast would not corne out, perhaps lucidly for me, if 1 missed a stomach shot that I was prevented from bringing down a carrion vulture, it being illegal to kill those usefui scavengers that I caught some dear little green tree frogs that 1 noted how the rice-fields had become a poisonous marah that 1 noticed the extensive strata of guano and fossil bone pits, securing some large dra-gon's teeth, and with them. sundry flint arrow-heads, suggestive of man's autiquity that 1 lamented over the desolation of my friend's mansion and estate, and in particular to have seen how outrageously the Federals had destroyed his family mausoleum, scattering thé saerod relics of his anoestors all round and about. This wàs simply because he had been a Confederate magnate, and had owned patriarchally a multitude of slaves, born on the spot through two centuries. Ho and his kind brother, the Admirai,-my friendly host at Washington, -have joinod the majority elsewhere but 1 heard from him and otbers down South the truth about American-slavery. For remainder rapid notice. Paul Hayne the poet is remembered well and thé fine old great-grand-mother with eighty-six descendants of my name and thereafter came the inauguration of President Hayes, an You, of good old English stock,-I-some kindred of mine own Found themselves on Plymouth Rook, Five times @Rfty yeara agone Ail across the Atlantio main, With my kith and kin to mix, And to greet you once again t account whereof 1 wrote to thé English papers and hospitalities at the White House, and records of plenty more Readings and réceptions and all about Edgar Poe at Baltimore, and my acquaintance with Henry Ward Beecher, and my final New York hospitalities, and my pamphlet Amerioa Revisited, written on board the return steamer the @Batavia@,-and so an end hurriedly. This was my last farewell to my million friends, pub-lished in Bryant's paper -F t~0 1 A last FarewoII-0 many friends 1 1 leave your love with saddened heart And so my grateful spirit sends This answering love before we part 1 thank you tenderly each one, 1 praise your goodneas, dear to tell, And, well-remembered when l'm gone, Alike will yearn on you as well. A last Farewell-0 my few foes 1 1 fear'd you not, by mouth or pen, But to the battle bravely rose, A man to fight his fight with men And though the gauntlet 1 have run You shall not aay he fail'd or fell, Truly reoording when l'm gone, Ëe fought and won his victories well.. My last Farewell-0 brothers both t No foes at all, but friends all round Albeit now homeward, little loth, To dear old England 1 am bound-Accept this short and simple prayer A oheerful verse, no parting bn@oU , To every one and everywhere My thankful blei3sing, and FarèweII t I HAVE another vast volume before me, recouuting my English and Scotch Reading Tours, with full détails of innumerable home kindnesses and hospitalities, from Ventnor in the South to Peterhead in the North, which 1 need not particularise. I gave twenty-one Readings from my own Works southward, in a dozen towns-with a regular eM repeM6M?', who was my M~M~ coM~cr everywhere, making all arrangements, placarding, adver-tising, hiring halls, engaging reporters, and the like when all was ready, 1 used to come forward,. as the General does at a review, and then succeeded the sham-fight and division of the@spoils of war-if any for, to say truth, our partnership did not prove. lucra-tive, so we parted with mutual esteem, and I resolved to accomplish all the rest of my projected tour alone a great effort and a successful one, for I orated all through Scptiand, from Ayr to Peterhead far north of Aberdeen , often to very large audiences as at Glasgow, whore thé number was said to be three thousand and always to fair ones, the Scotch being muoh more given to litèrature than thé West of England. I could give innumerable anecdotes of the splendid as well as kindly weloome I received from great and small -for as 1 now had no attending agent I was all the more eagerly CHAPTER XXXIV. EN LISH AND SCOTCH BEADINGS. treated as a solitary guest,-and I found mysolf handed on from one rich host to another ail through the land, with numerous book friends everywhere ready and willing to make all arrangements freely at each town and city..So the tour paid botter every way, albeit the toil and excitement of being always to the front, either on platforms or at dinner-parties, was excessive though not exhausting. It is astonishing what one can do if one tries, and if thé sympathy of friends and a really good success are at hand to cheer one. 1 wish there was space here to say more about all this but the great book before me would print up into several volumes. I will only. add, as below, an interesting extract from this diary, just before I had parted with my worthy agent aforesaid @@He has told me some curious anecdotes abqut eminent @artistes@ whom he has chaperoned, @e.y.@ Thackeray came to Clifton to give four readings on the Georges thé @Ërst reading had only three auditors, the second not one so Thackeray went away. Beliew is uncertain sometimes having empty benohes, sometimes overflowing ones, according to the programme, whether serious or laughable. Tom Hood gave a lecture on Humour, which was so dull that thé audience left him. Miss Glyn Dallas oftén reads @Cleopatra,' magni@ûcently too, to empty benches. Sims Reeves draws a vast audience, but sometimes at the last moment refuses to sing probably paying forfeit beoause he is always afraid of something giving way @m his throat. Dickens, though with crowded audiences, was not liked, nor nearly so good as Mr. expeotëd t ho oarried about with him a sort of show-box, set round with lights and covered with purple oloth, in the midst of whioh he appeared in full evening costume with bouquet in button-hole, and, as Mr. said, @very sti@@S' Mr. haa just engaged Madame Lemmens Sherrington and six others for sixty-throo concerts at a cost of ~4000, for he says that good music after low humour is the best thing to pay. May his spirited spéculation prosper t Thus much for my quotation of Mr. -s experiences. It may interest a reader if 1 give, quite at haphazard, a list of one of my readings Weloome Adventure Yesterday, To-day, and To-morrow A@H's for the Best Energy Success Warmth Be True Of Love Thé Lost Arctic Thé Way of .the World Cheerfulness. A@U these may be found in my Miscellaneous Poems and Proverbial Philosophy. I varied the programme-of about an hour and a hait each sometimes two -fre-quently through my @nfty readings on this side of the Atlantic, as well as through my hundred over there. How strange that the stammerer should hâve so.beoome thé orator t-1 thank God for this. Before a final end to this brief record of my home-readings, 1 will add another page of short extracts from this@diary Il Though I@continually read for nearly two hours at a atretch and that somotimes twice a day too 1 take no intervals, and hardly anything but 'a sip of water. Energy and électrical effort are stimulants enough. Il I always exert mysolf quite as muoh for few as for many perhaps more so. No one ever can read well or hold his audience if he doesn't feel what he reads. Some of the olergy are no groat iriends of mine one told me to-day that @perpétuai dearly beloved brethren had spoilt him for éloquence, and he didn't care to hear mine.' This was at Salisbury, in a coffee-room. Cathedral towns are aiways dùllest and least sympathetic with lecturing laymen for example, at Bristol, Salisbury, Worcester, Gloster, and the like. Are the clerics jealous of lay spouters~ 1 Dissenting ministera and Presbyterians seem far more genial. 1 travelled about fifteen hundred miles by rail, besides coaches and carriages. My aggregate of paying hearers was about sixteen thousand, the bulk being old book-likers. The gain was nearly four times as much as the cost, good hospitality having been the ruie. 1 read publicly private readings additional, as often asked after dinners, c. twenty-nine proverbial essays and thirty-eight poems repeated according to popularity by request to two hundred. I only do not name aome of my generous Scotch and English hosts for fear of seeming to have forgotten others by omission and the list is too lengthy for full 'insertion as also is the long story of'my adventures and experiences in thé hospit-able@North. MiSCBiLLANBOUS POEMS. Before dismissing thus curtly@ my great Scottish ex-ploit which, by the way, anticipated by three years my second Amerioan visit, but 1 would not disjoin that from my @nrst 1 ought to give some account of the publica-tion of my Miscellaneous Poems by Gall Inglis at Edinburgh, and of some few of the hospitalities con-nected thorewith, though not revealing domesticities, as against my wholesome rule. An odd thing happened to me at Mr. Inglis's dinner-table.'where I@met sevoral literary colebfities. 1 had, just read, and was loud in my praisûs of a then anony-mous work, Primeval Man Unvëilod, and 1 asked my neighbour, an aged man, if he knew that extraordihary book ? Whereupon the whole table saluted thé ques-tioner with a loud guffaw for I was speaking to its author, whom 1 had innocently so bepraised. However, my mistake was easily forgiven, as may be imagined. I found that the said author was Mr. Inglis'a near rela-tive, Mr. Ga@@i!so my new publisher and I were.imme-diately @en ~0!ppor@ . There are two simultaneous éditions of this book of my poetry-one.called the Redlined and the otber thé Landsoape. the first on thick paper, and with eight steel engravings, the latter having every page decorated in colours with beautiful borderings of scenery. The volume contains about one-half or less of all the mass of lyrioa 1 have written, some of the pieces having been in earlier books of my poetry, as Ballads and Poems,, Cithara, Lyrios of the Heart and Mind, Hactenus, A Thousand Lines, c. o. and they date, though not printed in systematic order, from my fifteenth year to beyond my sixtietb. Fly-leaf lyrica have been con-tinually growing ever-since now to my seventy-sixth. Here are a few further random@ extracts from my Scotch diary@ ABBROATH,~Mn~bf. 2, 1873@.-What a oomf~rt it is for once to feel utterly unknown for even' my luggage has only a monogram, and here at the White Hart 1 am No. 13, and a commercial gent to all appearance really, it ia quite a relief to bo some one else than Martin Tupper. '~Read@J. S. Mill's autoUiography poor wretch@ from his cradle brought up as an atheist by a renegade father, he can have been hardly more responsible for hia no faith thau a born idiot. However, in thèse in@ndel last , times, and with our very very broad-ohurch and no-church teaohicgs, a man has only to be utterly god'iess so he be moral to make himself a name for pure reason. l'd sooner be the most unenlightened Christian than such a false philosopher. Let a Goldsmith say of me, @No very great wit, he believed in a God,' for I refuse to deny one, like the Psalmist's fool. I throw myself so into my readinga, tbat 1 almost forgët my audience, till their cheering, as it were, wakes me up,-and I feel every word I say if I didn't, that word would fall dead. There is a magnetism in earnestness,-an elec-tric power 1 am in a way full of it when reciting, and I am aware of it flowing through the masa of my audience. It was a touching thing to me to hear the aged Mr. B- conduet his family worship, singing like an old Covenanter the harmonious Puritan dirgy hymn, reading thé Bible most devoutly, and praying as only Presbyterians ean pray from the heart and not from a formai @Hturgy, earnestly and eloquently he prayed also for me and mine, and I thank God and him for it. My host at Ayr drove me in his wag-gonette to see the mausoleum at Hamilton Palace, with its wonderfui bronze doora after Ghiberti, and its inlaid marble @Roor, much of which is of real verd antique in small pieces.' Then we went down among thé dead men, and inspected thé coffins of nearly a@U thé Dubea of Hamilton. It is an outrage to have expended ao @~oh ~ 100,000 on this seuselesa mausoleum, and to have left close by and within sigbt of the great Grooian palace those@BI@thy@crowded streets@of@poverty@and'dis-ease-tho wretohed town of Hamilton-as a contrast to profuse extravagance. The last Duke, the very Lord, Douglas who waa in the same class with me at Christ Church, and is supposed to have personated me in Tom Quad, bas a@very@gracefui temple of@Vesta all to him-self, with his bust in the middle his father lies, of all heathonish absurdities, in a real antique Egyptian sar-cophagus, into which it is said he was fitted by internai scoopings, the Duke being taller than its former tenant, thé Pharaoh.. A@U this done, we drove through some rugged parts of the High Park, to see magniflcent oaks, much like some at Albury, in hopes of coming upon the famous wild cattle, grey, with black feet, ears, tail, and nose, and stated to be untameable. To our great satisfaction we did see a herd of thirty-four feeding quietly. enough had we been walking instead of driving we might have fared poorly as. hunted ones though 1 confess 1 saw at first no fiercenesa in the lot of them but when the herd sighted us, and began omin-ously to commence encircling our gig, under the guid-ance of a terrible bu@l! we turned and fled, as the discreeter part of.wisdom Captain Hamilton, my host, telling me that if they charged ua wo must jump out and swarm up a trea t 1 was glad to be out of such a fearful escapade as that. As to diversities in. the Scotch Church, after seeing many cJerical specimens of each.kind,.I.judgo that generally the Established Scotch gives itself the superior airs of the Established English the Frees are the most .intellectual thé. U.P.s most pious thé Scottish Episcopal getting excessively high and some other varieties growing far too broad and pantheistic. 1 don't wonder to hear Fapists say that Protéstantism is breaking up no two parsons are agreed on all points, some on none. As for social hospitalities, 1 found them either splon-did or kindly-or both-eyerywhere and will only name Captain Hamilton of BpzeIIe, Sir Michael Shaw Stewart of Ardgowan, Mr. Boyd of Glasgow, Mr. Gall and Mr. Nelson of Edinburgh, Mr. Arthur of Paisley, and suoh other millionaire hosts as James Baird, William Dickson, and the like, as among my wealthiest and kindest welcomers. Of course, when a guest for a week at Rozelle, 1 paid due homage to Burns in his own territory visiting his natal cottage, his funeral cenotaph, Alloway Kirk, thé Auld Brig, c. c.-all thèse in company with thé mil-lionaire iron-master and most enthusiastio admirer of Tam-o'-Sbanter, Mr. James Baird. When he took me to his magnificent castle hard by, he said to me Ye're vera welcome to ma hoose,@@and 1 entered to inspect his gallery of pictures among them 1 noticed, with surprise at@suoh an incongruous subject for a painting, an ugly red factory in course of building, and a man on a ladder leaning against it, with a hod on his shoulder. To my inquiry about this, he replied, Yon's mysol', -Fm proud to say that's what I was, aud this is what 1 am. He had made, while yet a workman, some dis-covery about cold blast or hot, blast I don't know which and gained enormous wealth thereby. He is the man who gave half a million of money to the Scotch Established Churcb. 1 HAVE something of interest to aay abput thé first laying of the electric telegraph across the Atlantic. Sir Culling Eardley invited a number of savants, among them Wheatstone and Morse, and others, both English and American, to a great feast inaugurating the com-pletion of the câble and I, amongst other outsiders, had the honour of being asked. I had written, and after dinner I read, the verses following, which had the good and gréât effect of originating the first message see the seventh stanza which was adopted by acclama-tion and sent off at once boing only preceded, for courtesy-sake, by a short friendly greetiug from Queen to President, and President to Queen. Thé heading runs in my book as The Atlantic Telegrapb. CHÂFTERXXXV. ELEOTBIOS. Worid 1 what a wonder is this, Grandly and simply sublime,-Ail the Atlantio abyss Leapt in a nothing of timé 1 Even the ateeds of the aun Haïf @@day panting behind, In the flat race that ia run, Won by a .flash of the mind 1 Lo 1 on this aensitive@ @Hnk-It is one link, not a ohain-Man with hia brother oan think, Spanning the breadth of the main, Man to his brother oan speak Swift as the boit from a oloud, And where its thunders were weak There his least whisper is loud@ Yea for as Providence wills, Now doth intelligent man Conquer material ills, Wrestling them down as he can,-And @by one weak little ooil Under the width of the waves, Distance and Time are his spoil, Fotter'd as Caliban slaves l Ariel ?-right through the sea We oan fly swift aa in air ¡ Puok 1-forty minutes shall be Sloth to the bow that we bear Hère is Earth's girdle indeed, Just a thought-oirolet of @nre,-Delioate Ariel freed Sings, as she @nies, on a wire 1 Courage, 0 servants of light, For you are safe to snoceed ¡ Lo@ you are helping the Right, And shall be @Mest in your deed. Lo@ you ahall bind in one band, Joining the nations as one, Brethren of every land, Blessing them under the sun 1 This is Earth's pulse of high heaith Thrilling with vigour and heat, Brotherhood, wisdom and wealth, Throbbing in every béat ¡ But you muât watoh in gdod sooth Lest to false fever it swerve,-Touoh it with tenderest truth As thé worid's exquisite nerve t Another Electric poem of mine called The First Message, also in Gall's édition, was sent over by tele-graph to America. What a miserable muddle, by thé way, those meddlesome revisers have made of The Angel's Message -preferring a dubious sigma to a comma, they have utterly spoilt that sublime trilogy by making Peace upon earth, goodwill towards men, read Peace upon earth among men in whom he is well pleased. How clumsy and how ungrammatical, @in@ whom 1 The whole dear Bible bas beon terribly damaged by their 36,000 needless alterations in the New Testament not 100 having been really necessary , and I know not how many more myriads in the Old, but happily their Version falls dead, and will soon bo as forgotten as Dr. Conquest's Bible with 20,000 ementlations, whereof 1 now possess a somewhat scarce copy in the library at Albury. I have loss than no patience with those principally clerical revisers albeit for their chairman, Dr. Ellicott, 1 retain a, pleasant memory from Orkney recollections in old days. t But this ia a digression, wrung from me by my righteous wrath against those who have done their worst to spoil for us The Angel's Message, the @6tst word uttered by the telegraphio wire under the sea. Let the first message aoross-High-hearted Commerce, give heed-Not@be@of@pro@Ët@or@Ioss, But one eleotrio indeed Pr~ise to the Giver be given, For that He giveth man skill, Glory to God in the Heaven l Peaoe upon earth, and goodwill 1 Returuing to the subjeot of Eleotrics I have something of interest to say which will be news to my readers. One day when casually dipping into Addison's @Spectator@ at Albury, I made the following discovery which I recorded in the newspapers at the time, and give the extract now fully as thus @In thé a~ist No. of Addison's @~pec@@~o?', bearing date Thursday, December 6th, 1711, and as signed fi C. one of the letters of the mystié OEio , by the great Joseph Addison himself, oecurs the following remarkable anticipation of our presumably most modern diacoyery. Those who have access to the London edition of the @Spectator@ of i8~.f, published by J. J. Chidiey, 123 Aldersgate Street, can verify the verbatim faithfulness of thé following extract from page 274@@ Strada, in one of his Prolusions Lib. II. prol. 6 , gives an account of a chimerical correspondence between two friends by the help of a certain loadstone, which had such virtue in it, that if it touched. two several needles, when one of the needles so touched began to move, the other, though at never so great a distance, moved at the same time, and in the same manner. He tells us that the two friends, being each of them pos-sessed of one of those needles, made a kind of dial-platë, inscribing it with four-and-twenty letters, in the same manner as the hours of the day are marked upon the ordinary dial-plate. They then @nxed one of the needles on eaoh of these plates in such a manner that it could move round without impediment, so as to touch aay of the, four-and-twenty letters. fi Upon their separating from one another into distant countries, they agreed to withdraw themselves puno-tually into their closets at. a certain hour of the day, and to converse with one another by means of this their in-vention. Accordingly, whon they were some hundred miles asunder, each of them shut himself up in his closet at the time appointed, and immediately cast his eye upon his dial-plate. If he had a mind to write anything to his friend, he directed his needle to every letter that formed the words which he had occasion for, making a little pause at the end of every word or sentence, to avoid confusion. The friend in the meanwhile saw his own sym-pathetic needle moving of itself to every letter which that of his correspondent pointed at. By this means they talked together across a whole continent, and con-veyed their thoughts to one another in an instant over cities or mountains, seas or deserts. If Monsieur Scudery, or any other writer of romance, had introduoed a necromancer, who is generally in the train of a knight-errant, making a present to two lovera of a couple of these above-mentioned needles, the reader. would not have been a little pleased to have seon them corresponding with one another when they were guarded by spies and watchers, or. separated by castles and adventures. Il In the meanwhile, if ever this invention should be revived or put in praotioe, 1 would propose that upon the lovor's dial-plate there should be written not only the four-and-twenty letters, but several entire words which have aiwaya a place in passionate epistles, as @ûames, darts, die, language, absence, Oupid, heart, oyes, hang, drown, and the like. This would very much abridge the lover's pains in this way of writing a letter, as it would enable him to express the most usefai and significant words with a single touch of the needle.-C. Thus far Addison, a hundred and seventy years ago, and Strada whoever he may be, for ordinary bio-graphical dictionaries ignore him , perhaps fifty before him, and the two unknown experimentalists, perhapa twenty beyond that, making iu ail two hundred and forty or fifty years ago as the date of electrical in-vention whereof we Bée no further mention in the @Spectator@. But is it not aiso among the Century of the Marquis of Woreester'B Inventions ? -as is pos-sible the scarce volume is not near me for reference. Let the curious reader who can, turn to it and see. Meanwhile, how strangely Addison and Strada have anticipated the dial-plate, and thé needles, and the letters, and the short forma for common words, all so familiar to our telegraphists. Verily there is nothing new under the sun. Extract from my Archive-book, No. 8. Date October 15. @i~6.@@ was again an electric guest, this time at the Great Albion dinner Liverpool to Mr. Morse, whom 1 had met at Erith and in America. A day or two afterwards 1 sent him a letter of invitation to Albury, enclosing the sonnet below and not knowing his London address 1 posted it to my brother Charles in London for him to read and forward. Lucky enough that 1 did s6, for Mr. Morse had just sailed for America so Charles had both prose and poetry telegraphed to him in New York, -and the Company would not charge any money for it 1 This is perhaps the only time a sonnet ever travelled by telegraph, and certainly the only time it ever so travelled gratis. Hère it is, for which I had a very complimentary and grateful note from Samuel F. B. Morse, as an ardent admirer, c. As never in print till now, I trust it will be-acceptable to my readers. Mr. Morse's pub-lished speech was religiously high-minded and true-hearted, as indicated in the sonnet. To .P~MOf JMM'M, M pleasant memory of O@@o 0~ 10, 18~6,@@@@ Albion. A good and generous spirit ruled the hour ¡ Old jealousies were drowned in brotherhood, Philanthropy rejoiced that skill and power, Servants to science, oompasa ail men's good And over all Religion's banner stood, Vpheld by @thee@, true Patriarch of the plan Which in two hémisphères was aohemed to shower Meroies from GoD on universal man. Tes, this eleotrio ohain from East to West More than mere métal, more than Mammon can, Binds us together kinsmen, in the béat As moat a@Seotionate and frankest bond, Brethren at one, and looking far beyond The world in an eleo.tno union @Mest. CHAPTER XXXVI. THE RIFLE A PATRIOTIO PROPHEOY. THBRE is an extinct pamphlet, now before me, pub-lished by Routledge in 1860, entitled The Rifle Move-ment Foreshown in Prose and Verse from 1848 to the Present Time,@@from my pen,-whieh proves that, in conjunction with my friend Evelyn and a few others, 1 may justly claim to hâve originated that cheap de-fence of England, at Albury, more than a dozen years before it was thought of anywheré by any one eise. Take the trouble to read the following longish extract from the fifth edition of the above, aud please not to omit the leash of ballads wherewith it ends. And now, next, about this Rifle pamphlet. Evéry page carries ite date honestly, and several very curiously. In some of the editions there appears a rifle ballad of mine, written in 1845, and published in 1846 in the first issue of my Ballads and Poems-Hall Virtue with the strange title Rise Britannia, @a Stirring ~S'o~~M'P~~o~t~ the Year 1860@ an anticipation by fourteen years of the actual date of the Rifle Move-ment. lu ail the editions, the papers on 'Cheap So-curity' boing Talks between Naaman Mun' a Quaker , Till a commercial gont , Doit a philanthropist , Fun-ker an ordinary unwarlike paterfamilias , and a certain Tom Wydeawake patriotio but peculiar oontain de-tailed allusions, though written several years before any definite existence, to the National Rifle Association, and to exactly such annual prize gatherings of riflemen as those at Wimbledon Cominon and Brighton Downs, and this latest at Blaokheath. The discouragements of Tom Wydeawake and his few compeers were remark-able. He himself might fairly have claimed the honours of origination, disoussed some two or three years ago, but he left them to others-@~tc vos non vobis@, c. Without mentioning names, several-since distin-guished as prominent in Rifledom-were once@ to my certain knowledge, and still to be evidenced by their extant letters, bitterly opposed to the whole movement, -and 1 cannot conclude thèse remarks better or more appositely than by adding here, with real dates, the three following ballads, which tell their own tale briefly and suggestively. 1 print them here, as they are now to be found nowhere else. The first, published in newspapers during June 1859 following several others of a like character, with my namo or without it , was the origin of the Volunteers@ motto-being headed 2?~?MOM MM~. Nearer the muttering thunders roll, Blaoker and heavier frowns the sky,-Yet our dauntless English soul Faces thé storm with a steady eye ¡ Hande are strong where hearts are stout ¡ Our rifles are ready-look out l No one wishes the atorm tô roll here-No one oares suoh a devil to raise,-And in brotherhood, not in fear@ Only for peaoe an Englishman prays,-Yet he may shout in thé midst of the rout, Our rifles are ready-look out t Keep to your own, like an honest man, And here's our hand, and here's our heart, Let the world see how wisely you can Play to the end a right neighbourly part,-But if misohief ia oreeping about, Our rifles are ready-look out t No'de@Sance is on our lips, Nothing but kindliness greets you here ¡ Still, in the storm our dolphin ships Round the Eddystone dart and steer,-And on shore-no doubt, no doubt-Our rifles are ready-look ont@ Not Defianoe, but only Defenoe, Hold we forth for humanity's saké,-And, with the help of Omnipotence, We shall stand when the mountains quake Only in Him our hearta are atout Our rifles are ready-look ont! A ~~MM~ K' Albury @~M~.@ A rhyme for the Club, for the brave little Club That stoutly went forward when others held baok, And, reokless of many a sneor and a snub, Steer'd manfully straight upon Duty's own tack,-Though qnarrelBomo peaoemongers did their small worst@ In spite of their toùgnes and in spite of their teeth, We stood up for England among the few first, With rifles and targets on Surrey Blackheath t Time was when Tom Wydeawake, ten years agone, Toil'd to arouse dull old Britain betimes, By example-he ehouldered his r@@Me alone, By preoepi-he showered his letters and rhymes,-With bullets he peppered old Sherborne'a hillaido, With ballads and articles worried the Press,-The more he was snaor'd at, the strocger he tried, And would not be satisfied short of Suooess. And now is his Fanoy thé front of the van, And England an archer, as in the past years, And stout middle age carries arms like a man, And all the young fellows are amart Volunteers And Herbert, and Elcho, and Spencer, and Hay, And Mildmay, and all the best names in the land On a national soale aohieve grandly to-day What Wydeawake sohemed with his brave little band f Then oheers for the Queen@ for the Club t and the Corps t For Grantley, and Evelyn, an4 Sidmouth, and all ¡ With Franklin, and Mangles, and six dozen more, The first to spring forth at Britannia's call I And long may we live with ail peaoeably hère-For olive,'not laurel, is GIory's true wreath-But if the wolf cornes, he had botter keep olear Of a Club of crack shots upon Surrey BIaokheath JMyiSëo. And the third is a small record of our Easter .Mon-day's Review, 1864, alluding to the present universality of the Rifle Movement contraatod with its originally small beginnings on the same spot. @Surrey ~a!c~ t A. Surrey Blackheath 1 old scene of beginnings Humble enough some dozen years baok, Gather to-day s rich harvest of winninge, Sprung of that sowing in Memory's traok Reap your revenges in honour and pleasure -Thousands of riflemen arm'd to'the teèth-Orowds by ten thousands, in holiday leisure, Throng the wild beauties of Surrey Blaokheath 1 Wo were the @nrst our rifles to shoulder, First to wake England though voted a bore First in this nation who roused her, and told her She muet go arm'd to bo safe, as of yore 1 Those were the days before corps and their drilling, When the true patriot was oheok'd with a snub, So, on Blaokheath, devotedly willing, Stood your first ri@nemen-Albury Club 1 Yes, we stood @@@@~M, in spite of their coidness, Duty's first marksmen-whate'er should betide,-Conquering Sucoess-thé sure fruit of boidness-World-witnessed now by this field-day of pride 1 And though they laugh'd at Tom Wydeawake's fttnoies, Olives and laurels combine in his vreath For, the worid's peaoe-in England's and Franoe's-Sprung of that sowing on Surrey Blackheath@ AfafcA s, 1864.@ Lord Lovelace will remember how much he opposed our rifle-elub,-as in those days illegal, and 8o the Lord-Lieutenant of Surrey might not sanction it but now his Lordship is our leading volunteer. Besides the three ballads above, I wrote seven others which rang round the land, and some of them, as Hurrah for the Rifle, and In days long ago whan old England was young, have been sung at Wimbledon and other gatherings. It may be worth while, soeing thé ballads are hope-lessiy out of print, if 1 here transcribe a few stanzas' from divers other staves 1 penned in the early days of Rifledom. First, from Rise, Britannia, before men-tioned, which was written and printed in 18~.6, and then headed,. by a strange anticipation, a stirring song for patriots in the year 1860 reproduced in my now extinct Cithara, in !863 1 wrote it to be sung to the tune of Wha wouldna feoht for Oharlie even as afterwards 1 adapted my In days long ago when old England was young to Thé roast-beef of old England, published with my own illustration by Oocks Co.@@ Bise t ye gallant youth of Britain, Gather to your oountry'6 oall, On your hearts her name is written, Rise to help her, one and all l Cast away eaoh feud and faction, Brood not over wrong nor ill, Rouse your virtues into action, For we love our country still, Hail, Britannia t bail, Britannia l Raise that thrilling shout once more, Rise, Britannia@ rule, Britannia 1 Conqueror over sea and shore@ After three stanzas which 1 will omit, the laat is Bise then, patriots t name endearing,-Flock from Sootland's moors and dales, From the green glad fields of Erin, From the mounta.in homes of Walea,-Rise 1 for sister England oalls you, Rise@ our commonweal to serve, Rise t while now the song enthrals you Thrilling every vein and nerve,-Hail, Britannia t hail, Britannia 1 Oonquer, as.thou didst of yore ¡ Rise@ Britannia t rule, Britannia 1 Over every sea and shore@ Another noted alaj-um, sounded in January 1852, commences thus @@Englishmen, up t make ready your rifles 1 Who can tell now what a day may bring forbh 1 Patoh up all quarrels, and stick at no tri@Ëea,-Let the world seo what your loyalty's worth 1 Loyalty!-sel@ûshness,@powardioe,@terror Stoutly will multiply loyalty's aum, When to astonish presumption and error Soon the shout rises-the brigands are ooine '~ After four stanzas of happily unfulfilled prognostica-tion, the last is-@Up then and arm t it is wisdom and duty We are too tempting a prize to be weak Lo, what a pillage of riches and beauty, Glories to gain and revenges to wreak t Run for your rifles, and stand to your drilling Let not the wolf have his will, as he m@~ht, If in the midst of their trading and tilling Englishmen oannot-or care not to-fight@ One only stanza more, the last of another also in 1832. Arm then at once t If no one attaok us Botter than well, for the rifle may rust ¡ But if the pirates be coming to saok us, Level it oa@M@y, and @od be your trust t Oniy, while yet there's a moment, keep steady Skilfully, duteously, quiokly prepare,-Then with a nation of riflemen ready, Nobody'11 come because no one will dare@ In those days of a generation back, so gréât was the scare everywhere of Napoleon's rabid colonels a-coming that 1 remember my brother Arthur counselling me to sink our plate down a well for safety and Mr. Drum-mond in a pamphlet exhorted thé cre,ation of refuges round the coast by getting the owners of mansions to fortify them as strongholds, filling the windows with grates and mattresses, and loopholing garden-walls for shots at marauders on the roads 1 Yet, so sloepy was the British Lion that neither Drummond. nor I, nor even the ~MM, whieh 1 invoked, could wake him up for many years and the Volunteer movement did not take effeot till Louis Napoleon kindly urgod Palmerston to check his'rabid colonels by a bold front of preparation. 1 am minded to finish with a mild anecdote which carries its moral. Now, understand that I never pre-tended to be a crack shot, thougli 1 did make fair practice through the Indian twist, thé sling support-ing one's arm if 1 hit the target occasionally, 1 was aa.tis@6ed. But it once happened at Teignmouth, where 1 was a casual visitor that, seeing a squad of volunteers praotisiDg at a mark on the beach, 1 went to look on, and was courteously offered a shot, being not unknown by fame to some of them. The target was at some goc~ yards say about a third of a mile , so it was not likely 1 could hit it, with a chance rifle, perhaps carelessly sighted yet, when I did let fly, to the loud admiration of the others and to my own astonishment which of course 1 did @not@ reveal , the marker signallod for a bu@R's eye 1 Entreated to do it again, this prudent rifleman modestly declined, for he remembered Sam Slick's lucky shot at the floating bottle it was manifestly his wisdom not to risk fame won by a fluke. So the moral is, don't try to do, twice what you've done well once. A WORD or two about autographs, surely a topic suit-able to this book in fact, 1 hâve sometimes preferred to spell it authorgraphs most publie men are troubled nowadays with this sort of petty homage, and 1 more than suspect that some collectors make merchandise of them my valuable collection being often the form in which strangers solicit the flattering boon. Once I bad a queer proof as to the money value of my own,-as thus 1 went quite casually into an auctioneer's in Piccadilly, to a book-sale a lot of sorne half-dozen volumes were just being knocked down for nexf to nothing such is our deterioration in these newspaper days when the wielder of Thor's fateful hammer, dis-satisfied at the price, asked for the lot to look at,-and coming amongst others to a certain book with hand-writing in it, said, UWhy, here's one with Martin Tupper's autograph,@@on which a buyer called out, l'il give you eightoenpenoe@more for that,@@suggestive to me of my auction value,-@M 1 have sometimes said. If, however, the more than hundreds thousands 1 hâve been giving for thèse fifty years, really have so easily gratified friends known or unknown, I am glad to be in that way so much a gainer. Amerioans in partioular ask frequently, and sometimes with wisely enolosed CHAPTER XXXVII. AUTOGRAPHS AND ADVERTISEMENTS. stamped and addressed envelopes, which is a thing both consideratè and praiseworthy but a very different sort and not easily to be excused are those who send registered albums by ppst for one's handwriting, ex-peeting to hâve them returned similarly at no small cost. Longfellow told me of this kind of young lady taxation, and mentioned that he once had to pay twelve shillings for a registered return quarto. I dare say that our popular Laureate has had similar. experiences. The most wholesale order for my signature was at New York in 1851, when at a party there my perhaps too exacting hostess put a large pack of plain cards into my hand, posted me at a corner table with pen and ink, and @natteringly requested an autograph for each of her 100 guests 1 of course, even this was graciously con-ceded,-though rather too much of a good thing, I thought. 'There is wisdom somo have hinted to me in pre-ferring a card to a sheet of paper not only beoause 1 I promise to pay might possibly be written @@t extra@ over one's signature, but also because and far more pro-bably any speèial fad, politioal, social, or. religious, might be added above-to all seeming-your written approbation @e.g.@, I was told in Amprica that my@auto-graphed opinion in favour of Unitarianism had been so. seen at Boston. Some zealots for a cause oven go so far as that. My saie course is to write the hand-writing of So-and.so, where from total ignorance of my correspondent 1 cannot honestly say I am truly Il yours. Other forms of authorial homage are to. be met with in ~he way of complimentary photographs, and oil or, u. water-colour portraits. Like all other book ceJebrities, 1 have had to stand for minutes or.sit for days, dozens of times and seeing that, wherever I have been on my Reading Tours, on this side of the Atlantic or the other, photographie Il artists hâve continually solicited the honour, the result bas been that 1 used to keep. a a book of horrors, proving how variously and oftetitimes how vulgarly one's features oomo out when the impartial sun portrays them. As with the contradictory critiques about one's writings,@so also is it with the conflicting apparitions of comeliness or ugliness in the heliotyped exploits of different-some of them indi@Serent-pho-tographers. Several, however, hâve suéceeded well with me as Sarony in New York, Elliott Fry of Baker Street and Brighton, Negretti Zambra at the Crystal Palace, and divers others but one need not reckon up our failures, as Brummell's valet has it. As to the several oil portraitures of me, there is extant a splendid full-length of myself and my brother Dan, with large frilled@col!ars and the many-buttoned suits of the day, when we were severally ten and nine years old, now hanging at Albury, painted by my great-uncle, Arthur W@Dliam Devis, the celebrated hisL to@ncal painter this haa been exhibited among works of the British old masters in Pall Mal . Also, there is one by T. W. Guillod, in my phase as an author at@twenty-seven auother is by thé older Piokers-gill, so dark and laoking in Oaucasian comeliness that the engraving there@ om in one of my books makes me look like a nigger, insomuch that some Abolitionists olaimed me as ail the more their @@voùrite for my @Mack btood 1 On thé other hand, Mr. Edgar Williams bas made me much too @norid 'while recently that rising young artist, Alfred Hartley, bas caught my true like-ness, and bas depicted me aptly and well, as may now be seen in the pieture-gallery of the Crystal Palace. Then Mr. Willert Beale Walter Maynard by literary @nom de pinceau et de @~~MMM, for he is both a painter and an author has lately portrayed me in crayons, @Hfe-sized, an unmistakable likeness and years ago Monsieur Rochard, in a large water-coloured drawing, made me look very French, quite a jpe~-MM~e, in which dis-guise 1 was engraved for some book of mine all the above, except Rochard's, having been done com-plimentarily. In America Mr. Pettit's life-sized oil portrait is the most noticeable. Two queer anecdotes 1 must give about another form of author-worship to which we poor vain mortals. are occasionally exposed, viz., what Pope called in Belinda'a case Thé Rape of thé Look. I can remember as once by@Lady-in@London more than one suoh ravish-ment attempted if not accomplished but most espeoi-ally was 1 in peril at the Philadelphian Exhibition when three duennaa who guarded some lady exhibitors too modest to ask themselves pursued a certain individual, scissors in hand, like Clotho, Lachosis, and Atropos@ in vain hope of sheared tresses had they beon, like many of our American sisters, both juvénile and lovely, very possible Bucboss@might have orowned their daring or, instead of the three aeduotivë grâces, had they posed as three inte@Heotual muses, I.might have@Suooumbed but @@leash of fates obligod a rapid retreat. And for a second queer anecdote take this a@'cuto negro barber had persuaded me to have my hair eut, to which'sug-gestion, as it was hissing hot weather, 1 agreed. He had a neat little shop close to a jeweller's next morning I passed that shop and noticed my name placarded there, surrounded by gold lockets, for that cunning nigger and his gilded friend were making a rich harvest of my shaved curls. Sambo can be as sharp as Jona-than, when a freeman, if he likes. Interviewing is another sort of homage nowadays to popular authorship in America it is very rife,-and I never came to any city but, immediately on arriva!, two or three représentatives of opponent editors would call, and very courteousiy request to be allowed to turn me inside out, and then to report upon me 1 only remem-ber one or two cases which I will not specify wherein my inquisitor was not all 1 could hâve wished, or treated his patient victim more unkindly than perhaps a venial native humour might make necessary. Almost always the scribes were fair and gentlemanly. And in next morning'a papers it was a pleasing excitement to find that one's extorted opinions on all manner of topics-social, religious, and politioal-were published by tons of thousands@in con@nicting newspapers, which took partisan views of the @obiter @c~M!~ of an illustrious being. 1 have many of these recorded conversations and comments thereon pasted down in the scrap-books aforesaid. In England, also, one does not escape and indeed the pleasure of being examined for publication is hera less mixed for on this side 'of the Atlantio it bas been found dangerous t@ report what might be damaging to a man socially or financially although, however, no judicial notice is taken of ridicule or false critioism and therein an author however little he may care for it can be libellëd to any extent and without all remedy. Not but that some of the society papers have treated my unworthinesa generously enough,-in particular, Edmunds' @World@, wilich, with too great severity and too little justice, has been taught to tell all truths oharitably, if smartly, and therefore 1 was glad to welcome his pleasaut acoredited interviewer, Mr. Becker, a year or two ago at Albury, who compliments me, not quite accurately perhaps, on good looks and a passion for heart's-eases. Also, the gentleman who represents the @Glasgow JMOE~ did his work wisely and kindly and Mr. Meltzer of the ~VeM' Yo~ ~fe~aM and 1 might name some others, not excepting my Sydenham iriend, Mr. Leyland, who lately wrote a very pleasant paper about me at Norwood for a Philadelphian journal. As TO ÂDVERTISINCt. A word about advertisements, surely an authorial topic. The absurdly extravagant profusion in whioh thousands of pounda are now being continually flung away in advertising, is one which was nèver approved by me, and as long as' my books remained in print, at ~7 suggestion they all got sold without it. At present there are almost none in the market except Proverbial Philosophy, my Poems, Stephan Langton, and Dramas, and these still live and sell as before, after a silent life of many years. 1 suppose advertisiag must answer, or it would not be persisted in and oertainly thé news-papers that chiefly live thereby exhort all, to orowd their columns, if they,wish to win fortune but how the perpétuai and reiterated obtrusion of, auch single words as Oopack, or Syndicatea, or Beecham's Pills, or Argosy Braces, or Grateful and Ooinfortiag, c. 6., can prbve seductive baits, 1 do not see nor feel the shamoless amount of space they @611 in our newspapers, and especially the impertinent way in which thëy intrude upon us while reading, as interleaved into books and magazines, so entirely disgusts me that 1 have often de-claréd 1 would rather go without tea, coffee, tobacco, or snuff this is a phrase, for the two latter 1 abomi-nate than deign to patronise those persistent advertisers A, B, 0, D, or E. And yet 1 do know a splendid church at Eastbourne wholly built of pills, and Professer Holloway's ointment has produced a palatial institute, and another wholesale advertiser tells me he spends ~30,000 a year on notices and paragraphs, to gain there-by ~'50'ooo'ssd so one cannot but. acquiesce in Car-lyle's cynical dictum, so cruelly alluded to by Deau Stanley in his funeral sermon at .Westminster, that there are in our community 26,000,000, mostly fools, otherwise how can folks be weak enough to be forced to pay for goods, or bads, merely by dint of, réitération ? 1 There is, however, one form of advertisement which I have found to pay,-and that is not praise, but abuse. A certain article, written as 1 was told by Alario Watts, and stigmatising my readera as idiots, and their author as a bellman, was said to have actually sold off 3000 copies at a run and Hep-worth Dixon's attack in some other paper-1 for-get the name-was so lucrative to me in its results that 1 entreated him at Moxon's ono day to do it again. Once 1 took it into my head totco@neot and pu@Mish a page of adverse criticisms if 1 can find a copy it shall be printed here to excellent sale-e@nect as regarded my tales. And I remember hearing at a publisher's, that when a book didn't sell through puffing, their Herald of Fame upstairs was directed to abuse it, and in one case a society novel by a lady of title was prose-cuted by management for libel, in order to get off the edition. That publishing-house used to advertise in @nve figures -that is, upwards of~ 10,000 a-year, and was professionally antagonistic to another, from which it had sprung originally. The critical organs of the one house always used td run down the publications of the other. And 1 daresay other Sosti are aware of the like mutual warfare going on even now. CHAPTER XXXVIII. KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. As to tny several efforts in print to hinder cruelty to animaJs, bestdo and beyond what a reader may aiready find in my published books, let me chiefly mention thèse two @ny-leaves, widely circulated by the Humane Society in Jermyn Street to wit, Mercy to Animals, and my Four anti-Vivisection Sonnets. The latter 1 must preface with an interesting anecdote. Before Louis Napoleon was Emperor, 1 accompanied a depu-tation from Guernsey to Cherbourg, met him, had pleasant speech with him, and gave him a book, Proverbial Philqsophy , thus making his personal acquaintance which many years after 1 utilised as thus. The horrors of that infernal veterinary torture-house at Alfort, where disabled cavalry horsés were on system vivisected to death, had been known, to us by. letters in the @Times@, of course denounoing the crimi-nality 1 remember reading that one poor old horse survived more than threesoore opérations, and used to be led in daily strapped With bandages and plaistérs amid the cheors of the domdniaoal students 1-and this exoited me to make a strong personal effort to stop the outrages'at Alfort. Acoordingly, I wrote from Albury a letter to the Emperor if 1 kept and can find a oopy I will print it hère as from one gentleman to another fond of his horse and dog, exhortin'g him to interfère and hinder such horrors. 1 told him that I purposely did thia in a private way, and not through any news-paper or minister, beoause 1 wished him to cure,jM op~o ~o M, à crying evil whereof he was ignorant and there-fore innocent leaving the issue of my appeal to his own generous feeling and to Providence, but otherwise not expecting nor requesting any reply. 1 therefore got none but whether @post hoc@ or @pro .pter Aoc@ 1 do not know thé result was that vivisection at Alfort was suspended at once, though how long for is unknown to me. As, after all this, many may.like to see my four sonnets before-mentioned, 1 have no room to place here more than one it is fair to state that they are easily procurable for a penny at the S. P. 0. A. office in Jermyn Street. They were written by me in the train between Hereford and London, at the request of a lady, the châtelaine of Pontrilas Court, for a bazaar at Brighton. If ever thou hast loved thy dog or horae, Or other favourite affeotionate thing, If thou dost recognise in God the source' Of all 'that live, their Father and their King, Stand with us on this resoue ,-for the foroe Of soioliats hath légal right tp seize Suoh innocents to torture as they please, Alive and sentient, with demoniao skill i Ungodiy men@ hbt with the lawless lust Of violating Nature's holiest fane, Breaking it open at your wiokëd wi@H, Yet shall ye tremble@@@@@ the Judgé is. just To Him'those viotims do not plead in vain, On@you for taons orowd their hoursof pain. When. 1 W@M laat at Boston my@spirit was isti~red by what 1 have poetised below it bas only appeared in some American papers, but 1 hope will be acceptable here. @The O@@~M~M Hack.@ Worn, jaded, and faint, plodding on in the traok, 1 praise your great patience, poor omnibus haok ¡ In whose sad gentle eyes my spirit oa.n trace The gloom of despair in that passionless face, While way-wearied muscles, strain'd out to the full And cruelly cheok'd by the pitiless pull, With little for food, but of lashes no lack, Force me to pray for you, omnibus hack 1 Yes t-if 1 can pity you, omnibus haok, For nerves all atremble and sinewa awrack, How should not his Maker, the Fathei above, Be just to His créature, and grant him Hia love ? 1 Why may not His meroy give somewhat of bliss In some better world to compénsate for this, By animal pleasure for animal pain, Receiving their lives but to give them again 1 And which of us isn't an omnibus haok, With gal!s on his withers and sores on his baok,-Buckled to oiroumstanoe, driven by fate, And chain'd on the pole of a car that we hate-Yon ponderous Past whioh we drag fast or slow On the coarse-mended Present, this dull road we go, Hard-ourb'd on'the tongue and nô bearing-rein slaok, Ah@ who of us isn't! that omnibus haok 1 Yet gréât is thé oomfort considering thus That God doth take thought as for him so for us ¡ That we shall @Bnd rest, reward, and relief Outweighing@ outpaying all pain and all grief ¡ Tliat all thihgs are kindiy@remembered@elsewhëre, The shame and the wrong and'the prose and the care, The evila that keep ail better abaok, And make@bne@feel@now but an omnibus haok. My Mercy to Animais, a simple handbill, bas donc gréât good, as it has prose instructions about load-ing, harnessing, c. It aiso is to be had for a penny at Jermyn Street aforesaid here is the firat verse @@0 boys and men of British mould, For my own part 1 have doue it all my life. Those of my book-@@Monds who hâve my Miscellaneoua Poems may refer in this connection to verses therein on A Dead Dog and A Dead Cat, and to thosé on Cruelty. AIso in Proverbial Fhilosophy, especially as to the Future of Animals, and their too shamefui treatment in this world, one good reason @@r @@compen-sative oxistenco.. An omnibus haok ?-and only a drudge ?-Is Duty no more in the eyes of the Judge ? He set thee this toil His providence gave These bounds to His freedman yes, free-not a slave 1 And if thou wilt serve Him, content with thy lot, Cheerfully working and murmuring not, Be sure, my poor brother-whose skies are so @Maok-Thou art Hie dear ohild, though an omnibus haok With mother's milk within you 1 A simple word for young and old, A word to warn and win you ¡ You've eaoh and all got human hearts, As well as human featurés, So hear me, while I take thé parts Of ail the poor dumb créatures. 1 TOOK my family to these Northern Isles of thé Sea in 1839, sailing from Aberdeen in a once-a-week steamer some of our passengers were notable, as Basent of the Norse Tales since Sir George and his sons, Day thé Oxonian in Norway, Ellicott, now Bishop of Bristol, Biot Edmondstone, and some others, inclusive of our noble selves. It was a dark night and a dense fog, and we had perilously to thread our careful way through the herring-@neot, fog-horns blowing all night, whilst our distinguished party bivouacked on deck, every cabin having been secured@by folks crowding to tho.EirkwaIl fair and so we enjoyed a seagoing expérience which, however cold aud dark, was warmed and brightened by the conversation of clever friends ail night through. Next day, jumping into a boat on the top of a wave it was very rough weather , 1 and à few others landed at Wick, and witnessed the extraordinary scène of a herring harvest being cured. Much as at Cincinnati they say pîgs walk in, and come out at the other end of à long gallery salted and smoked,-live herrings are within some three minutes killed, cleaned, piokled, and tubbed by the fishermen's wives'and daughters in their brightest caps and jewellery, for the whole scène is a fair and a festival. CHAPTER XXXIX. ORKNEY AND SHETLAND. In due time we arrived at Kirkwall, where we stayed a fortnight, in the course of which we were soon invited to Mr. Balfour's castle at Shapinshay. 1 call to mind in that medieeval-looking stronghold but it is a modern structure bis splendid banqueting-room, lighted by the illuminated points of twelve stags' heads, eaçh having twelve tynes, thus i .4. of them, ranged on the sides of tbat baronial hall the castle, of grey granite in the Norman style, having its own gasometer, all the light was gas this struck me as a remarkable featuro inside on the outside was one quite as memor-able. Those sterile-looking isles of the North Sea are so swept by stormy winds as to be absolutely treeless insomuch that it is jocularly said, that for cutting down a tree at Kirkwall, the penalty is@.death!@ simply because no trees exist there. Well, the wealthy Baron' of Sha-pinshay conquers nature thus ho has.dug round the castle vast hollow gardons not a continuous moat in which @nourisbes a profusion of @nowors and shrubs and even trees,-till arboriculture is eut shear off, if@it dares to look ovër the mounds. 1 put it thus @@When to the atorm-@Mstorio Orcades Thé wanderer comes, he marvels to @Bnd there A stately palace, towering new and fair, Bedded in @nowefs, though unbanked by trees, A feudal drëam uprisen froin the seas And when his wonder a6k9,-Whose magie rare Hath wrought this bright orea.tion ?-mon reply, Balfour's@of@Balfour large in mind and heart, Not only doth his duteous oare reolaim All Shapinshay to new fertility, But to his brother men a brother'a part 'Doing,@in@always@doing@good,-his@fame Is@to@hav@oraisedan@Oroad@oAroady, Rioh@in@gemaof ia Nature as ofArtt of Art@ At Kirkwall we could not help noticing what a fine race of men and women, blue-eyed and yellow-haired, many of these Northerners are at St. Magnus Cathedral they trooped in looking like giants, seeming taller perhaps because the pews are on a dead level with the floor. Of course we duly did all thé sights of the place, in the way of the ruinous bishop's palace and so forth, and received hearty welcomes from both high and low, the isolation of those parts conducing to the popularity of strangeis to say less of any greed for the cash of tourists. 1 made there good acquaintance also with Aytoun, the poet of Dundee and Montrose, of who~n it is remetnber-able that he used to read all through Scott's novels every year. 1 thought it a marvellous feat, but at any rate he told me so. He was sheriff of a@U those northern régions and writer, amongst other. things, of Hints for Authors in jP~oM~pooc!, which for their wit and sensé ought to be repriuted but when 1 urged it in Princes Street, 1 found such a booklet was not to be-nor Firmilian either-which is a pity, as both are admirable for humour. He was a zoalous florist and fruitist the white currants trainéd by him upon walls were as large as grapes. Among these îsles of Thule palpable evidences tif the ,Gulf Stream are frequent besides that it warms the northern seas so well that snow and ice are n,ot too com-mon there as in much lower latitudes they are with us-it is thé faot that most of the seafaring men have for snun'-boxes the large brown cn'oular beans frôm Mexico floated on tropical seaweed, full of hand coral, and found on the island beaches westwardly. Ano~her notable matter in thèse Orcades is thé strange disproportion between thé sexes, eloven women to one man, as Mr. Hayes, the Lerwick banker, told me this being due to the too frequent drowning of whole boat's crews henoe, one often sees women at the oar. A pleasanter thing to mention is the Fair Isle hosiery, the patterns whereof in the woven worsted are distinotly Moorish, just like those at Tangiers said to be a survival of soma wreck from the Spanish Armada cast upon the shore, with of course its crew and contents, the local manufacture of said patterns having been kept up ever since, with dyea derived from seaweeds, and from flowers. I frequently observed how diligent in knitting the island women were reminding me of those notable spinsters of Herodotus working the needles all the while they tended cattle, and with the pile of some oostly sbawl upon their heads while they @ndget at the fringe its various devices being of natural unstained wools, white, grey, or brown. In those interesting islands 1 can dimiy recall many other noticeable things and people, everywhere having received thé warm welcome which is usua@ny the .privilège of a bookwright all the'world over visiting the Stonea of Stennis with Mr. Pétrie, the Celtio tower of Scalloway with Aytoun, and divers similar antiquitiea, as Maeshow and other refuges of the Picts and Troglodytes. At Lerwick two of thé boatmen who took us to shoro from thé steamer surprised me by@quotation@afrom@my old book-even the oommon folk baing full of litera-ture. They are so separate from the gréât world, and have so little to do, that they cannot help being hard readera,-oven of me. A haberdasher told me that though there are in the short summer plenty of simple wild-@Howers, there ia naturalty a dearth a!I the year round of the brighter and more highJy-ooloured@ou~i-vated kinds and so these being scarce and female vanity rather common, there is a large ~trade in artificial fuchsias, pinks, and roses, c., thus constantly making chapel and church quite gay the same ladies who so bedizen themselves on the Sabbath going about all the week carrying burdens of peat, bare-footed and kilted to the knee on account of the bogs, among which they hâve to chase those small shaggy equines, the Shetland ponies. By the way Mr. Balfour at Oronsay had a special breed of his own, and .showed us a pair of little darlings which he valued at ~'100 apiece. Thé true race, stunted and shaggy from climate, is rare in thèse daya and 1 suspect may be picked up cheaper at Aidridge's than at Shapinshay. On our return voyage we skirted the whole north of Seotland, having had the rare chance of the steamer which once a year is chartered to take back the horring-fishers from Thurso to the Hebrides. But @nrst Sir George Sinclair most hospitably entertained us at Thurso Castle, whose grim battlements @@own flush over the Arctio Sea all within the walls luxurious warmth, and without them wrecks and désolation. So alao with the garden on one side of the high wall greenhoùses and flower-beds in the Italian style,-on the other, in 'strange contrast, the desolate wild ocean, which you see through windows. of thick plate-glasa let into the wa@Us. At Thurso town 1 conversed with the local genius, Robert Dick, made of world@wide fame sinoe by that kind-hearted and olear-minded author, Samuel Smiles, the said genius boing a noted solf-taught naturalist, who as a small baker struggled with poverty through life, to be inconsistently rewardéd after death by a national monument his fellow-townsmen let the living starve to deify him when dead. Cervantes and his like have met the same fate elsewhere. Leaving Thurso for the Hebrides, in company with no fewer than ~oo Gaelio fishermen, we passed the magnificent cliffs of Cape Wrath in a pleasant calm,-which next day. when we had reached Stornoway turned to a furious storm had we encountered it with those ~oo loading the deck it would infallibly have wrecked us,-as it did many other vessels on that night. Sir James Matheson was our great host at Stornoway, who treated me and mine with magnificent hospitality. If 1 had wished to shoot a buck or to catch a sa!mon the kilted gillie stood ready with his tackle , 1 might hâve done so and welcome but there was no time to spare for anything but a visit to the pre-historia temple of Ca@UaBish, where the atones strangely enough are set in thé form of a cross instead of the ordinary circle and to a Pictish tower, and other antiquities,-which 1 preferred to sport. Sir James's piper always wakes the guests a'mornings, parading round the terraces with his bagpipes, and after 'r dinner, as usual at the feasts of Highland magnates, ho marches round the table in kilt and @Bying tartans with his drone-like dirge or furious slogan,-being rewarded on the spot with whisky from the chief. Here 1 will oease my quick rominisoenco of that plea-sant horthern travel, though 1 might rooount many notice-able matters abdut Skye and its dolomite Cuchullins, Staffa, Iona, and Oban, where The MacDougal allowed us to see and handio an unusùal honour the famous broooh of Lorne, the loss of which saved Thé Braco'a life, when he broke away from his oaptor, thé then MaoDougaI, leaving tartan and shouldor-broooh in his grasp. x AMON the many literary men and women of my acquaintance there are some for it is not possible to enumerate all of whom 1 should like to make some mention and, place ottMc c~~es, let me speak of the ladies first. In my boyhood 1 can recollect that astro-nomical wonder of womankind, J~'N. A!ayy ~ MK~rM~ a great friend of my father's she seemed to me very quiet and thoughtful, and so little self-consoious as to be humbly unregardful of her genius and her fame. Strangely enough 1 first met Jier in the same drawing-room in Grafton Street she lived and died at Chelsea where I acted a silent part years after in some private theatricals with @Miss G~eMM~e met during my Ameri-can visit in her then phase of a German Baroness , herself an authoress and a cantatrice, daughter of Dr. Granville, the well-known historian of Spaa. 1 recollect, too, in those early times, @Mrs. Jameson@, then a celebrated writer, and a vivacioue leader of literary sooiety and much nearer this day, @Mrs. Beecher @~OM e, whom 1 found too taciturn, and as if eoared at thé notice she excited, quite to réalise one'a expectation of a famous lipneas. With her I have since broken a lance in thé interest of Byron, whom 1 considered maligned in the matter of his sweet@aister, and aoeordingly wrote on OHAPTER LITERARY FRIENDS. XL. his behaïf a vindicatory fly-leaf of poetie indignation. Another lance, too, have 1 broken in favour of @Guida@, as against a newspaper critic who had tried to crush her Moths 1 had met her before that, and did my little béat in her defence, receiving from her from Italy a charming letter of acknowledgment. Ouida is not generally known to have been the nursery name of Louisa do la Ramenay, just as Boz was of Dickens. Both Ouida and -M~~ocMc~, whom also 1 have seen as Mrs. Maxwell, remind me of that great and not seldom unfairly judged genius, Georges Sand. There remains a worthy duplioated friendship of later years,@ and J~'a. Carter Hall@, of whose geniality and kind-ness 1 have often had experience also JM?'. and Mrs. @~o@@~, my learned and agreeable neighbours at Albury aiso @Lady Wilde@, admirable both for prose and poetry on Scandinavian subjocts, and her eloquent son @Oscar@, famous for taste all the world over and as another duplicate the Gaelic historian and cheerful singer@ OEa~a ~ac ïy, with his charming daughter, thé poetess. Of celebrated men whom 1 have@not previously men-tioned in this volume, there is @Rogers@, the poet, with whom 1 once had an interview at his artistio house in St. James's Place @Carlyle@, of course, well known to to me by books, but personally only in a single visit, when 1 found him in Chleyne Row cordially glad tô groot me -after a long talk, taking my leave with a hearty God bless you, sir, his emphatio reply, as ho saw me to thé door, was, And good be with you@ It was a coincidence, proving aa many things do the narrowness of the world@ that he was living very near to the house where in my young days 1 had wooed my cousin. Near at hand also in Oheyne Walk 1 have visited @Haweis@, the éloquent preaeher of St. James's, Maryle-bone he lives in tbe picturesque old-fashioned house that was Rossetti's, and whén I called there last Mr. Haweis showed me the strangest and most unwieldy testimonial that any public man surely ever received, in the shape of a ton-weight bell hung in its massive frame and placed in his sanctum, which, when touched, gave out melodious thunder. This giant-gift had been sent to him from Holland in recognition of his musical genius, especially in the matter of campanology. And tbis word musical reminds me of Mr. Haweis's noble self-sacrifice in giving up his idolised violin that he might concentrate all hia énergies on religious teaching when 1 asked to see his famous Straduarius, worth three hundred guineas, and found it unstrung, 1 ex-pressed my disappointment at not having had the chance of hearing its dulcet tones drawn out by.himseli, but it lies dumb, though he is éloquent. Of course 1 have visited the great @Tennyson@ at Farringford, and remember him showing me the tree overhanging his garden fence, which Yankees climb to hâve a look at him.@.BroM~tM~ also, @tantum vidi@, I met at Moxon's, a grandly rugged poot contrasted with the Laureate he Beema to me as Wagner. is to Mendeissohn. Mortimer .Ci?KtMS has given us a happy day at Albury, coming in @d jpM~ poMe~c on one of his dusty walks through ,Surrey, as recorded in his book how he enjoyed his tumbler of oool claret and thé ramble with my son through the Albury woods as a most genial Bohemian t Dickens@ 1 hâve met several times, and he gave me goôd hints on my first American visit a man full of impul-sive kindlinesa and sincerely one's friend. His son @C@~c~es@ also 1 have occasionally met, the worthy successor to his illustrious father 1 may hère state that many of the articles and poems in .HûMM oM tFb?'c~ are from the pen of my youngest daughter. @@~c@~r~ Owen@, too, now worthily K.O.B., our most famous comparative anatomist, 1 am privileged to number among my true friends he was one of those who stood sponsor to me when 1 was to receive a civil service pension. Aiso 1 knew for many years my late Surrey neighbour, ?o~M~~ the geolo-gist and 1 have met .Pemye@@@~, with whom 1 searched Eent's Cavern and @Dr. Bowerbank@, the great autho-rity as to sponges, and my then hobby choanites he gave me certain microscopio plates of Bacilli which 1 was glad to transfer to my worthy and eminent friend, @@~ëpAeM Mackenzie@, Physician and Lecturer to the London Hospital. J~M~gM ~oM aiso, with whose celebrated -father 1 was in early youth nearly placed as a pupil, I have sometimes encountered and @Shirley Brooks@, @Albert Smith@, and @Mark Ze~MM., once a chief of @Punch@, who acted Falstaff without padding and the genial @J ~K Tenni@@d, our most exquisite limner in outline the venerable @? MM M Cooper@ also, now in his old age the zealous preacher of a faith he once as zealously attacked an excellent man, and vigorous both in prose and verse. My old friend from boyhood, @O@M~ Blayney C@@b~, must not be forgotten i year after year for some forty of them ho bas sent me reams of his poetry. @Edmund yot@~M, than whom a kindlier, cleverer, and better-hearted man doës nôt exist, I have known for years his father and mother having been frequent guests at our house in Burlington Street and 1 sympathised indignantly with him in his recent editorial trouble wherein he was used so hardly. 1 remember also how he dropped in upon me at Albury one morning just as 1 happened to be pasting into one of my Archive-books a few quips and cranks anent my books from @Punch@ he adjured me @Mo@@ to do it@ for Heaven's sake, spare me@ covering his face with hia hands. 'What's the matter, @ûiend? @@@fwrote all these, added he, in earnest penitence, and I vow faithfully @ril never do it again t Pray, don't make so rash a promise, Edmund, and so unkind a one too 1 rejoice in all this sort of thing,-it sells my books, besides-@@Tse Maw-worm,-I @Ukes to be despised ' Well, its very good-natured of you to say so but 1 rea@Uy never will do it again and the good fellow never did-so have I lost my most telling advertise-ment. 1 must also not forget'to praise that humorous novelist, the late @Frank Smedley, -a remarkable in-stance of the triumph of a strong and cheerfui mina over a weak and crippled body, with whom 1 have many reminiscences as a brother author. It waa wonderful to see how he enjoyed-from his invalid chair-@thé dances and delights he could not take part in and one day 1 remember finding him unusually exhilarated, as he was just come from a wedding-break-fast,@@rehearsing, rehearsing, ho laughingly shouted. Poor fellov,-thé victim of an accident in infancy, he lived strapped and banded with steel springs,-but as a gracious compensation Heaven gave him a seeming unconsciousness of@his helpless cqndition, and added thé happy mind to make the best of this world while look. ing forward to a botter. And lot me not negleot to record, however slightly, a few more recent authorial friendships much valued by me among my Norwood neighbours. 1 will begin with @J. 6~. Wood@, perhaps our best naturalist, especially in matters entomological. Never were there more humorous no less tba.n instruc-tive lectures than his, illustrated admirably as they are by his own graphie chalk-sketches on the spot and if any one wishes to be convinced that animais have souls, let him read the said Rev. J. G. Wood's Man and Beast. Next will 1 mention @Dr. C@@M A6~ Collingwood@, famous as a naturalist and voyager among the China seas, a poet also, well prdved by his Vision of Création, and a thoughtfui writer on religion and metaphysics. There is @Dr@ Ze@@@@~, too, whose varied orations on history and other topics have @@ËUed our Crystal Palace with his advanced wisdom for fifteen years. There iè @Birch@ the sculpter, author of the Godiva and Thé Last Call, exhibited here, and well appreciated by me as another .D@M~CM@ -really a metempsyohosis of character. Among literary ladies Miss .M~ ~boper, and Miss Ellen Barlee,-all noted in their several departments, the first as an eloquent lecturer like her husband, the second known by her domesttc essays, and the third for religious writings. I will add as casually encountered by me hereabouts George J~e cD MM~6 whose magnificent presence in thé pulpit is as memorable as his conversation at the dinner. table, and the interest of his books and Lord ~o MtJ' ~ ? MP6f, oreator of that finest group of modern statuary the Apotheosis of Shakespeare, exhibited at the Crystal Palace, where, as well@ as by oorrespondenoe, 1 hav~ had with him much pleasant intercourse. And hère may come a brief memory I wrote lately of Colonel Fred. Burnaby for an American editor. 1 am asked to give a short note of personal reminis-cence about my lately departed friend, Colonel @Fred. Burnaby@, with whom 1 was intimate for three years before his death. Every one bas read his popular life, and heard of his many exploits how alone in mid-air he navigated a balloon across the Ohannel how he aocomplished, in spite of State telegrams to'the oontrary, his adventurous and patriotio ride to Khiva in dead winter and defying perils of ail sorts how he stood six feet four in his stockings with another foot to be added to that magni@ncent specimen of manhood when in jack-boots and in his plumed helmet how he was strong enough to bind a kitchen poker round his neck, to crack cobnuts in his @nngers, and to carry a pair of Shetland ponies upstairs under his arms,-how alao the genial giant, quite the Arao of Tennyson's Princess, was the gentlest and kindest and least dangerous of knights-errant unless, indeed, his just wrath was aroused by anything mean or insolent, when doubtless he could be terrible , and how he was the idolised of men, eapeoially his own brother giants of the Royal Régiment of Blues, and naturally was also the. adored of women wherever he showed himself@ This Admirable Crichton had every social acoomplishment, but as he was also gifted with a knowledge of many tongues, even to Turkish and Arabie, beyond the more familiar French, German, Italian, and Spanish, of course he must dare all sorts of perilous travel, if only to provo that he was no oarpet-knight, no mère 'gold stick' at court, or silver-oasqued statue at, the Horse Guards. So he foarlessiy risked his life in a@U ways on every possible occasion which thé War O@@mco routine gave him on holiday. Khiva and Kars, and of late at last the fatal Mahdi war, had fascinations for him of danger which bis thirst for, active service too muoh refused to him as obliged officially to bo a stay-at-home had not power to resist and we all know how gallantly, if indeed too rashly, he fougbt and fell on what his Viking blood loved best as a deathbed, the field of battle. For he came of an old Teutonie family, and on his mother's side was also a direct descendant, as he told me himself, of our heroia and gigantio King Edward III., whom he is said greatly to have resembled, as the portrait at Windsor Oastle proves. We were talking about ancestry and the anec-dote came out naturally enough. In politics a strong Conservative, he, with charac-teristic antagonism, chose radical Birmingham for his coveted seat in Parliament, but alas@ he bas not lived to hazard the election. He. was a neat, fluent, and epigrammatic speaker, as potent with his tongue as with his sword and as for the pen albeit his hand-writing muât have puzzled compositors , the myriade of readers who hâve enjoyed his atirring books in print, can testify how brilliant and eloquent he was for the matter of authorship. He tôld me of a new novel-of the sati@nco-political sort-which he had written for thé press, but as yet we hear nothing definite of its publication. My own personal acquaintance with the familiar 'Fred. Burnaby' was oon@nned to several hospitable dinner-parties at thé houso of his relative, Lady W-@@my néar neighbour and friend at Norwood, about whioh 1 might anecdotiao to any extent but 1 nover altow myself to record private conversation nor to reveal domesticities.' A@U such are sacred in my memory, a~d on principle I despise the modern mischief-maker whose reminiscences are practically reminuisànaes. On a cer-tain public occasion, however, Burnaby stood by me, to my great pleasure and advantage, and let me record bis kindness thus. When 1 gave my lecture on Flying at thé Royal Aquarium, he most appropriatoly took the chair, and made some excellent remarks. AItogether, let my testimony, however brief, however inadequate, to the merits of Fred. Burnaby be this 1 lost in his too sudden death a friend, as 1 had hoped, for many years to come, and my regrets are for him as one of the noblest of mankind. Let me add a word further, as the worthy witnessing of one, quite a kindred spirit, whose acquaintance I made some long time back, and look for great things from his energy and enterprise, and multifarious talents,-C~CM'~ J~M~t~, then the famous Eastern Pioneer, who in his book on Asia, says Yes, our Burnabys, our Bakers, our MacGregors, our Gordôns-these are the real piJIars of the Empire, Thèse are the men who confer provinces upon Englànd, Wbo risk their lives to guard them. When, thé world is a little older, and the working man's vote is worth more than the statesman's opinion, then the splendid achievements of suoh men will be more generously appreciated and the warm English feeling expended to-day on torpid, stupid, unpatriotic party politioians will be directed towards heroes whose steady undaunted patriotism, in face of public indifference and bureau-cratie disdain, conveys a moral as grand as their careers. A DiNINQ-OUT ANECDOTE. As@@ have before said, not having been much given to society, nor thereforè a professional parasite of Amphi-tryon though sometimes tempted to his side as a lion, but more often vainly, for 1 always refused if 1 could , 1 have an instructive anecdote to give about a celebrated conversationist, whom 1 will not name nor indieate even by initiais. One evening 1 found myself compelled to accompany him to a great man's banquet-@nota bene@, it was after 1 had well recovered speech-and so 1 found myself at his chambers perhaps ten minutes too soon. He called to me from his dressing-room, bidding me to amuse myself till he was ready. Now, on the study table were laid several books, open, with weights to keep them so and 1 glanced from one to another to while -away the time. Then up came his brougham, and off we went. At dinner my diner-out started a topic, whereof innocently enough 1 remembered instàntly a suitable epigram. Not long after another subject .gave me occasion to tell a witty story, which somehow came to me at the moment. My friend asked me with a keen glance where 1 had read it, and at once 1 recolleotëd those open books and understood the position, resolving mischievousiy to out-ûank the manoenverer. Accordingly, at each oppor-tunity, with seeming innocence, 1 wiped hia eye, as they say at a @battue@, and certainly reaped thé anecdotic AM ?os@ Mr. So-and-so had ounningly contrived and hoped to achieve for himself. Ï confess it was vicious of me, but who could help taking the benefit of suoh a chance ? Hosts should beware of wits who oram their jokes and anecdotes. Years after 1 met the same gentleman at another entertainer's table, where 1 found him in my présence not qùito thé livener-up they had expected, and he seemed a little shy of me probably he thought me an omniscient, for I never told the pobr man 1 had found him out. 1 fear ho bas departed to a world where genuine truthfulness is more accepted as a virtue than in this. A MORMON GUEST. Quito recently 1 have had a visit from a young American, who brought me a letter from a so-called cousin-at a@U events a namesake-in the Far West, asking me to tell her about her German ancestry. My visitor was good-looking, well-dressed, fair-spoken, and gentlemanly also well-bred and well-to-do. 1 will not indicate his name, but I may state that he is a n'ear relative of the eminent electrician who illuminates so magnificently the fountains at South Kensington. Of course, as pleased with his manners and deportment, I. kept him to luncheon and finding that he hailed from Utah, naturally asked if he knew Sait Lake City and. the Mormons there. Certainly he lived not a hundred miles from the city, and those were his own pëople as a Mormon himself from in@ noy, ho had nothing but good to say of them, and we in England had been very much mialed by Mrs. Stenhouse and other trayellers. As to plurality of wivës, not two per cent. of their whole 200,000 had more than one wife. His own father, a rich merchant and a church-hierarch, a stake of the tabernacle much as we should say a pillar , had but one-his own dear mother-and he scarcely knew any one with more. It was quite a European misjudg-ment tbat many followed Brigham Young's doctrine, whioh never had been Joseph Smith's.-and the present ohief, Taylor, had but one. He showed us many cabinet photographs of Sait Lake City, his own family, leading Mormons, and the like especially of the Old tabernacle, like a monstrous tortoise, and one from a flnished draw-ing. of the new, of even more tasteless architecture, being the most gigantic piece of perpendicular ever perpetrated, and full of unsightly windows. When asked about the golden book,-well ho had never seen it, but believed in it thoroughly because all the .twelve apostles had seen it and he trusted their testimony. Eleven of those apostles were now dead, one only sur-viving. Just as with our friends of Mr. Irving's sect at Albury, which arose in the same year as Mormonism. We had never set eyes on the originals of our own Scriptures-in tact, they did not exist-but believed the witnessing of others, as he did. Ho himself was not a missionary, but would go if he was sent by the Ghurch though he mightn't like it, he was bound to@ obey@ authority, c. c. 1 had plenty more talk with him, and found him intelligent, modest, and in every way a remarkably agreeable young fellow and I added to my mental Mpef~oM'6 of botter judgments that on Mormonism,-even as heretofore Mr. Sinnett has taught me not utterly to despise Buddhism, Dr. Wilkinson to revere Swedenborgianism, and a few othér people 1 might name who are true believers, to be charitable as to other sorts of strange isms once 1 met a very religioug olergyman who still held by Johanna Southcote and we hâve ail heard how Lady Hester@Stanhope had an Arab horse always rëady saddied for Messiah when He is to ride into Jerusalem and how some other person had a gold spoon and fork laid daily at his table for the sudden ooming of a Divine Guest 1 Car personal lesson is to be tolérant of all manner of innocent onthusiasms, to hear both sides and bear with all opinions,-s.ome-times finding to our astonishment that @Maok sheep may after all be whiter than they looked, and that unchari-table préjudice is but another name for ignorant folly. Before taking leave of my Mormon guest, 1 ought to report that he was teetotal, handsome, taciturn rather than talkative, a hunter among the Rockies, an author himself, and of course an old book-friend, so 1 made him happy with some autographic poetries. With reference to Joe Smith's own theological creed, there is a very neat and notable @@@~M'~M of it on p.-i~! of a bright little book 1 have lately read, titled Frank's Ranche, or my Holiday in the Rockies, easily accessible. That creed is so good that when 1 read it aloud to my homeflock they said, Why, we believe ail that 1 -and as to the evil matter of many wives, not only did the original Joseph repudiate that doctrine, but his namesake son, still a chief among the Mormons, does the same, and so far bas seceded from the Brigham heresy whioh a son of mine says is not bigamy, but Brighamy. A few forgotten anecdotes may here find place take thèse twelve as samples pf many moré such trivials whioh memory may have at the bottom of her well, if she only dipped for them. t. A banknote expérience when a very small child I used to be taken to the Postford paper-mill at Albury by my nurse, who had a follower or a followed in the foreman there. While they talked together, 1 was deputed to amuse myself by making banknote paper, as thus a spoonful@of pulp put into a shallow tray of wire and shaken deftly made a small oblong of paper duly impressed with Britahnia and water-marked being then dried on a @nannel pad. Many years after, when .1 was preparing for Oxford under Mr. Holt at Postford House, there was discovered a secret oupboard in the wall of his drawing-room whieh was found to contain several forged plates for printing banknotes and this discovery ac-counted for the recent suicide of a Mr. H-@ a previous owner of the paper-mill, who evidently feared exposure and conviction. No one now is allowed to make bank-note paper, except the honourable firm of Messrs. Portal, which bas the monopoly thereof but when I was a child, any one might do it, and if there was a forger handy, fraud was possible to any extent. Our New-land's Corner on Merrow Downs is so called from Abraham Newland, whose name is printed on old bank-notes as F. May is on new ones, and who owned Postford Mill. Rence the word Sham-Abram for a forged note. 2. A noted piscatorial editor wishes me to record how î once caught a trout with its o,wn eye-as thus 1 was whipping the Tillingbourne, and hooked a @nsh foui, for it dropped off leaving an eye on the hook. In my vexation 1 made a cast again over the same spot where 1 had thrown, and actually caught that eager wounded fish with ils own eye. 3. When 1 was a guest of Captain Hamilton at Rozelle, Ayr, he told me that he and ail the crew had seen the sea-serpent 1-but that his admirai had inter-dicted all mention of it in the log for fear of ridicule t on which 1 told him what 1 had soen of the same sort. When crossing'the great Herring Pond in the @@~c@~c@, the passengers were all summoned.on deok from dinner to see that mystery of the deep, the sea-serpent. It was very rough at the time, and oorta@miy within a little distance some .apparent monster hundreds of feet long was ro@Uicg on thé top of the waves @@@5M as some por-tions of it spouted, we soon saw there nothing but a school of@whales, the big bu@U leading and the cows and calves following in a line. This looked like the real thing,-but wasn't. From other evidence, however, and the Rev. J. G. Wood supplies one, I do believe there are such monsters of the deep whose nest is in the Sargasse Sea. 4. Here is a curious item of my biography. Whon 1 was in Canada in 1851, at an hotel in Kingston, the waiter cornes to tell me that two persons wanted to see me on special business. Admitted, there appeared a very decent man and woman dressed in their best, and with ribbons and flowers. What might they want with me? Please, Mr. Tupper, that you would marry us r My good man, 1 can't, l'm not a clergyman. Oh but, sir, you write religion, and we like your books, and we've come across from New York State to Canada to get rnarried.-so please, o. o. Of course, 1 did not please, and as to marriage at ail gave them Punoh'a celebrated ad vice to persons about to marry, Don't.' On which the hapless pair departed sorrowfully. If I @had@ read the service over them, possibly their respectable consciences rnight have been satis@ôed.-and as with Roméo apd Juliet a lay friar Lawrence would hâve su@@mced. Moreover, there's no penalty from one State to another and even on board ship the captain may read services, and on land the Consul marries. 5. A picture story. I am invited to a dinner where a rich New Yorker bas asked some oonnoisseur@A-ienda to inspeot his new purohase, a Raffaelle'Madonna and child, for which he has just given a fabulous amount of dollars. I was asked for special judgment as an artiotie Englishman. W@oU the@draw@mg@was@porfeot,bat'I I didn't like the colouring I knew thé picture, having seen the original somewhere on the Continent but this couldn't be a copy, as it was less than Jife-size so, while most of the other guests praiséd profusely, 1 requé,sted to withhold my opinion of its merits till 1 could examine it in daylight,-which, as 1 was to sleep in the house, was easy next morning. When my eager host appeared, I took him alone after breakfast into his study, and proved to him what, alas@ 1 had too truly sus-pected, that however well painted with the over-accuracy of a miniature and absolutely correct as was thé drawing, -his@prize Raffaelle was after all only an oil-coloured engraving 1 This he wouldn't believe, triumphantly showing me the ancient canvas at the back but when I told him that between that canvas and the paint he would find paper, and when a penknife scratch under the @@ame-edge proved it,-he naturally stormed at the dealer who had taken him in, until 1 suggested a dis-gorging of the dollars, and promising my own silence as to thé discovery, left him a wiser man and a grateful. 6. How often the poor letter H has crushed oratory and destroyed eloquence 1 Do 1 not remember how notably a late Lord Mayor raised the echoes of the ~gyptian Hall to an explosion of laughter, by commenc-ing grandiloquently, When hi survey the dignity of my 'igh position, o. o. and similarly what a disas~ trous effect, a certain.preacher caused in church by the announcemënt, This is the hare, corne let us k@ul him ? But we ail@know the mysteries of H and W ~!sop Smith wrote a @.ble about them, whereof this is the finale H, said King Cadmus, one of my oldest friends@ never can 1 spare your respectable présence your ancestor is the throat-utteredHeth of@Mosea even T as you, dear W, are desoended from the stately digamma of Homer. Believe me, 1 value both of you ail the more for graceful ambiguities mystery is pricelesa to your king, and your usage is obscure therefore do 1 lay upon you higher honour. Henoeforth, ye vowel magnates, and you myfaithfui commons consonants, take heed that no one be accounted literate or eloquent who places these my oldest friends in a dilemma. Their right use is a mystery so be it but woe be unto those whose innate want of taste profanes that mystery. Honour be to H, and worship be to W and let those who misuso their secret excellences dread thé ven-geance of King Cadmus 1 y. Yet a seventh whimsical anecdote rises to the sur-face. When Prince Albert was made a fellow of Lin-coln's Inn, and dined in the New Hall, 1 was present at the banquet. There was a roast joint and one bottle of port to each mess of four barristers one would think a supply more than ample however, some thirsty soûls wanted more wine for the gréât occasion, and the com-plaint found utteranoe ludicrously thus. When thé National Anthem was sung, some young lawyer who gave the solos, with a gôod tenor voice and no end of dry humour, raised a gale of laughter and applause by. singing very devoutly-@Long to reign over us @Happy and ~o~M, 2 M ~ LpMt a 'mo?~ bMf of us,@ God savè the Queen 1 Of course, plenty more bottles were thé resuit,-and thé genial Prince Albert laughed as heartily as thé rest of@us. 8. Yet another anecdote, in these days of professional mendicancy not uninstructive. Ono day when calling on the Rev. Robert Anderson, at Brighton, a begging visitor came in, calling himself a Polish refugee, and speaking broken English Mr. Andersen in his kind-ness was just about to open his purse, when 1 said to both of them, I happen to know a little Polish, and wish to ask a few questions accordingly, I rapped out at intervals, with an interrogating air, the opening lices of the Antigone of Sophocles! on which that banisbed lord,' stammering out that he had been out of Poland so many yeara that he had forgotten the lan-guage, bowed himself from the room as a-discovered. impostor. 9. The récent lamentable fire at Eegan Paul's, wherein so much authorial wealth was cremated,-and especially' no fewer tban six of thé works of that clever authoress, Emily Pfei@ner,-reminds me of an irrevocable loss sus-tained by Proverbial Philosôphy owing to Oudinot's capture of Rome in 1849 for it so happened that the Cardinal Archbishop of Bologna had, as instruotress to. his nièces, a lady, who afterwards became Mrs. Robinson of South Kensington Muséum she, a great admirer of the work, translated my book for them into Italian@ and had it printed at Rome, where unluckily both the whole MS. and the finished sheets were a@U burnt in the city's bombardment. 1 have since asked Mrs. Robinson if eho could possibly reproduce it but-the occasion passed, there ia now neither time nor need for it, and so niy Italian version has no existence, except possibly as photographed on the blue ether whither Professer Tyndall hopes to go. A similar fatality, we may je-member, a@neoted@Sir Isaao Newton through his.littlp dog Diamond and my friend in old days, Gilbert Bur. nett, the botanist, had to rewrite his index, a heartrend-ing labour, beeause a careless housemaid lit a fire with it. i o. And this further reminds me of the perils to which au author's MSS. are perpetually exposed @@@6.@@ before 1 put a spring lock on my study at Albury where, by the way, I wrote several of my early Proverbial chapters with a child on my knee I used to find my papers regularly put out of order by the maid arranging the room and upon my cautioning her not to destroy anything, 1 was horrified by the unconscious Audrey's instant reply, 0 sir@ 1 never burns no papers but what is spoilt by being written on. Again, 1 remember to hâve cautioned my Suffolk friend, Mrs. Crabtree, who had a @nne library, not to keep her servants short of firepaper, as they might possibly help themselves out of bound books whereat she was indignant, as if 1 was traducing a @@vourite menial however, 1 went round with ber, unfortunately proving the delinquency by exhibiting several handsome volumes with middle leaves torn out -Once more, in the prehistoric days when we sported with loose powder and shot and paper wadding, I was a guest for some days in September with James Maclaren at Tioeburst, and recollect his horror at find-ing that the luncheon sandwiches were wrapped in some of his most precious MSS.-for he was writing a treatise on finance, and these leaves were covered with caloula-tions-and that his shooting-party wore ramming down their charges with the recorded labour of his brains t It was at Maclaren's that 1 once tasted squ@uTel his woods were infested with thé pretty créatures, which@the@koeper shot, and after keeping the skin gave the carcase to thé oook it tnsted like very nutty rabbit but 1 prbtested it was a greater outrage than lark-pudding, which 1 had recently seen at the Judges' Sentence dinner at New-gate, and said it was a shame to eat the sweet aongsters. At Maclaren@s I learnt the origin of high as applied to eatables. His game-larder was a tower of many bars, the lowest containing a to-day's shooting@ the next yesterday's, and so forth, aiways moving up henee the stalest were at the top, and so most serviceable as least fresh. Trench on words would approve this reason for high game. M. PfM~KM. i. Lo@ we are led we are guided and guarded Carefully, kindly, by night and by day Punish'd belike, or haply rewarded, As we go wrong or go right on the way Wisdom and Meroy, twin angels of kindness, Take by both hands the ohild lost in the night, Leading him safely, in spite of his blindness, Guiding @Mm well through the dark to the light. .u. All things are ordered,-the least as the greatest Motes have their orbits as @Rxt as a star,-And thou may'st mark@ if humbly thou waitest, Providence working in all things that are Nothing shall fail in its ultimate objeot, Good must outwrestle ail ovil at last God is the King, and création His subjeot, And the gréât future shall ransom thé past. @@m. Ay, and this présent,-perplexing, deg@mding-None may despisè it as futile or worse ¡ Swift as it @Bieth, dissolving and fading,. 'Tia thé wing'd seed of-some @HeBaing or ourse. Télescope, microscope,-whioh hath most wonder 1 Infinite great, or as in@anité small ? Musical silence, or world-splitting thunder ?-He that made ail things inhabits them ail. IV. Yea for this présent,-eaoh inch and each second Hath its own soul in a thought or a word Ev'n as I watoh, God's finger hath beckon'd, Ev'n as I wait, God's whisper is heard 1 Trifies, some judge them, that finger, that whisper,-But on suoh pivots vast issues revolve Those are the watchful reminders of Mizpah, Jazer and Bethel, Life's secret to solve 1 v. Mizpah,-for carefulness, honour, uprightness Jazer,-by penitence, meekness@ and faith Bethel,-in foretastes of gladness and brightness,-These are the keynotes to life out of death Providence bidding, and prudence obeying, Thou shalt have peace from beginning to end,-Thankfully, trustfully, instantly praying, Walking with God as~thy Father and Friend. 12. Apropos to my mention of Mortimer Collins' visit to Albury on another page, 1 make this extract from his Pen Sketches by a@Va.Niahed Hand, vol. i. pp. 167. 168 PP- 167, Walk through Surrey.@ At Albury 1 called upon a poet,-one whoni cri tics love to assail, but who derides critica and arrides the public. Pleasant indeed is the @nno old house, with emerald lawn and stately trees, wherein he residés. Not Horace in his Sabine farm, nor OatuIIus at Tiburs, had a more poetio retreat than the author of Proverbial Philosophy at Albury. But, like Catullus, the advent of May had set the poet longing for a flight far away @Jam ver egelidos refert tepores, Jam coeli furor oequinootialis Juoundis Zephyri silescit auris Jam mens prestrepidans avet vagari Jam loeti studio pedes 'vigesount.' And he was about to take wing for sea-side resorts, and the soft cyclades of the Channel, beloved by Victor Hugo. Right hospitable was he a bottle of cool claret cheered the dusty wayfarer, and an hour's pleasant talk was even more choering. Hence 1 walked through Albury Park towards Gomshall. The exquisite bit from Catullus will best excuse my otherwise egotistical quotation. A few more anecdotes about literary men and things may here find place. Take these respecting @Thackeray@, and @Leec@k, both of which immortal humorists were my schoolfellows at the Charterhouse but, as 1 have said, they having the misfortune to be merely lower-form boys, and your present. scribe ranging as a dignified Emeritus, of course there was then a great guif be-tween us, pleasantly tb be bridged over in after life. Thaokeray's career has long been fully detailed@in public, and 1 can bavé little to add of much conséquence but 1 call to mind how that quiet small cynic-so gigantio in ail senses afterwards~-used to caricature Bob Watki and the ôther masters on the @ny-leaves of his olass-books, to the scandai of myself and other responsible monitors these illustrated olassics having since been sold by auction at high prices. Bût My Sehool-Days have recorded all that, As to Leech, who probably adorned his books simi-larly, he, being a day-boy and àllowed for safety to scuttle out of the playground before school 'broke up, came not equally under our surveillance in those days. but long yeafs after, when that genial and witty friand and true gentleman was my guest at Albury, I had gréât delight in his company, and he helped cleverly to illustrate along with divers other artists my Crock @@~GoM-'aud Proverbial Philosophy, and in part The Anglo-Saxon. I remember a characteristic little anecdote about him, as thus @We went angling together to Postford Pond, on a fine hot day, thinking less of possible sport than of sandwiches and sherry, and an idle lounge on a sloping bank in the, shade, and haply though for myself 1 am no smoker the cahniy contemplative cigar. As we lay there, in ~MM~c fashion, all at once Leech jumped up with a vigorous Confound that @Boat@ oan't it leave me at peace ? l've been watching it bobbing thèse five minutes, and now it's out of sight altogether -hang itt With that hearty exclamation of disgust pu@Uing@up. a.brilliant two-pound perch, the glory of the day 1 Next week's @Punch@ had a pleasant comio sketch of this petty. incident, thereby immortalised by thé @@mous bottled@leech. It always etruck me that Tenniel and he were a w@oU-matched pair,, in kindiiness, oleverness, and good looks and I neyer can think of one without the other-@arcades 6M~o par MOK~M~. Thackeray lived to have his full revenge of Dr. Biroh ? T~ ~g tyrant of Charterhouse and Russell well deserved his ca@@@@ution both by pen and pencji. Let me a so give a brace of home sketches of Long-fellow. I have had two principal interviews with him in his beautiful home at Cambridge, Massachusetts, at the wide interval between those visita of twenty-five years. Of the first of these 1 record a few words from my American MS. journal in 1851, adding some un-written thoughts and recollections. On April i6th, then, in the year just named, Longfellow wrote to me cordially, and with much kindly appreciation, and soon after, calling on me at Boston, took me off in his carriage over the flooded lowlands to the ancient for America University of Cambridge, where the Queen Anne-like colleges are nestled in fine old elms. He treated me, of course, most hospitably, and had asked several @@iends to meet the traveller but one, a chief guest, was otherwise engaged, and so 1 missed Lowell, to my great disappointment. It is not my form to detail private conversation, nor to describe the Lares and Penates of sacred domesticity but 1 may reveal génerally that I spent several golden hours of intel-lectual communion with the Abbott 'Laurences, Ticknor, Fields, Preàcott, and Everett-illustrious names, which will sufficiently indicate the reception they gave me. At this time of day 1 cannot remember the thousand winged speeohes that @Bew about that genial board, and, as 1 failed, from conscientious motives, to record them in my journal, I will not invent, after thirty-four years have passod over my memory, with their crowds of other words and fanoies. Be this enough I reoolleot to have asked Longfellow why ho wrote Exoelsi@o@f, and not the more grammatical Bxce@@I@sMM, as the title to one of his most iamous pooms. The reason is a ourious one he wrote those stirring verses, by request, on thé motto 0 for the New York coat-of-arms, whieh is legended not quite accurately, Excelsi@or@. And when, in the samo line of thought, 1 inquired why he named a German story Hyperion, with no apparent reason @@om clas-sical associations, he pertinently enough answered me by pronouncing the name ~Mpe~-tOM~ going higher , the story being a tale of progress in human character. And now to leap over twenty-five years, at whioh interval I paid my second visit to America in 1876, when again 1 had the privilege of being Longfellow's guest in the same historic abode where Washington had once his headquarters. My kind-hearted host insisted on my occupying the same arm-chair I had before, and which since, he said, had been the throne of Dickens and Thackeray, and every book-celebr@hy that had visited Cambridge. Among invited guests unable to. corne was Oliver Wendell Holmes, but 1 soon after made up for this loss by having a long talk with that shrewd and amusing writer at Boston and once more, alas 1 no Lowell, whom 1 missed again, though 1 had waited for him that quarter of a century 1 Longfellow, out of compliment so he kindly said to his English guest, had specially provided pheasants and Stilton cheeae, among such more Transatlantic delicacies as wild venison from Tupper.Lake, in the Adirondac@s , and canvas-back ducks from Baltimore to say less of terrapin soup, whereof the unhatched eggs of tortoises are the OMMe-oMcAe After dinner he gaTe me an apple from Beaupré, Evangelino's farm, the pips whereof 1 sent to Albury for planting. Longfellow was much interested to hear that my collatéral ancestor had married Martha, thé heiress of thé Vineyard in Rhode îsland. Mr. Fields, on this festive occasion, reoited@some of Mark Twain's humour, and 1 had to give sundry of my American ballads, and the host himself bis exquisite Psalm of Life j my Venus, in reply to his Mars, having appeared, and been praised by him, somo years before. And this meagre record is all 1 care, or have space, to give of that feast of reason and flow of soul. With @Charles Kingsley@, however seldom we met, I had strong sympathy in many ways, as a man of mon, to be loved and admired but chiefly we could feal for each other in the matter of stammering,@@ sort of a@@miction not sufficiently appreciated. Kingsley con-quered his infirmity, as I did mine, and rose to frequent eloquence in his public ministrations privately his speech would often fail him, and was his thorn in the flesh to the end. 1 remember a most pleasant day spent with him about the fishponds and cascades of Wotton,-and I noted how skilfully he threw the fly some five-and-twenty feet under the bushes, to the wonder of a gaping trout, soon to @nnd its lodging in the creel and our kind host may still recollect, as 1 do, how charming was our inter-course that day with thé genial author of Yeast, Alton Look, Il Hypatia, Westward ho@ and other of our @@vouritea. I hâve met Kingsley later, in bis cloistered nest, as Canon of Westminster, and remember how heartily he expressed his abundant charity for all sorts of misérable sinners, especially about one of whom I came to speak, for there never lived a more universal excuser of human imperfection than Charles Kingsley. His bust, very@like him, is in a side chapel of the Abbëy, near the west door. With the learned and éloquent Canon Farrar, too, 1. have held converse in thé same Broad Sanctuary, though but briefly. Harrison Ains-worth bas often crossed my orbit. In particular, as a very early contributor to bis magazine wherein, by the way, my Flight upon Flying. originally appeared, to be afterwards reproduced at the Royal Aquarium a year or two ago , 1 was among his invited guests at Kensal Manor house, for the inauguration of his magazine, meeting Douglas Jerrold, Blanchard, Albert Smith, and others of like note. AIso, at Lord Mayor's, feasts we have periodically met, and at Literary Fund dinners. I may mention that when we came near one another a few years since, at the Mansion House, an Àmerican friend with me was startled at the resemblance between Ainsworth and myself in fact, our photographie por-traits have often been mutually sold for each other, and 1 remember in a shop window seeing my name written under a photo clearly not myself, however like and my daughter with me said It must be a mistake, for you never had such a waistcoat as that, it being a brilliant plaid so we went in to set matters right, and the shopman, in correcting the mistake, observed he didn't wonder, we were so alike furthermore, on tbe outside cover of a cheap edition of Ainsworth's James II.@ his portrait is the very counterpart of one. painted@ by Rochard, long years ago, of myself. I was well acquainted, @nfty-@nve years ago, with three eminent men, who afterwards became viceroys, as their @@@Mow classman and collegian at Christ Church. At that time two of them were only younger sons in their pupa or pupil phases of Ramsay and .Bruce, and wore the same commoner'is gown as myself the third, though a tuff by courtesy, had not yet come to his héritage. Ail thèse three suooeeded one another in thé high position of a Governor-General of India, and were famous architects of our imperial greatness. I remember on either aide of me in Bisooe's memorable Aristotle class before mentioned, the young Ranisay, afterwards Dalhousie, that great pro-consul who annexed a third of our Indian Empire and the young Bruce, afterwards Elgin, famous from Canada to China the former.slim, ascetic, and reaerved the latter a perfect oontrast, being stout, genial, and outspoken while Canuing, ta@U and good-looking, with curly dark hair and florid complexion, is mentionable also for his .Sueucy of speech and cor-diality of manner-hereditaments, doubtless, of his dis-tinguished father. Of Lord Elgin 1 have many pleasant memories, especially when he hospitably received me at Toronto, whither he had recontly migrated from Mon-treal as 1 thought unwisely , becauso the French Cana. dians there had insulted him. In this connection 1 may give an anecdote to the point. Soon after my return from America in 1851 1 dined with my neighbour at AI-bury, Henry Druinmond, the humoursome M.P., always not a little good-naturediy misohievous. He knew that I had not approved of Lord Elgin's petulant removal of his viceroyal establishment from Montreal to Toronto, and cunningly resolved t6 draw me out before witnesses on the matter. Now I had taken in to dinner' an elderly Scotch lady unknown to me, and sat next to her of course. Soon my lively host somewhat unfairly asked me about my visit to Canada, and what 1 thought tif the then notorious flight of the Governor to far dis-tant Toronto,-forcing me to express my disapprova!, whioh naturally as an honest man 1 did, on which my left-hand neighbour, a lady of rank whom I knew, whis-pered Mind what you are saying, you took in his mothor. Accordingly, I had frankly to turn and say, And l'm sure Lady Elgin will ,agree with me, and you too, Mr. Drummond, for no captain should fly from his post because he's laughed at. This candid speech was fortunately applauded all round the table, and not least by the friendly Countess and the ba@@~ed mischief lover. Lord Elgin most kindly interested himself in the restoration of the Brock monument at Queenstown Heights, which had then recently been damaged by gunpowder, and is since rebuilt my good reason for asking h@@~aid@being that Sir Isaao Brook was my near relative his mother bearing my name , and that he had saved Canada by his death in victory. CHAPTER XLI. A FEW OLDER FBIENDSHIFS. IT is only fair and right that I make special mention of some friendships of many years, connected more or less with literary matters. Among such names in the past occurs one, if not very eminent, to me at least very kindly, that of Benjamin Nightingale, an antiquarian friend for nearly forty years. We @Ërst became acquainted in Sotheby's auction room, where 1 perceived at once his generous nature, by this token we had been com-peting for a miscellaneous lot of coins, which he bought, -and then lifting his hat he asked me which of them 1 had specially ~anted these 1 indicated, of course thinking that he meant me to buy them of him,-but he immediately insisted upon giving them, if 1 would allow him. This fair beginuing led to botter acquaint-ance, often improved under our mutual robf-trees. It was his ambition to be my Boswell, as he bas sometimes told me and probably there are bundles somewhere of @his@ MSS. and of @OM?' antiquarian letters he wrote very well , aboùt whioh Ï have vainly made inquiry of a near relative, who knew nothing about them. Some day they'@U turn up. Nightingalo was much pleased to find himself reoorded in my Farley Heath, as to both verse and. prose. He bas been in the Better World some twelve years, and his widow gave me the collections he called his Tupperiana. 1 confess that the following poem wherein my genial friend figures,-and which many judges have liked as among my best balladisms, is one reason for this record of B. N. @Farley jBca~.@ Many a day have I whiled away Upon hopeful Farley Heath, In its antique soil digging for spoil Of possible treasure beneath For Celts, and querns, and funereal urns, And rich red Samian ware, And sculptured stones and centurions' bones May all lie buried there 1 How oalmly serene, and glad have I been From morn till eve to stay, My men, no serfs, turning the turfs The happy livelong day With eye still bright, and hope yet alight, Wistf@ùUy watching the mould, As the spade brings up fragments of things Fifteen centuries old 1 Pleasant and rare it was to be there On a joyous day of June, With the ciroling scène all gay and green Steep'd in the silent moon When beauty distiJs from the oalm glad hills, From the downs and dimpling vales And every grove, lazy with love, Whispereth@tenderest tales 1 0 then to look back upon Time's old traok, And dream of the days long past, When Rome leant here on his sentinel spear And loud was the olarion's @Mast,-As wild and shrill from Martyr's Hill Eohoed the patriot shout Or rush'd pell.mell with a midnight yell The rude barbarian rout 1 Yes every stono bas a tale of its own, A volume of old lore i And this white sand from many a brand Has polish'd gouts of gore When Holmbury Seight had its beacon light, And Cantii held old Leith, And Rome stood then with his iron men On ancient Farley Heath t How many a group of that exiled troop Have here sung songs of home, Ohanting aloud to a wondering orowd The glories of old Rome 1 Or lying at length have basked their strength Amid this heather and gorse, Or down by the well in the larch-grown dell 'Water'd the blaok war-horse 1 Look, look t my day-dream right ready would seem Thé past with the present to join,-For see 1 1 have found in this rare ground An eloquent@green old coin, With turquoise rust on its Emperor's bust-Some Ceasar, august lord, And the legend terse, and the olassio reverse, @Viotory, valour's reward l' 'Viotory-yes 1 and happiness, Kind oomrade, to me and to you, When suoh riph spoil, bas orown'd our ioil And proved the day-dream true With hearty acolaim how we hail'd by his name The Coesar@of that coin, And told with a shout his titles out, And drank his heaith in wine t And then how blest the noon-day l'est@ Reclin'd on a grassy bank, With hungry oheer and the brave old beer, Better than Odin drank And the secret balm of the spirit at calm, And poetry, hope, and heaith,-Ay, have I not found in that rare ground, A mine of more than wealth ? Another long-time friend aiso of the antiquarian sort was Walter Hawkins, with whom I was intimate for many years. His private collection of coins and curio-sities was even larger aud costlier than Nightingale's, and waa given by his administratrix to thé United Service Muséum, where 1 believe the bulk of it perhaps morally mine still remains in cases not yet unpacked. He died suddenly, to my great financial loss for he was very fond of me, o@neruig himself sponsor and giviug his name to a son of mine and as a rioh old bachelor he used@ to make humorously half promises of bene@~ts to come. In fact, he had called in his lawyér to take instructions for a new will, and partly at. least had erased or destroyed the old one of a twelve years agone, when, one raw and wintry mprning, he insisted upon seeing a lady from and to her carriage without his hat punetilio beirig his @forte@ and his fault , caught cold, took to his bed, and was dead in four days 1 Accord-ingly a relative with whom he had not been on the best of terms for years, administered to his half will, and sucoëoded to his possessions. Such is life aud its futile expeotatio@M. Walter Hawkins had many peculiarities one was this. At groat cost he was long building for himself a tomb at Eensal Groen, whioh he would not let me see till it was @Rnished he then triumphantly exhibited to my astonished eyes a domed marble temple with four bronze angels blowing trumpets east, west, north, and south,-and waited for my approval, whioh honestly I could not give. I heard notbing more of this small mausoleum, for he was a taciturn man but when, some year or two after, 1 went to bis funeral and looked in vain for the temple-tomb, 1 found it had vanished, and in its stead was a plain marble slab with bis simple name and birthday on it, and a blank left for the date of his death. Manifestly he had repented of the vain-gloriousness of those herald angels and their dôme and practically took the hint of my dispraise in the adoption of that humbler tombstone. Here is another characteristic trait some navvy had found. an old rusty anchor near the Thames Tunnel, one of Brunel's ruinous follies,-now, as we all know, finished and utilised by a railway. This anchor, a sma@U one, probably lost by some jol!y young waterman, Mr. Hawkins maintained was Roman and ho had made for it a superb crimson case lined with satin, which hung@on his drawing-room wall at Hammersmith as a décoration. He was aiso proud of poasessing thé paw of the Arctic bear which had attaoked Captain Parry, but from whioh he escaped, as aleo did the bear,.for no one is said to have shot the.beast however, thore waa the paw in proof and thère were divers other un-common@properties. Ohé of the most ourious matters about my friend was this the anagram of his name in full and ho always wrote Esquire and' not Esq. exàotly describes him,.with his péouliarity. of greeting one with Il Oh@, l'm so glad to see you t and with his uBual signature W. H.@ which also he put on a medal for good conduct to youths, and gave my son one of those W. H. medals. Now thé words Oh, Walter Hawkins, Esquire, makes anagrammatically, W. H., who likes rare antiques! exaetly his idiosyncraay as a man and a collector. We all know how strangely Thé Right Honourable William Ewart Gladstone, M.P.@ spells, I am the Whig M.P. who'll be a traitor to England's ruie @may it not prove to be prophétie. And still more strange is the fact that the ~ords William Ewart Gladstone spell Erin, we will go mad at last t whioh seems only too likely. Another curious anagram is this, -in a far different vein Christmas comes but once a year, makes So by Christ came a rescue to man. There's no end to thèse petty word miracles. But to revert to our theme and to conclude it. As a West India merchant, Mr. Hawkins one day sent me down to Albury a hogshead of sugar and some sacka of rice, to be given or, as he preferred it, sold at half price for honour's sako and not to pauperise -to my poorer neighbours for a Christmas gift. Well, to pleas@ him, 1 tried to sell, and only raised the rancour of the shopkeepers, who declared I was competing with them as a grocer then I gave, with the same expérience that soup charity had before taught me, to wit, that poor quarrelled with poorer, and both with me, for more or less giveh. So 1 was glad when it all came to an end. It is very difficult, as many a Lady. Bountiful knows, to be charitable on a wide soale @e@g.@ once, in my country life, 1 tried to reoommend brôwn bread and oatmeal and got nothing by it but i@H-wi l, as if wishing to starve thé pôor by denial of wheat-@nour. Môst of us hâve been ohecked in such si@Uy efforts to do good through forgetfulness of thé fact that usually the poorest are the proudest. Even the luxurious @@@@~ ~M of London Club kitchens must be flung into swill-barrels for pigs, because starving men and women will not demean themselves to ask for it at thé buttery-hatch. Moreover, that such are often extravagant too, everybody bas found out-here's an instance In my legal days, 1 now and then of course relieved poor folk, and sometimes passed through Seven Dials casually, 1 looked in upon an old couple to whom 1 had occasion-ally given a tri@ne, believing them to be near starvation and I found them roasting a brace of partridges-or was it quails ? for they were waietcoated with bacon,-and 1 had the charity to hope they had @iwt@ stolen them 1 Anyhow, 1 never called there again. And, while 1 am in Seven Dials, let me record another usefui small ex-perience. There was a lapidary handy, who had at times cut my beach-found choanites for me. One day 1 found him making scaraboei out of bits of agate and lapis lazuli. Who gave you an order for these, said I. Well, sir, 1 don't rightly know his name but he was a furriner. Was the name Signor -? That's it, sir. Then I set off straight to Sotheby's where 1 knew the Sighor's Egyptian antiquities were soon to be sold, and duly forewarned the auctioneer of these forgeries. 1 need-not detail how at thé sale he put buyers on their guard, exposing the fraud, and con-demning the peccant scarabaei to extinction. I wonder how many Grecian bronzes and copper Buddhas hâve been oast in Birmingham! 1 Yet another old friend for many years, so far @Hterary in that he was a soulptor, is to be recorded in Joseph Durham it was he who, more than thirty years ago, modelled in life and made in marble after death my beautiful three-year old daughter, little Alice, epitaphed in my poems. Of Durbam's nobleness of character 1 can hère give a oharmicg trait.. 1 used to go about once a week-sometimes less. often-to Alfred Place .to see how Durham was getting on with the statue a sleeping infant , and one day, to my astonishment, 1 perceived that instead of any progress having been made in the work, it had, miraculously to me, retrograded not half so near completion as it was last week. As 1 waa wondering and perhaps not well pleased, Durham said, I had hoped you would not call, till 1 had made it îôok as it did last week,-and then you needn't have known it. Known what, friend ? Well, only this ¡ 1 came to a stain in the marble, and as 1 resolved you should hâve everything of the best,-I took another block, and. have worked at it night and day, in hopes you wouldn@t find me out. There's the other figure, under tbat clotb. Now, considering that the new block involved a cost of some twenty pounds,-and that the old one might have been artificially doctored, and that anyhow the risk and loss were equitably as much. mine as his,-and further that the young sculptor had little more than daily bread, if that,-I do say a@U this proves Durham to have been the noble, feltow@@lfound him to be for years. He is long gone, like ao many othér friends, to that Brighter World. His life-story in-this was a touohing one, as he told it to me, and 1 think known to very few besides.myself. In youth he loved and was beloved but friends and circumatanoes hinderod so she married some one eise who, to Burhaïn's constant horror and indignation, treated hia wife brutally till, one happy day, he died in some fit, probably from his own exoesses. And then here comes the sad @oHmax-when Durham, having achieved fortune and fame, offered himself to his old love, thé now rich widow, she deliberately turned away with a refusa , and broke his heart 1 Was it any wonder that his grief sometimes sought. the solace of voluntary for-getfulness, or that certain false friends of his I wot of have iu their teetotal Pharisaism made the evil most of an occasional infirmity, and have blackened even with printer's ink the memory of one of God's and Nature's true noblemen 1 Besides my little daughter in marble so charmingly asleep that, in the Royal Academy, we heard one lady whisper to another, Hush, doh't talk so loud, you'II wake her ! -besidea @that@, his c~e BMwe, as I,always think, he modelled thé bust of her father, now in the Crystal Palace Gallery,-but would not aooept any payment for it 1 So @Hke Durham,-wlio in many secret ways was ever generous and trying to do good he was aiways self-forgetfui and oniy too modest. @~prop@@M, I remember that when Lord Granville asked thé sculptor of Prince Albert's-statue at South Eensing-ton. Whether the Queen, who was so well pleased, could do anything@for@him@.suggestive, no doubt, of a knighthood-the dear unselfish Durham replied, Thànk you,'my Lord,-if her Majesty's plëased, l'm satisfied. So that chance for a title was thrown hoediessiy away, -but we aiways called him Sir Joe ever after specially among the . Noviomagians, a band of antiquaries who used to dine together jovially at many pretended and pioturesque sites of thé undisooverable Noviomagus, and among. them 1 hâve met and numbered as my frienda Chief Baron Po@Uok, George Godwin, Francis Bennoch, Thomas Wright, Thornbnry and Fairholt and other noted names, some of them still among the living. It gave me great plensuro as a Guernseyman to have been chiefly accessory to a duplicate in bronze of the Good Prince's statue by Durham being set up at the Pierhead of St. Peter's Port. Interest was exerted by me to get royal permission for a new east from the original, Government giving the metal of old cannons a collection from house to house was made through-out the island, granite to any extent was on the spot, meetings were held, and I had the pleasure to see Durham's grand work inaugurated there, and to find him welcomed. by all the Sixties -ay. and the Forties too-with the hospitality for which Sarnia W@M in those days proverbial. In this brief record of my literary life, I ought not to ignore sundry truo and constant book-friends known to@me only by correspondence, and that in some cases through many years.. I cannot touch them all, and shrink even from mentioniag one or two, for fear of seeming to omit others but 1 will endeavour to do my best and wisest in thé matter. Foremost, then, among those unseén favourers of your author is the Baroness Stanislas von Barnekow, of Engelhpime, in Sweden with whom during fifteen years 1 have interchanged cërtainly fifty letters, if bot more, hers at least being full of thé utmost kindiiness, clevernoss, and for a foreigner even truly poetic eloquence. This tribute to her~ talents and warm feel-ings is oniy a debt of gratitude. She it was who volun-tarily translated into Swedish my two first séries of Proverbial Philosophy, and many of my lyrics, in Oithara and naturally 1 was willing to answer her in kind for the Baroness is an excellent and well-known poetess in her own land , but, as unfortunately the Swedish tongue is not among my few accomplish-ments, 1 was glad to turn to a .diligent and authorial eldest daughter of mine, who learnt the language for me, and responded to our unseen friend with many of her poems rendered into English verse, as she had similarly favoured mine in Swedish. My said daughter afterwards improved upon thé idea by several more like translations, since published in book-form, as some from the Sagas, and in particular many original poems of much merit from the pen of King Oscar and Princess Eugenie, which greatly pleased them, as their photo-graphs and autographs testified the Baroness's brother, Count Von Wrede, who is the King's Chamberlain, having kindly given facilities. 1 trust that my old friend unseen, Stanislas, will not be displeased by thia proof that 1 remember with appreciation her many expressions of esteem for my unworthiness. Next, 1 do not -know that 1 have mentioned the late' learned Norman poet, @George Métivier@, as having long ago translated my Proverbial Philosophy into French he died at a great age, 1 think past ninety, and was highiy honoured by his native Guernsey, through life and death 1 remember him with much gratitude for his labour of love in respect of my book. Tbrough many years also I have corresponded with another Norman poet, tToA~ Sullivan@, whose very cléver French poems 1 have often versi@ned into Eng@Hsh for him, and he hàa. returned the compliment by sending translated fly leaves of mine over th@ëGaIli@oworId. 1 Let one more in this authorial oategory be the ex-cellent and learned @Canon C. Je@@@~~M, whom I have known from his childhood, and who in thèse latter years has routed out for me, chiefly out of Zedler's Genea-logical Encyclopeedia, the heraldry and ancestry of'my own Thuringian pedigree thé Canon being one of our keenest antiquaries in that line, and having German at his fingers' ends. He cornes, as 1 do, from old Lutheran stock, and is full both of prose and poetry of a high class. My best regards to him and his. The @Rev. Wm. ~ct~ of Dorset dialect famé, is another memory as also in years past the latè @C 6va-lier de Chatelain@, a relative of my Norwood friend, @Victor de ~ o~ a weJl-known musical authority. No doubt! 1 have corresponded with most of the literary men of my day, from Tennyson to-well, 1 will not sound a bathos, but I db not publish private notes without permission, and in fact there would be no end of such printed amenities of literature battledored and shuttlecoeked from one to another. 1 may, however, mention as a.good habit of mine is it not a good one? that, whonever I like a book, I take leave to thank its author, and have usually received, @en révanche@, warm letters of their gratitude from many, especially if young ones. Surely it is proper in a veteran so to encourage a juvenile or oven a mature brother, should he seem to deserve it. As also, be it known, that sometimes 1 have taken up the pen faithfully and honestly to rebuke in thèse roalistic and atheistic days there are aome modern writers, both of prose and poetry, older or younger, -who. have reason to thank me for ti.mely expostuiations,@if they hâve attended to my friendiy@strictures. THROucmouT my lengtbened spell of life 1 never was anything of a zealous politician. Well acquainted, as 1 have been, with many men of all manner of opinions, and having had much the sohooling of Ulysses, who had seen the cities of mnny men and had known their minds, I know perfectiy well that there are in every school of thought good men, and bad men too, what-ever may be their alleged principles, and 1 am quito willing to believe in an @honest@ man, and stand by hinr if need be. In that spirit, for many years when 1 was a West Surrey voter indeed I am so still , 1 used to give one of my votes to Briscoe, the Whig, and the other to Drummond, the Tory, because I knew and trusted both of them for upright men as well as personal friends, and they sat together. as our Parliamentary representatives. As a matter of course, nobody understood my duplex voting,-for thoy were partisans and 1 was not,-so in that as in some other matters 1 hâve always beon a dark horse, quite independent, and'of the broadgauge pattern rather than of the narrow. For instance, hav-ing known him from youth to age, I do hot even yet despair of Gladstone though I have remained muoh where we both began, whijst he bas gone down lower, step by stép, to a zero of-what is it ?-inver~ëd am-' CHAPTER XLII. POLITIOAL. bition, whither I cannot willingly descend with him and yet, 1 do not count him an enemy he follows his conscience, as I do mine. Here waa my judgment of the Man thirty years since, printed in No. 53 of my. Three Hundred Sonnets Gladstone, throngh youth and manhood many a year My constant heart hath followed thee with praise As 'good and faithful @@in thy words and ways Pure-minded, just, and simple, and@sincere And as, with early half prophetie ken 1 hailed thy greatness in my college days, The coming man to guide and govern men, How gladly that instinctive prescience then Now do 1 see ful@nll'd-beoause, thou art Our England's eloquent tongue, her wise free hand To pour, wherever is her world-wide mart, The horn of plenty over every land Beoause, by all the powers of mind and lip Thou art the orown of Christian statemanship. That high praise was once well.deserved, and was cor-dially given but sinop, alas 1 according to.'my lights I have seen fit more than once to palinode. Thé great man's rock of péril, whereoh to wreck both his country and himself, is that fatal eloquence by which all are captured, but as with birdlime are captured to their loss. But 1 will not reproduce invidioualy-sa if false to a fifty years' @@iendship-auy harsh reproach, however conscientious, whereby I may have pu@Micly withdrawn my praise. Rather will I pass on,-and after my own fashion will here show my ambidextrous muse in a brace of political utipublishod lyrics on either aide. .PopM M'Mm. Liberty dragg'd from the fetters of kings, Liberty@ dug from the oeil of the priest-Bise to thy height upon zenith-borne wings 1 Spread to thy breadth from the west to the east 1 Slow, through the ages, unbound limb by limb, Thou hast been rescued from tyranny's maw, Only glad service still yielding to Him Who @mieth@dn love by the sceptre of law t Nations have torn thee by fierce civil strife From the usurpers'who trod them to mud Saints at the stake gave up agonised life That superstitions be drown'd in hot @Mood 1 Theirs was the battle-the conquest is ours-Free souls and bodies the death-wrestled prize Won from bad kingoraft, despoiled of its powers, Wrenoh'd from false priestcraft in spite of its lies t od made thé freeman, but man made the slave, Forcing his brother the shackle to wear But all those fettera are loosed in the grave, Kiug, priest, and serf meeting equally there Hère, too, and now, in these swift latter days, Freedom all round is humanity's right Thought, speech, and action, enfranohised all ways, Eager for service in Liberty's@might. That may be truly labelled- Liberal thé next, @m houour of Beacons@Eeld, may be fairly ticketed Tory @@@Gréât Aohiever, @nrst in place England's' son of larael's race 1 Man whom none oould make afrafd, Self-reliant and self-made,-Potent both by tongue and pen In thé hearts and mouths of mon@ Wielder in each anxioua hour Of thé mighty people's power, Wise to scheme, and bold to do, Who can this be,-history, who ? 1 II. Heaper of a new renown Even on Victoria's crown, Mightiest friend of blessed peace By commanding wars to cease, Paralysing faction still, Swift in act and strong of will, Forcing every foe to cower Under Britain's patient power, Like himself, firm, frank, and trne, Who can this be,-justice, who ? For other of my politicals, take this common-sense essay from my pen, hitherto unpublished @@1S THE ONE-VOTE SYSTEM RIGHT OR WRONCt? a In a nation self-governed through its own representa-tives, it seems reasonable to admit that each citizen should have a vote each citizen, wo say, simply as such whether mâle or female, labourer, pauper, civil, niilitary, naval, or o@@mcial, every one not convicted of crime nor an atteated lunatic, of full age, of sufficient capacity evidenced by being able to read and write , cglibate or married, rich or poor,-every@persou in our commonwealth should equitably, it may well bo con-ceded, Lave his or her single vote in the government of the country. Poverty is no crime, therofore the Work-, house should not disfranchiso sex is no just disqualin-oation, thereforo the woman should have her vote as freely as the man, for surely marriage ought not to' suffèr derogation and disgrace by denial of the common right of citizenship as its penalty the soldier, sailor, policeman, government o@nicial, and any other class which may now be deprived of their birthright by law or custom, should certainly be admitted to thé poil like other patriotio citizens in. short, manhood su@nrage, it may be theoretically argued, is just and wise-manhood of course including womanhood, as suggested above for even a wife either sides with her husband or controls him in common cases and in the less usual instances where he rules, thére need be no more tyranny about poli-tical matters than about. domesticities, and so the home would scarcely. bé any the.worse even for partisan zeal. However,.whi!st admitting the theoretical propriety of a one vote for each citizen in the state, there remains to be coinsidéred the higher practical justice of@many having more than one. Numbers alone are not the strength of a people if of infe@nor quality they are rather its weakness. For the Parliament of England représentation is demanded of all the virtues, talents, and acqùirements, not cortainly of the vice, ignorance, poverty, and other evils mord rife amoug the lower rungs of the social ladder than to those above them. Thé single vote system so far as the franchise bas any influence at ail depresses and demoralises every class, as reducing all to one dead levé!. Thé ballot plan is now law and. cannot well be done away with but it is manifestly a h~miiiation fur intelligence to have to sign with his mark in order that ignorance may thus feel itself on an equality and for honest genia@Hty to be hushed into silent aocresy, that it may not put to shame the cunning fraud of a partizan who wishes to hide his real opinion. However, it is now too late to mend thé ballot-box let it be, aud let the single voter' use it if lie pleases. Another and a wiser scheme presents itself, practi-cally if possible even now to avert the national ruin wrought by the machinations of a rash and blind self-seeking spirit of party, often. seen hoist by its own petard, though too liable to destroy the foundations of society in the explosion. Shortly and simply, the scheme is this. Let every man, high or low, add to his one vote others as lie may and can. Be there a vote for the Victoria Cross, another for the Albert Medal, auother for long good-service in' the hous.ehold or thé farm, another for any such intellectual exploits among thé poor as .Samuel Smiles bas recorded all thèse being accessible to thé humblest, and so elevating them thus far. And now to asoend a few rungs, let additional votes be given to owners of a stated number of acres, to possessors of a certain amouut of money, to those who have been deemed worthy of public honours, and the like. A little further, let every mayor of a town have his o@@mcial vote, and the Presidents of the Royal Society and Royal Academy, and perhaps two or three other cbiefs of science and art and so forth. Thus, tbeu, we might get, by way of oounterpoise to the voting power of a bare and overwhelming prolé-tariat, the worthier aud far sweeter voices of those who have virtues aud excellences of@Yarioua kinds to recom-mend them,-so that if the lowest constituent côuMta for one, the highest may add up to six or eight. And thus, while no one of the mob is denied his one vote, those who rise above the crowd receive the more than one they hâve earned by good-doing or position, and plunip them all accordingly to the worthiest candidate., The method of ascertai@mag and ensuring such votes might be this. Let each man who bas more than his single suffrage apply for the paper specially prepared to indicate the additional votes. They might be much as thus ~!M'~M C?CMM-0?M Vote MCA. For the Victoria Cross f Signature of Claimant. For@the@Albert@Medal ditto. For faithful domestio service in one family ditto. tweDty-Rve@years. r For 1ield-work on the same farm thirty years ditto. As@a@famous@self.taught@naturalist ditto. As owner in fee of 50 acres ditto. As possessed of @1000 in Government fuads ditto. As publicly seleoted for honour by the Queen ditto. As@mayorof@snoh@a@city ditto. As President of the Royal Society ditto. As President of the Royal Aoademy ditto. o. o. o. Heavy penalties should attaoh to false claimants, who would be readily found by their own signatures. Ail these surplus votes, openly avowed, of course, and not kept secret as the single one in the ballot-box, would be counted up in the scores of the several candidates. Thé surplus-voting papers should be applied for, be supp@Hed, and be returned when filled up-by post,'and so ail such voting be accomplished on paper, as in thé élections for Oxford University, o. It is a barbarism and acachronism at this time of day to insist on the great cost and inconvenienoo of a personal appearanee,. in many cases impossible. If our people in every olass, and our legislators of .whatever party, are dissatisfied with the present system of représentation as by no means showing the nation at 2A its best, and thus practically a mistake, let them con-sider this suggestion one made long àgo by the write~ as proved by his published works. The Fb ~ JtfoMo. i. For Church and State 1 our father's honoured toast Dear England's ancient bulwark and her boast Must we now cease to build and man the wall At base Sanballat's and Tobiah'a call 1 Shall Atheistie soorn and Jesuit guile Make Nehemiah quit his work awhile, That their Arabian host may tear ail down, And trample in the dust our Zion's orown f May God avert it 1 No surrender@ No 1 We will not yield the battle to the foe, Nor shall the ohiidren.of our fathers thus Betray the heritage they left to us 1 ïl. For Church and State@ While so we dread no storm, Let@no@man@shr@mk@from@wise@and@just@Beform But with a firm and faithful, yet kind, hand, Prune oankers and corruptions from the land Eumble the pride of priestoraft@ we are eaoh Brother to @Mm who doth Christ@s gospel preaoh, And-though a trivial shibboleth offend-One who serves God and man shall be my friend Ay, and some loaves and fishes should be given By the rioh state to Ministère of Heavon 1 So shall both Churoh and State survive this strife, And dwell at peace with ail, as man and wife, @@m. For Ohuroh and Stato -Yea though the King of Heaven As bridegroom to thé Church Eimself was given, Yet is He symbolled in this earth-bound sphère By the throned presence of our Sovereign here i And, ev'n as man and wife in -figure show Christ and his spiritual spouse below, So by the eye of faith we gladly soan Our double duty-both to God and man-In yielding hearts to love, minds to obey Religion's mandate and the Ruier's sway, Defending timely, ère it be too late, Our threatened fortresses of Church and State J As to the disputed matter of Protection, 1 am for Free Trade so far only as regards the matter of pro-visions but 1 desire Fair Trade on the reciproeity'system where manufactured articles and their raw material are concerned. We absolutely require free food,-but are being ruined by the bad bargain of one-sided Free Trade otherwise. Our ships Mr. Brockelbank tells me go out empty, and return full exports fail, but imports are redundaut. As a final word about my polities, which 1 suppose may be called Liberal-Conservative, I am free to confess that 1 am only too half-hearted and am rather of Talleyrand's mind in the matter, surtout point de zélé. However, I heartily side with any one who protests against hereditary pensions, especially in the case of royal i@Uegitimates, as also against thé glaring impropriety of ceasing tô exact legacy and probate duties boyond a certain@sum, thus favouring the million-aire, as well as of exeusing@the highest of our sooiety from all manner of taxation. Thèse pieces of favouritism to thé rich and great are only too reasonable causes of.popular discontent, and must ere long cease. 1 would shut up half the pub@Ho-houses in spite of all thé brewers in the Lords and Commons and for Chureh matters, parishioners should hâve some control over 1 their pastors. If@ever@our@Esta@Miahmentis@ovorthrown. 4 that catastrophe will be due to clérical faults and de-faults, rather than to lay apathy or hostility. If rectors were lésa tyrannical, congregations would love them better and if curates were more inclined to Luther than to Rome, thé Protestant heart of England would the gladlier .appreciate their zeal and capabilities. As to thé social mischief of Trades' Unions, an organised conspiracy of employed against employers, fatal to.both, 1 have often exposed that evil in newspapers, though anony mously. It is an outrage on the honest working man with a family, that even in starving times he is obliged by paid démagogues to refuse work and wages unless he will give the least labour for the most pay,.as the worst of his mates are glad to be forced to do while the wicked absurdity of strikes, smasbing factory windows and destroying machinery in order. to coerce unfortunate masters to pay higher wages than they can afford, is climaxed by those brigand processions of idle roughs who go about bawling, We've no work to do, and wouidn't do it if we had. The British workmau. of course with many exceptions bas become a byword for everything unpieasant, which both large contractors and small employers avoid if they can drink, bank holidays, radical spouterp, the conceit of being botter than their betters, and above aIl that suicidai iniquity of atrikes, seem in these latter days to. have generally demora@Used a race of citizens of whose virtues our commonwealth once was proud. No wonder that. John Bull.had to go to Germany to @Bhish his Law Courts. CHAPTER XLIII. A CURE FOR IRELAND. IN connection with the above, I will hère print for thé first time a paper written long ago on the now rife subject of a cure for Irish misery at all events partially. Ireland bas been with me a theme for many kinds of literature from that usual sort of authorship, letters in the @Times@, to journalising on occasion, balladising in or out of season, and now and then a political squib or graver article. I have known that hapless land well in old days irom Giant's Causeway to Cape Clear have been a guest in several noted homes,, as with geological Enniskillen and astronomical Crampton know the natives well, and how they hâve been taught by prieats and démagogues to hate the Sassenacb, and@ like most well-meaning men, who, after every kind effort, find tbemselves utterly misunderstood, am as a -merely private and quite unprejudiced@politician entirely at a loss .to know how to please that inipracticable people, or to mend their misérable condition. However, that in my authorial fashion I @@A tM tried, let the follôwing paper prove written and published nearly thirty years ago. Nations think and feel and act much as individuals do for, after all, the largest orowd of men is, only an aggre-gate of units. If contempt provokes a man to anger, and avowed negleot forces him into indolence and hope-lessnesa, we shall see the same result in masses as we do in single persons and the causes which may have generated hatred and despair will everywhere and everywhen find cures in their contraries, honour being accorded in the place of contempt, and kindly care instead of cold indifference. Thus, the far too common phrase, 'No Irish need apply,' bas doubtless wrought in@anité ill-feeling and the Levite's chilling rule of @passing by on the other side' evermore arouses indig-nation nationally no less than individually. Now, it cannot be denied in an ethnological sensé that the Celtic nature is peculiarly sensitive any more than it can be denied historically that its good feelings have been too often systematically crushéd, and its generous impulses seared. If the l'eutonio mind illus-trates in sterner traits the manhood of human intelli-gence, the Ceit shows its gayer youthfulness, if not indeed tha lighter phases of its rec@Hesa childhood and it bas been a second nature for the Saxon to hold mas,tery over the Celt, as a weaker race is everywhere subject to a strong one. Moreover, opposition in re-ligious creed bas had its evil influences, scarcely yet extinct, however caustically such a cure may in vain have been hitherto attempted. We must take nations as we find them thé Keltoi and the Sakai@ aiways at contrariety, do not seem to have altered in character from the earliest prehistorio reports,of old Herodotus even to our own times, more than three thousand years..Racial peculiarities are known to survive the actual transplantation to new lands see in especial the Irish of America as the Roman poet bas it, 'Those who cross the sea may change their sky, but not their mind.' Therefore it is that a far-seeing and philosophical statesmanship should ever deal spoci@neally-and as if individually-with national churacter for example,. if we would couvert the typical Irish mind from muât we say it ? hatred of England to the love of her, we must commence as we would in domestic life, by somehow managing to please our too sensitive sister, by showing her our sympathies, and by treating her with honour instead of contemp-tuoua indifference thus investing her with @thé gar-ment of praise for the spirit of heavinesa.@ It is a quarter of a century since the writer of this paper published in the course of a book of his, now somewhile out of print Thé Rides and Reveries of ~Eaop Smith , the following short chapter, on page 322, hère reproduced textually. It was headed The Unsunned Corner, and runs thus @Ireland came upon the @tapis@, and JEsop said, when bis turn came to speak One of my fields, on the wrong slope of a hill-Bide and surrounded by trees, scarcely ëver sees the sun and by consequence its crops are short when arable, and when in pasture its grass sour, and the hay musty. And why then, he went on to say, shouidn't Ireland have a palace a Balmoral at.Ei@Uarnoy, or another Osborne at Killiney~ Poor Erin is that unsunned corner of our Empire's field and it seems a thousand pities,that the kingdom of Ireland should be denied some auch special royal home as is even found rather super@ûuousiy at the camp at AIdershot. What if one@of those lovely arbutus-wooded islands at the foot of@M'GHilicuddy's Reeka were' ntted with a Swiss cottage for the Queen? Or if Bantry Bay supplied its marble for a royal castle near Cape Clear ? 1 Or if the railroad to Galway were supplied with a gilt carriage or two to waft Majesty and children to some western palace in Connemara ? Think you such gleams of sunshine wouldn't fertilise that poor neglected field, nor make its crops abundant, and its peasants happy? z Think you that the gold mine of Royal bounty, and the graciousness of Royal favour, would not work a blessed change for grateful Ireland 1 Try it, 0 good Queen t-a Viceregal Court, excellent as ours is now, is but a sorry substitute for the real Majesty, nickel for eilvèr, electrotyped plate in-stead of the true golden buffet not without snobbism too, and toadyism and vulgarism and other détestable small heresies. If but once in three years Viotoria's rural Court were housed in an Irish palace, her présence would do more for happiness, prosperity, and patriotism than..all of these that Maynooth grants have ever hindered. Thus ~!sop Smith in 1858 delivered his mind on the matter. It is by no means pretended or supposed that a palatial résidence would of itself cure Irish evila aud misfortunes but it might be a step towards@this@good resuit!, and at any rate would rembve one very allegible accusation of negleot Ireland should enjoy the like privilèges with her sister kingdoms England and Soot-land and however inadéquate, ~f'M, suoh a simple prescription may soem as jEsop Smith suggeats, his advioe contains at least one very obvious and easy cure for Irish disa@neotion and 1 am not aware that either by.pamphlet or in Parliament it bas yot been seriousiy mooted. Thé Celts are a folk of easentially loyal in-stincts but much as Americans often are heard to complain in their own behaJf they have, as an inde-pendent nation, no seen and known object for their loyalty. Since the days of Brian Boroime at his mytbic court of Tara, the Irish people have hardly set eyes upon thé monarch of their country perhaps if we except the conquering William of thé Boyne our elderly Adonis, George the Fourth, was the sole specimen of English Majesty that has illuminated Ireland until our gracious Queen herself made two very short but notable visita-tions in 1849 and 18@~ yet even in the Georgian instance, unfavourable as personally it must have been, the enthusiastic reception he met with some sixty years ago at the hands of his Irish subjeots is still reniembored after two générations with a gratefui and effusive loyalty. Imagine, if only from such an example as this, what might be the bohe@ncent effect of our good Queen periodically visiting her kingdom of Ireland, and per-manently having thero soine such happy@homestead as Osborne or Balmoral if also, in her absence, one of the princes of our Royal, house represented his Imperial mother as Vicoroy and if'in their train the tide of aristooracy, wealth, and fashion @Ëowed in upon im-poverished Ireland. It is not easy to caloulate the advantages of such a social revolution as this and surely, in spite of many obvious objections, such an experimeut might be worth the trial. A beginning might avowedly be made in the right direction, by building or purchasing some suitable castle as a permanent palace for Ireland's Queen say, for old assooiation's sake, at Tara, if ànyhow adaptable,-or any other picturosque neighbourhood connected with some anoient chieftain of the Irish quasi-heptarchy wherein a Royal Establishment might be commenced, in present proof of the serious intention as to an early future résidence the mind of the people might be thus prepared for the speedy coming of their Sovereign and her Court, and would be softened and gratified by the evident confidence and good-feeling thus shown as well as their condition materially bene@nted by the necessary expenditure that must be laid out looaJIy in labour and materials, giving work to the needy, and so helping to cure Erin's chief disease,@poverty to the verge of famine. As to actual life-peril,-every due precaution being taken,-the happy result of such a humanising experiment might fairly be left to the generous native loyalty of a kindly treated people, and to the gracious guardianship of God's good providence. 1 am sure that present Royalty would neither be boy-cotted nor burked. We remember with what generous cordiality our Prince and Princess were received by ail classes and creeds in their recent brave visit to Ireland. I cannot honestly protend to have always taken quite so amiable a view of Oeltio matters. 1 plead guilty to having more than once assailed in print Daniel O'Connell and his kind, and to have written a pair of once famous poetical fly-leaves, E@dn go@bragh and Hurrah for Repealt copies of which beyond my arohivod ones can now only be found in the Ballad Collection of the British Museum, which 1 used to supply with my Sibyllines@ at a chief librarian's ro. quest 1 forget the name, but he co@Heoted suoh placards. 1 fear the two above were not very complimentary but'what can one do for a perverse people, who com-plain of it as a wrong that they are excused the Queen's .taxes? Also I wrote certain famous letters on Ireland, especially four long ones signed T.@ iu the @Times@ of January i8 .7. In Ireland I hâte caught a salmon at Killarnoy and cooked it too on an arbutus stake I have bruised my shins at the Giact's Causeway 1 have been an honoured guest at olassioal Florence Court have picked up native gold at Avoca have donc the Round Towers, possibly Phoenician Baal-temples have handled Brian Boroime's harp and have been shooked everywhere by the poverty and degradation of that musical barbarian's misérable because idle people. What can be done for those who will not help themselves ? 1 HAVING often been asked to put on record my fow and far-between experiences of spiritualism, as on several occasions I have verbally related them, 1 hâve hitherto neglected or declined to do so, on account of having really seen little, whereas many others have seen far more. And on the whole it is to me rather an unwel-come task from several considerations first, because, 1 hâve never wished to add, by my apparent testimony, to the rising tide of unwholesome superstition in that or any other direction secondly, because I had always a crowd of more important matters to look after, and, porhaps, was inclined to indolence in thé @d@!o~ far niente@ respecting things of less consequence to myself and thirdly, in chief, beoause, albeit 1 have seen and heard a few of thé petty miracles avouched for other-wise by thousands of better witnesses inexplicable to my own reason, 1 yet entirely abjure and renounce this so-oalled spiritualism as any part of my personal belief. In 'particular, it seems to me quite an inconclusion to give to. the spirits of the doad, or to any other exist-ences, good or evil uniess, indeed, by possibility to our-aelves as magnetically and sympathotically influenced by sorne motaphysical potonoies whereof we know next to nothing , the seemingly miraculous powers exhibited, CHAPTER XLIV. SOMB SPIRITUAUSTIO REMINISOENOES. however weakly and childisbiy, in numberless @s6ances@, privileged to possess among the company an ecstatic medium between as is assumed themselves and beings immaterial. The little 1 hava seen and heard shall, however, now, upon a reasonable call, be related simply and honestly, without any theory beyond what is parenthetically alluded to in my last sentence, and with no attempt at explanation, but only the expression of this truth, viz., that no collusion apparently was possible according to my judgment in any of the following manifestations, and that 1 promise only to state plain @@cts, however@ others may seek to expound them. Of course, where cunning and dishonesty may contrive conjuring tricks it is not worth while to treat such manifestations seriousiy, but 1 speak of what seemed to be genuine, if trifling, marvels. To. begin, then, with my earliest expérience, written down thé same evening, and sent to the @Brighton Gazette@, from 'which 1 give a.n extract. The date. is Thursday,@January 25th, 1849 thé host, the late Mr. Howell, of Hove the performer, Alexis, pupil of M. Marcillet, who accompanied him. After clairvoyance, induced by passes, Alexis is-bl.indfolded carefully, and then, with the host's own pack of cards, wins blind-folded at ga.mes of écarts with myself. Next, a French book, brought by an inoredulous physician, was placed open upon thé forehead of Alexis, who read aloud some lines of it. This experiment, with variations, was several times.ropeated. The third was my own test. 1 had sealed up Bomething unknown to all the world but myself.in twelve envelopes of white paper. Alexis, pla.cing. thé parcel on his forehead, in broken and difficult enunciation, said it was writing, two names, both commencing with M one of them an English name, the other French, or some language not English that the first contained four letters, the second six being really nine , but he failed to give the names, which were Mary Magdalene. 'It waa suggested that if they had been written in French his mind might bave more easily discerned them. After this, several locks of hair and sealed-up parcels, watches, and lockets, were with sonie unsuccessful attempts guessed at, seemingly to the satisfaction of the ladies and gentlemen who had respec-tively brought them for explanation. The last experi-ment regarded a large bon-bon box covered up, in which the host himself had concealed a mystery. Alexis described it as wrapped in several folds@ graven ail round, oval, a portrait of a young person of eighteen, but done a long time ago, set in gold, femme habillée en blanc elle est morte, la tête au droit. In all these respects the object waa faithfully described, in particular to the long time ago, which, by a date on the portrait, was found to be 1769. And there were some other experiments, but Alexis, as appearing to be well-nigh worn out with mental exertion, was then mercifully unmesmerised. 1 may mention, by the way, that the said host at whose house Alexis attended w@u a firm believer in the power of the human will, and as conneoted therewith, in mesmerism, whereby he used to cure people of head-aches aud other i@uërmities and, at length, through his philanthropie and energetio attraction to himself of .other folks@ disorders for he fanoied he imbibed for his own behoof the pains he drained ct 6~~ , he un-happily became d paralytio, dying not long aftor. One of his less perilous attempts at the miraculous, 1 remem-ber was this he brought a street Arab into his drawing-room, and put a half-crown down on the carpet for him to pick up if he could, and keep for himself however, this the boy found, to his wonderment, to be practically impossible, seeing that Mr. Howell had secretly.willed that he could not and should not pick up the prize. But such eË'orts of a man's strong will are well evi-denced in numerous other instances, and serve to prove that no spiritual interferences beyond our noble selves are essential to such mysteries. Amongst other reminiscences of the marvellous, 1 may refer to a private exhibition in the Bernera Stroet Hôtel, to which I was invited by Mrs. Washington Phillips of whom more anon , to investigate Mr. Ver-non's influence over a little girl some twelve years old. Thé child's specialty was an alleged capability of read-ing without eyesight, the back of her head low down on the nape doing duty in the way of vision. To omit nùmeroua other suecessfui examples some failing, which 1 thought so far évidences of the absence of collusion , 1 will detail my own conclusive experiment. But let me anticipate an objection relating to the exhibitor him-self. Some of'our pai-ty, a very distinguished one, and known to eaoh other, kept Mr. Vernon in conversation at a distance, while the child was reading our thoughts, or the actual words of print unknown to ourselves, quite independontly of his manipulations ho having first oomatisod her into a mesmerio state of trance. Thé invited guests were told, as in the Alexis case, that wo might bring our own, tests and 1 had put into my pocket a sma@U volume ofMilton. @@om whioh she might read. on thé nape of her rieok, if she could, We had 1 previously bandaged her oyes, even to plaistering them up and were only bidden to be careful not to let the handkarchief cover the place of reverted seeing on her neck. 1 stood behind the child, and, without knowing where 1 opened my little Milton, placed the expànded volume on the back of her head and forthwith, slowly and with di@niculty, as a child might, she read two lines of blank verse, which 1 and all immediately verified 1 Now, 1 state a fact which 1 cannot explain for 1 my-self had not seen the lines, so my own brain was not read neither could Mr. Vernon nor any one else have been concerned in the matter. 1 believe this sort of thing to be well-known to spiritualists, and they may, for aught 1 know, refer it tô aNgelic or necromantic interposition whereas, what physicians. tell us of hypochondria is, perhaps, a mysterious explanation nearer the mark. The same child, refreshed into an abnormal ecstasy@ takihg thé hands of several of our party professed to read their thoughts, with admitted success in some in-stances. With me she failed, but then I was not con-sidered MH'o!~ o~. Female believers are always much more susceptible than masculine sceptics. However, I certainly had proof of thé child's marvellous power in, this slight matter following. Two young ladies had successfuiïy brought her in spirit@ into their mother'a drawing-room in Berkeley Square, the child graphically explaiuing ail she saw as she was mentally lèd along, and. on being asked if she noticed anything new and pretty on the mantel-piece, she got up@and placed herself in an attitude of dancing, and she said there was a @nguro and it was clothed in lace. This was true it was a bisque statuette of Tag ioni. On being led round the room, still in spirit and clairvoyante, the ohild strangely described wax-flowers under a glass, and laughed heartily at Ta@Sy riding his goat,@@a china ornament which she could have known nothing @ô~ With respect to the lady who invited us, 1 can relate a strange story wherewith the Brighton doctors in 1848 were familiar. Mrs. p. had an invalid daughter subject to violent headaohes, and as she had read of the remedial powers of mesmerism from Chauncey Townsend's book, privately resolved to try and cure her, and soon set her to sleep by the usual passes. However, when after twelve and even eighteen hours the girl could not be awakened, Mrs. P. and her husband a @dergyman, who knew nothing of the cause were alarmed and summoned doctor after dootdr, to wake her, if they could. But all was in vain, until some one turning to the peccant and magical volume found that by the simple proceas of reversing the passes the abnormal sluniber might be made to cease. This was done at once@ and all came more than right, for the girl woke up with. out her usual hoadache, and was cured from that hour@ At this time of day@ after thirty years and more, society having become wiser, and our médical men more physio-logically hygienio, we all now@wot of mesmerism, and innumerable cases of cure through that mysterious form of@catalepsy, For another small experience, 1 have several times been' among a orowd of others at public exhibitiona of those who speak off-hand in prose or verse, in. spirationa@Uy as they call it, but as thé outer world prefer to believe, improvisatorially, and oertainly amid auch gifted persons Mrs. Oora Tappan stands out prom@mently in my memory. At the Brighton Pavillon as B I gave her for a theme to be versified on the spot ex-tempore my own heraldie motto, L'espoir est ma force, and to my astonishment, in a burst of rhyméd éloquence she rolled off at least a dozen four-line stanzas on Hope and its spiritual power. Some one else among the audience gave the subject of cremation, and forthwith the lady descanted with terri@6c force on funeral pyres and the horrors of Gehenna whilat a mâle performer affected to personate sundry well-known dead orators. of past days for as the inspirers were supposed to be disembodied spirits no living orators were allowable , and he certainly imitated both voices and topics with singular success. But everybody bas heard of this sort of thing, sufficiently remarkable as a mental effort and we have all similarly wilneased the more material marvels of Maskelyne and Cook,I nown to be mechanical contrivances which are still riddles to the world. Again, there are those who draw and paint in a. con-dition of spiritual ecstasy and I remember visiting à public exhibition in Bond Street, exclusively of most curious and intricate pictures, asserted to have been inspired by dead artists, some being elaborate @nouriah-' ings of scenes and figures, said to be thus depicted as -with lightning speed. As to living artists, there are in existence several excitable youths and damsels who.write and draw very rapidiy in an ecstatic state, and I my-self possess a dreamy conglomerate of mioroscopio faces crowded together, and stated to have been drawn thus instantaneouely to prove to us thé cloud of witnesses, thé innumerable company of angels, by whom we are continually surrounded. I pretermit with brief mention sundry inexplicable wonders, such as those wherewith the, spiritualistio papers are frequently full, only stating that I was one of those who investigated the case of thé Rev. Mr. Vaughan's pew-opener, at St. James's, Brighton, whose daughter was thought to be bewitohed. Certainly, atrauge knockings accompaniod her when she came in at my call, much like those 1 heard many years ago at Rochester, U.S. and her mother a pious and credible widow assured me, with tears of unfeigned anxiety, that the chairs and etools followed her about !-a state-ment only half credibla, when we reflect that there is an animal magnetism as well as a minéral one, and that we know nothing of the reasons of either. Our ignorance on such matters is so profound that we may fairly be crèdulous unless we obstinately refuse altogether our belief in human testimony but if we- dare to do this, higher interests are endangered than spiritualisties. Our religion is mainly based upon credible évidence. There .is certainly much that is mysterious in the toy they call Planchette, a triangular thin slab of polished wood on a couple of small whoels, with a pencil at the apex. Hands laids upon this by two persons properly conditioned, will give apparent vitality and volition t@ thé small machine, and make the pencil seem to write ôf itself in answer to expressed or meditated questions. At a wealthy mansion in South Kensington, for instance, 1 saw two charmiug young Italian ladies, aisters, cover-ing rapidly sheet after sheet with the abstrusest essaya on oocult subjects, given to them to write upon inspira tionally and the chiëf wonder was as a learned friend by me well observed where the knowledge came from, so seemingly infused into two unsoienti@no young girla. Afterwards the said learned friend tried Plan ohette with me, and wo were considerably startled to find that when 1 asked of the so-called spirits, What think ye of Christ? the pencil under our uncon-sciously-guided hands made answer, With the utmost révérence@ I need not assure mankind that neither my friend nor 1 both incredulous and unwilling witnesses lent ourselves or one another to any deception, and were mentally inclined, if at all, to the expectation that the spirits might rather blasphéme than bless. It is rigbt to mention tbat, beyond the pair of young ladies and our two selves, only the host and hostess were in the room of whom 1 have this further wonder to report, vi@ , that the host, whom 1 must not specify by name without hie leave, is a@@micted with blindness, notwith-standing which and his alleged incompétence towards poetry as an old naval o@@ cer, his wife showed me several copybooks full of blank verse written by him in a hand unlike his own, and supposed by them to bé inspired by Young, as a continuation of his Night Thoughts. The captain and his lady also told us how irequently flowers and aweetmeats ! were showered on them from thé ceiling at their domestic dual @séances@ aud on another occasion a lady showed my@wife and,me a paper of seed pearis, alleged to have been flung into her lap from the heavens-through the ceiling-by her departed lord and master 1 Similarly, a lady well known in the professed!y spiritualistio circles, deposited round her chair, in the dark, at Mr. S. 0. Ha@U's, a profusion of bouquets-probably from Covent Garden~-and that, notwithstanding the hostess had herself searohed the lady before the @séance@, as it waa known tbat Mrs. G.'s special gift from thé spirits. was the multiCudinous creation of flowers t Really, there must be a stand somewhere made to credulity but, at all events, thé venerable host and hostess believod this, on what seemed to them reasonable evidence, and quite forgave me for not believing it too. And this brings me, naturally enough, to give a de. tailed account of thé two best and last @séances@ 1 ever took the trouble to attend for 1 have, during many years, entirely avoided such exhibitions, as generally childish, mentally unwholesome, and to some people dangerously seductive. 1 had several times asked my worthy friends last alluded to, to give me and a friend of mine, a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, thé privilege of assisting at a @séance@ under their experienced guid-~noe and accordingly we were invited to meet Mr. Home, the high priest of spiritualism, a quiet, well-mannered gentlemanly person enough, known to our host from his birth. The other guests were a countess, thé widow of a colonel, and a distinguished physician in all we numbered eight. My @@iend and 1 were re. quested privately, by. our host, to conceal our probable ihcredulity@if@we@desired the favour of the spirits in the way df manifestations and. as these were what we came for, besides our own polite désire to do at Rome as the Romans do, we readily assented to the reasonable request. After the usual greetings and small talk of the day, and tea and coffee and so forth, we all took seats round the drawing-room oircular table, a very weighty onë, as 1 proved afterwards, on a gigantic cen-tral pillar, and coverpd with a heavy pièce of velvet tapestry and before commencing the special business we came for, I was pleased to hear our host propose that we should all kneel round the table and offer up prayer this ho did, simply and. beautifully, in some words@ ex-temporary, closing with a Ghurch oolleot and the Lord'B Prayer. On my expressed approval of this course, when we rose, Mr. Home said it was always his custom, as a precautionary measure against the self-intrusion of evil spirits admittedly a wisdom, even if it seemed some-what unwise and perilous to be more or less courting the company of such unpleasant guests, if a @séance@ as experienced afterwards did not happen to be made safe by exorcism. And now the gaslights bracketed round. the room were put as low as possible, making a dim, religious semi-darkness however, as there was a bright fire in the grate, and some small scinti@Dae of gas, and one's eyesight soon gets accustomed to any diminution of light, we could soon see nearly as well as usua!. This gloaming is a common condition in @séances@, and for aught any one knows may be an electrical @sinè qud non@ as needed for animal magnetism albeit some paid profes-sionals may possibly find darkness a very useful voil for cheatery. While we were chatting round the table, and Mr. Home enjoined this as better than the silent sobriety 1 looked for-suddenly the table shuddered, and a cold wind swept over our hands laid upon it. They are coming now, said Mr. Home, whioh every-body seemed glad- of, though that cold wind felt to me not a little uncancy, but 1 said nothing in disparage-ment, for fear of stopping a manifestation. Soon loud knocks were heard, apparently from thé middle of thé table, and on sundry spirits being alleged to be présent, Mr. Home proceeded to question them through the ordinary olumsy fashion@ of thé alphabet, and some unimportant answers .were olicited, whioh I fail to re@@@@@@-and in common honesty must not invent. We wore soon to soo stranger things and 1 suppose the @séance@ was exceptionally suceessfui, as I afterwards noticed some of it in print. For while we were looking and expecting, suddenly the table began to tilt this way and that, and then as if by an effort the ponderous mass, with all our hands still upon thé velvet pall, positively mounted slowly into the air, insomuch that we were obliged to rise from our chairs and stand to reach the surface. I could see it at least two feet from the car-pet, and Mr. Home invited me to take especial notice that none of the company could possibly be lifting the table indeed, thé strength of all of us combined would hâve been barely enough for sueh a heavy task. Of course, every one else but myself and friend supposed that the spirits had kindly done this miracle'to please us but I unfortunately said Oht 1 Mrs. Hall 1 it will crush your chandelier@ one of Venice glass, very pre-cious -at which unbolieving remark, probably, the spirits took umbrage, for at once the table ceased ascending, and with a slow oscillation descended very gently on to the carpet. This sort of petty miracle is a frequent expérience among the spiritualists, and how it is @oSected I cannot imagine. There could be no con-trivance or machinery in our host's drawing-room, as must be the case imitatively at the Egyptian Hall none of thé company. could be conspiring to deceivé, and more than all, that huge, heavy table rising up against the law of gravitation waa onbugh to chase away all inoredu@Uty. One fact is stronger'than fifty théories and one reliable success ôverweighs a thousand @@ilures. 1 testify to that whioh 1 have seen. But more, and more wondrous, was to follow. A@U at once Mr. Home flung himself baok in his chair, looking wild and white ' and then rising slowly and solemniy, went to the still bright fire, into whiolr he thrust bis unproteotod hands, and taking out a double handful of live coa!s, placed them-as a @nre offering-upon Mr. Hall's snow-white head, combing the hair over them with his fingers, ail which our host appeared to receive more than patiently-religioualy. Thereafter Mr. Home placed them in the Countess's blonde-lace cap, and carried them, as a favour vouohsafed by the spirits, to each of us, to hold in our banda. When he came to me, Mr. Hall said My friend, have faitb. Yes, I anawered, and courage, too whereupon 1 was blest with a good handful of those wonderful coals, still hot enough to burn any skin but, somehow or other, I felt no pain and had no mark. Here was another law of nature put to shame, in the miraculous fact that fire was seemingly deprived of the power of burning. How this could be, 1 cannot guess but 1 record manfully the fact as witnessed. After this, an aécordion held under the table by Mr. Home with one hand, the other being upon the table, positively .played a tune of itself -Yo banks and braes o' bonnie Doon -requestod by Dr. Chambers, tbat being the tune his dead child loved so. I was requested to look under the table to see the spirit-hand operating near thé carpet but 1 saw nothing except the vitalised accordion expanding and coritracting of itself, being held tightly at the upper handie by Mr. Home. Some of the oompany, however, claimed to see and to shake hands with the child, and Mr. Home requested me to ask for a similar favour by placing my hand open under the table this, accordingly, I ventured to do, with the result of feeling my thumb sensibly touohed and thrilled, which 1 W@M told was a good sign of favour from the spirits-albeit in my own mind 1 remembered what our omniscient Shakespeare sings at the mouth of one of the Macbeth witches, By the pricking of my thumbs Something wioked this way oomes @and failed to feel quite comfortable. Soon, however, Mr. Home said Thé accordion is leaving my hand and 1 saw the mysterious thing crawling on the flbor like a lame dog till it got into a corner. Of course, I suspected a secret string but all at once it moved out and came back, moaning ~Eolianly as it went,. and stood up beside thé chair of Mrs. Colonel N. S., who patted it lovingly thence passing behind me it went and stood beside the Countess, who aiso caressed it and then Mr. Home said Now ask the spirit to come to you whereto I acceded, and the accordion crept near me, as if unwillingly, and stood up but when I touched it the thing shrank from my unsympathetio hand, and fell down flop. After this, I noticed that my naval friend was staring with all his eyes at something over our military widow's head, and that his hair it is red, which colour is very apiritualiatio stood on end as with fear. What's the matter, P. ? 1 asked. Don't you see it@ rosponded he, What? Il Thé grey figure behind Mrs. N. S., bearded like an Egyptian Sphinx. That's thé Colonel! exolaimed Mr. Hall, and the widow bowed religiously, with a Dear t is it you ? On this, as my friend waa terribly frightened, we soon took leave and when, we went home, I found that he was so, pursued by spirits rapping all about him, that he actually vacated his own room and slèpt in mine, for protootion 1 against thë invisible, on two chairs till morning broko ! when he feared the spirits no longer. 1 may mention that this insight into an immaterial' world he having been incliued before to pyrrhonism quite altered bis career, and that soon after he took holy orders. In this connection I may state, that according to a printed account I hâve seen, both Mr. and Mrs.~ Hall were con-verted from avowed materialism by spirit manifesta-tion, and that whea the question of C~t OMO~ is raised, his expérience and that of divers others the aforesaid Dr. Ohambers in particular will avouch for thé practical usefulness of thèse inexplicable marvels. But I must have done, with only one other reminis-cence soon after that at Ashiey Place. This time the venue is Fitzroy Square, and the company to omit needless détail was a polyglot one, consisting chiefly of a German merchant, a Hebrew financier, a French governess, my naval friend aforesaid, who was quick at Latin, and I,.who more or less remembered my Greek. Of course English was represented in the two only other guests and it will be seen how strangely philology ënters into this my next and concluding anecdote. After plenty of other rappings and noises I noticed by thé way that all thé métal things in the room, as castors and cruets-it was a dining-room-and wine coblers and bronze chandelier, were clicked and clanged , and after the usual stupid alphabet questions and answers had been exhibited after also the -heavy mahogany table on @nve substantial pillars had been miraoulousiy moved about the room and tilxed, as we failed to effect at the @@~Mo~e@ when we tried all at once a thundering knook quite shook the table and st rtled us, on whioh Dr. Connell, our unprofessional medium for the nonce, as he had eeon more of spiritualistics than we had, oallod for the alphabetioal test to ascertain who it could be that knocked so furiously, for the blows were often repeated. So then, by the slow method of letter by letter, he made out the name Jam@Mic, and then gave it up in despair, as he said it was a mischievous imp that was sporting with us but the knocks still con-tinued, and some one suggested that perhaps this strange Dame was foreign, and that his own language would please the incensed spirit botter than English. Accord-ingly, he was addressed by the assembled circle severally in French, Gerinan, Hebrew, and Latin, all in vain when 1 bethought me of Greek and the Pythagoreans and spoke out su .Ta~Kccs Art thou Iamblieus? -on which, as if with joy at having been discovered, there waa a rush of noises and knocks all round the room my perfervid imagination faucied the flapping of wings , and immediately after there ensued a dead silence 1 So we soon broke up and went home. Open-ing my classical dictionary at Iamblicus, 1 read what 1 certainly had not seen or thought of for more than thirty years, that he was an author on thé mysteries of the Egyptians, and was bracketed with Porphyry as a professer of the @Maok art. Was then this un. pleasant visitor to Fitzroy Square no other than that magician redivivus ? An awkward possibility.. And now to bring these scattered réminiscences to a practical conclusion. What can I, what can my readers décidé, on a rational considération of the whole matter@ It is, no doubt, very ba@nling to judge how rightiy to think about it. 1 have stated a few facts that have come. under my own personal knowledgo but thore are thousands of others similar and oven more extraordinary, whioh numerous persons quite as crédible as 1 am can' vouoh for in like manner to bo true facts while remain-ing unexplained miracles. For myself, I must suspend judgment waiting to see what in thèse wonderful times -some further development of electricity, for example, may haply produce for us. After recent marvels of the telephone, microphone, photophone, and I know not what others, why should not some Edison or Lane Fox stumble upon a form of psychic force emanating from our personal nervous organisation, and capable of operat-ing physically on' all things round us, the immaterial conquering the material it pervades ? 1 Some such vague theory as to spiritualistic manifestations may be a far more rational as well as pleasing explauation of thèse modern marvels than to suppose that our dead friends come at any medium's summons to move tables, talk bad grammar, and play accordions or that angels, good and evil, are allowed to'be employed in mystifying or terrifying the frivolous assisters at a @séance@. Beyond and after this, I might add, but for its too great lengtb, the indisputable testimony of certain friends of mine as to inexplicable writings on locked slates and paper, the revelation of secrets, nay visible apparitions, and both records of the secret .past and révélations of thé still more secret future afterwards ful@nlled,-to all whioh I cannot, as an honest man and a believer in human evidence, refuse to give a distinct testimony, even though conjurors perpotually baffle our confused@judgment. In this connection I will extract from one of my Archive-books the curious story of a mysterious koy in whioh my family are still interested for thé secret is not yet solved. In the fourteenth volume, then, of my Archives ocoura this long note, aooompanied by thé drawing whioh 1 made years ago of the weird-looking key with a loose ring handle, a threefold staircase body, and a strangely ringed column. My father died in his sleep, December 8, 18@~, at Southwick House, in Windsor Park, on the same night after Its owner, Lord Limerick, had also died there in his arma, my father having been his medical friend for thirty yeara. My father used to carry in his pocket a strange key, whereof the figure was vèry unusual, as it folded up, and though large he carried it in his pocket habitually and ho used to say in his quietly humorous and reserved manner, 'under thitt key lies a fortune ' my mother and I and others remember this well. When 1 came to be executor, there was nearly nothing to guide me as to the amount of my father's property,-and 1 certainly did not sucoeed iu realising all that he was supposed to have acquired. It was wonderful that with his large income he left so little.. So, wo all thought that some hoard locked by this key contained the missing treasure my father's habituai taoitu@mity. and secretiveness favouring this idea. But, nowhere could the lock to fit it be found nowhere either at banks or lawyers or anywhere about our old house in Burlington Street or at Albury, ap-peared thé chest or cupboard containing the fanoied accumulations and to this hour, June 12, 18~3, nearly thirty years after my father'a audden death, bas thé mystery not been cleared up. Once, on an occasion of a spiritualistio @@@~Mce@ at Mr. Carter Hall's, I handod the said key ,to Mr. Home when entranoed, and ho sbuddered at it, and uttered the name 'Elizaboth Hendërson,@@whioh 1 thought at the time a bad guess, as one utterly unknown to me but oddly enough it' 1 proved to be the name of the Queen's housekeeper at Windsor. However, on inquiry nothing further came of this, for she was not in office when my father died at the Park. To-day I have taken the key to a Miss Hudson, a clairvoyante, who never saw me before, nor was told my Dame, nor my errand, except that I laid that key silently before her. She can tell me very little, except that the mystery is soon to be cleared up, and that certain spirits from description possibly my mother and brother William much wish it. I gave no sort of clues, but the medium guessed at my father's character, and at the long lapse of time since the losa of the chest, and at the hiding of it in some 'bank,@ whether underground or at a banker's did not appear. The medium's 'attendant spirit'-one 'Daisy,@an Indian papoose'- says it is 'in a dark place, like a vault, and .mouldy.' 1 am urged to inquire further. Miss Hudson, a common-looking but respectable woman of about thirty,-@iving in a lodging near Bloomsbury Square,-utterly ignorant who I was and all about me, -said in her spirit voice that 1 was a writer of books, and did gréât good, and was inspired by two spirits, one of the fair and lively sort all in white, and thé other an old philosopher-a strange guess at my mixed mediey of writings. Miss Hudson promised me that I should soon know the secret of the key, because the spirits wiéhed it, and because there was a blue magnetic circle round the key. @@@F.@@It is only proper to state that up to this pré-sent writing, January 13, 1886, 1 have heard nothing@at all from the spirits aforesaid, and that the family key ia as mysterious as ever. My own reaàonable explanatiion of the medium's haïf true guesses is that she might have read my own dim thoughts about the matter naturally I would think of my dead mother and brother and myself and thought-reading is a form of animal magnetism which some people possess more than others. Of late, as we all know, Mr. Cumberland and others have exhibited their mysterious powers of perceiving and expounding the secret thoughts of those who chose to be thus mentally vivisected and I myself have this sma@U expérience to record. Asked in a drawing-room to 'think of something, the hostess answered my thought by 1 don't know what it means, but there's a great .b deal of green with a white star going round and round in it. Quito true, was my reply, 1 was thinking of Ewhurst windmill. In my ahonymous prophetic ode, Things to Come Bosworth, 1852, long out of print , at its eleventh section, thought-reading and other like metaphysicais are strangely anticipated, ending with-@Into some other wicked man'a mind BHs foolish brother is peeping to @Rnd, Caught.in foui éaoitement's snare, Thé Lying Future there t .EvjEB since Schiller wrote his ~amous song about a poet's heritage ay, aud long before that, as it will be long years hence , authorship lias been noted for anything rather than wealth albeit, nowadays, we hâve had such fortunate scribes as Dickens and Thackeray and Trollope, who severally have left piles of well-earned money behind them though they all had encountered previous mischances before. Aocordingly, in this true record of my life, I must not omit it~ reverses, for, though born with a silver spoon in my moùth perhaps a bismuth one, such as in my chenucal days 1 melted in hôt, tea , and always having had plentiful surroundings, there has been often much aiso of financial embarrassment, though not always nor usually from the author's fault. 1 am uot going to accuse others any more than myself, only hinting that it bas been costly to be a sieeping-partner, especially when the chief fails that it is discouraging to economic thrift when the investmenta wherein you place your savings corne to an untimely end that in particular the Albert Life Insurance was a notorious swindie, wherein more than twenty years' of banked-up prudent earnings, besides the original policy, vanished in an hour that my early efforts to win forttuie wëre CHAPTER XLV. FICELE FORTUNE. stumped from impediment of speech and that some of those on whom I depended, as well as others dépendent on me, met with misfortunes, deaerved or undeserved. Anyhow, 1 have just now no reason to complain of bursting barns or inflated money-bags. Everybody knows so 1 need not blink it that some time ago a few friends kindiy got up a so-called testimonial for my benefit but that sort of thing had been over-done in other instances and it is small wonder that although certainly not quite such a fiasco as with Ginx's Baby the trouble and care and humiliation are scarcely compénsated i~here the costs and defaults are considerable however, 1 desire heartily to thank its promotera and contributors, one and all even those who promised but never paid. With reference to other efforts, my two Transatlantio visits, and divers reading tours at home, show that self-help never was neglected, as, indeed, former pages will have proved. Accprdingly, as Providence helps those who help themselves, or at aJl events endeavour to do so, 1 still lean on thé heraldic motto. given to -Général Volkmar von Tophere by B,enri Quatre, ,L'es-poir est ma force. I will here add two American anecdotes whereby it might seem that heretofore 1 have unwittingly jilted Fortune when she would have bleat me with her favour. 1 had just landed in New York after a stormy fort-night in thé @Asia@ it was A.D. 18~1 and taken up my quartera at thé Astor House, to rest before friends found me out. But my arrivai had been published, and before, in private, 1 had taken my first refreshment, the host, a colonel of course, came and asked if I would allow a few of my admirers to greet me. Doubtiess, ao natural vanity was willing, and through my room, having doors right and left, forthwith came a stream of well-wishers all shaking hands and saying kind words for an hour and more at last they departed, all but one, who had come first and boldly had taken a chair beside me when the crowd were gone, he bluntly or let it be frankly said, l'm one of the richest men. in New York, sir, and I know authors must be poor I like your books, and have told my bankers naming them to honour any cheques on me you may like to draw. My dear sir, I replied, you are most considerate, and all 1 can say is, if I have the misfortune to lose this packet it was a roll of He@@mes's circular notes I shall gladiy accept@your o@ner but just nowl hâve more than I want-~300. 'Well then, sir, come and stay at my house, Fifth Avenue. This is very kind, but several friends here have specially invited me, so I am com-pelled to decline. Then, s!r, rny yacht in the harbour is at your service. Pardon me,-but I would rather forget all memories of the sea at présent,-with'due thanks. Thon, sir, my carriage bas been waiting at the hôtel all this time, let me have thé honour of taking you.to see Mrs. So-and-so, who is anxious to rneot you. Of course I could not refuse this, nor the occasionàl loan ,of his handsome turn-out whenever other @@iends let me go. Who knows how nearly 1 then missed smiles from the blind goddess, by rny sturdy refusai of her favôurs, for 1 heard afterwards that the wealthy Mr. was childiess t Again, at Baltirnore, a.fter rny Historical dinner see a former page , cornes up to rne a very shabby-lôoking man, as 1 thought to beg. He sidied up and whispered that ho wanted me to go home with him. l'm afraid I rather snubbed 1 him but was sorry for it afterwards, when told that he was the rich old miser So-and-so, who had never taken a fancy to any one before. What a doit 1 must have been to snub away the possible codicil of a mi@Uionaire'! On page 3 of this book I proposed no mention of private domesticities or of personal religious experiences -the one being of@interest merely to my family, the other a matter between God and the soul. However, the recent sudden death of one for fifty years my faithful friend and companion in marriage, urges me to record here simply her many excellent qualities, which must not be passed by without a regretful word as if I were a Stoic, or as if my dear good wife of half a century could be silently forgotten by her bereaved husband and chil-dren. I began this biography when she was in her usual health and spirits, but soon after its commencement a fit of apoplexy took her unconsciously from our happy circle,-and@ve are made to feel by@this a@@Siotion, as also by another over leaf, how truly in the midst of life we are in death. Her body awaite the Resurrection in Albury Churchyard, and her spirit lives with us in aRee-tionate remembrance. DE BEAUVOIR CHANOERY SUIT AND BELGRAVIA. M? lamented son, Henry de Beauvoir, active and athletic, was killed in South Africa by the most un-likely accident of being jolted o@n the front seat in a rutty road and crushed to death under the wheel of an ox-waggon creeping at two miles an hour 1 This sad event occurred on May 31, i8~t and thé news-papers at thé time, both British and South African, fully recorded not only the accident but the heroism of thé brave youth, the kind but unavailing assiduities of friends, and the municipal honours accorded to him at his funeral, when the mayor and council, the volun-teers and chief inhabitants of King William's Town every window shuttered followed him to the grave, where Archdeacon Kitton read the solemn service and some months after, a marble headstone was placed over his rema@ms. His two, brothers have written some touching stanzas to his memory but they are private. I mention all this sadnesa now by way of publicly acknowledging the kindness of Archdeacon Kitton and, other friends at King William's Town, not fqrgetting a most friendly officer of the American navy, from whom we have received many excellent letters and présents from ail round the world, ever since he was among thé @Qrst to break to us the death o~ my son, now @Ëfteen-years ago 1 désire, then,' cordially to thank T. G. for these CHAPTER XLVI. kindnesses as also Mr. Robertson, of Brechin, N.B., whose son was Henry's African comrade, with him at the time of the catastrophe, and following him to the grave. Henry having been for good ancestral reasons chris-tened de Beauvoir, remiuds me of a memorable matter of our family history which, as it is on record, 1 will, here relate. In the days of King James I. to quote with pedantic omissions from a pedigree , one Peter de Beau-voir, descended from a younger branch of the ducal house of Rutland, had an eldest son, James, whose daughter Rachel married Pierre Martin my spiritual sponsor after Martin Luther , and her daughter married a Carey of Guernsey, whose descendant married my grandfather. Peter's second son, Richard, married a Priaulx, also related to us, and her daughter married a Benyon, in Charles II.'s time, whose descendant is now the mil-lionaire, Sir Richard Benyon de Beauvoir of Reading, o. o. Now, this is thé strange fact which bas always puzzled me as well as others. The old De Beauvoir was a very thrifty miser, and died two hundred years ago possessed of great wealth, which bas increased enor-mousiy up to our day, seeing he bad landed property in the north of London,. now including De Beauvoir l'own. In the second generation, bis grand-daughters Rachel Martin of the elder branch and Marie Priaulx of the younger, contended at law for the inheritance after some intestacy and a terrible lawsuit raged in Ohancery for 150 years, between thé Tuppers and thé Benyons,-and was carried even to the House of Lords, being finally decided in my memory for the Benyons. 1 remember my unole saying he would not take thirty thousand pounds for his individual ohanoet'-but my lésa sanguine father carod not to join in the lawsuit,-saying he wo@ùM not throw good money after bad. For my own judgment, and I can speak as an old conveyancing barrister though without business or expérience of nearly fifty years' standing, our side as the elder had the best right, though the two sisters might well and wisely@have shared in a compromise. But@somehow@it came to be decided that the younger claimant of that vast property must bave @all@,-and the elder be atrangely left out in the cold. After the conclusion of the Lords, further litigation was hopeless so those whom I now represent as almost the last of the Abruzzi must acquiesce in getting nothing, while the opponent side bas the good luck to possess, as Dr. Johnson has it, wealth beyond the dreams of avarice. Such is life,-and law the most obstinate and the riohest win the less pertina-cious and the poorer are allowed to fail it is a process of Darwin's survival of the fittest. Ail this is now too late to mend but 1 do hope that if ever 1 go to Engelfield Castle, Sir Richard will be kindly and genial to his far-off cousin, who but for some legal qui@bMe unknown might have dispossessed him. My father numbered among bis patients the Duke of Rutland, and 1 have heard him say that they half-humorously called each other cousins. A LOST CHANCE IN BBMBAVIA. In this connection of possible good luck .that nevor happened, let me record this. Another of my father's patients was thé long deceased Earl Grosvenor, grandfather of the present Duke of 'Westminster and about him 1 bave a tale to tell, which shows how nèarly we might have been possessed of, another vast property-but wo missed it. One day in my boyhood, 1 remember my father coming,home after his round and telling my mother that he had a gréât mind to buy thé five @Ëeids of Lord Grosvenor's, beoause he thought London might extend that way. Those five fields are now covered with the palatial streets of Belgravia,-but were then a dismal marshy @Bat intersected by black ditches, and notorious for high-way robbery, as a district dimly lit with an oil lamp here and there, and protected by nothing but the useless old watchman in his box it is the tract of land between Grosvenor Place and Sloane Street. His lordship had a reputation for parsimony, and he fancied it a bargain if he could sell to my father those squalid fields for ~2000,-so he offered them to him at that price. When my mother heard of this, she was dead against so extravagant an outlay for that desolate région so much dreaded by her whenever her aunt's black horses in the old family coach ploughed their way through the slush MacAdam had not then arisen to givô us granite roads to ca@U on an ancient relative, Mr. Hall, who possessed a priceless cupboard of old Chelsea@~hina, and lived near the hospital. A tradition existed that the said family waggon had once been stopped thereabouts by some vizored knight of the road, and this memory con@nrmed my mother's disapproval of tbe,purchase. So my father was dissuaded, and declined thé Earl's offer. 1 don't suppose that if he had accepted it the property would long hâve bëen his, but must have changed banda directly he bad doubled his investment otherwiae, imagine what a bargain waa there t-However, nobody can foresee anything beyond au inch or a minute, and so this other chance of weaith beyond the dreams of avarice long ag@bfaded away. CH-APTE@BXLVII. FLTINO. A LECTURE which I gave at the Royal Aquarium on September 28, 188.3, on the Art of Human Flight, at-tracted at thé time a good deal of newspaper notice my friend Colonel Fred. Burnaby being in the chair, supported by several other aeronautical notables. From a rough copy by me I have thought 6t. to proserve the exordium hère, just as spoken. 'Tis sixty years since,@@aa the title-page to Waver-ley bas it,@@tis sixty yeara since a little ChaTterbouso sohoolboy of thirteen called on one Saturday afternoon his half-holiday at. a shabby o@@mce up a court in Fleet Street, with a few saved-up afiillings of pocket-money in his hand. His object was secretly to bribe a balloon agent to give him a seat in the basket on the hext @night from Vauxhall ho-~ever as, either from pruden-tial humanity or commercial greed, thé clerk stated that five pounds was the @nxed price for a place, and as thé aforesaid little gentleman oould only produce ton shil-lings, the negotiation came to nothing,@and I, who had coveted froni my cradle the privilège that a bird enjoys from his nest, waa fortunately refused that juvénile voyage in the clouds whereof when 1 told my ex-cellent mother, her tearfull joy that 1 had @@Mt@ made the perilous ascent a@neotionately consoled my disappoint-ment. So it is that@ as often happons throughout life, and 1 am a living proof of it, our Failures prove to be the best Successes for certainly' if my boyish whim had been granted, and 1 had thereafter taken habitually to suoh aeronautical flights, at once perilous and unsettling, that young Carthusian would aoarcely hâve stood before you this day as an ancient Proverbial Philosopher. However, let that pass 1 only acted-as oftentimes 1 since have longed to act-on the dasire we a@l feel to have thé wings of a dove, and fly away and be at rest,@@@noating afar from the drosa and dust of earth into the blue expanse of the heavenly other -a thing yet to be acoomplished -or I will confess to be no pro-phet in thèse days of electricity, concentrated and accumulative after thé fashion of M. Faure, aided per-haps by some lighter gas, some condensed form of tamed dynamite,-thèse elevating and motive powers being helped@by@exquisite mechanism either as attached to t~o human form if the @nier be an athlete or quickening a vehicle with @napping wings impelled by electricity, in which he inight sit if said flier is as burdened with too solid flesh as some of us -thèse mixed potencies, 1 say, of eleotrioity and gas, ought at this time of thé day to be so manipulated by our chemists and mechanicians as to' issue-very soon too-in the grand invention than would supersede every other sort of locomotion,-human@@Hight. I once met at Baltimore, and since eise~here, a olever young, American mathematician and engineer, Henry Middleton by name, who ahowed me, at his father's place in South Oarolina, parts of a model energised 1 by the motive-powers of gas and electricity, whioh he hoped would suocessfuJIy solve the problem of @nying but the Patent Office at Washington was burnt down soon after, and in it I fear was his machine. At all events 1 have heard nothiug of his project since. I may mention, too, that I believe 1 have among my audience this evening Mr. De Lisle Hay, the author not only of that recent very graphie book Brighter@Britain, but also of another, more cognate to our present topic, entitled Three Hundred Years Hence, now out of@print, though published only three years ago. In this latter work he has a chapter on Our Conquest of the Air, and imagines a @Hghter gas called by him lucegene, as also a bird-like human flight very much as I had con-ceived it forty-one years ago. He tells me also that the best vehicle for @nying might be an imitation of the side-long action of a flat fish in water but how far ho bas worked upon this idea I know not.' Possibly, if in the room, he may tell us after I release you. It is most worthy of notice, that in the almost solitary Bib@Hcal instance of winged angels see Isaiah vi. 2, and a corresponding passage in Ezëkiel-aII other angelio ministers being represented as etherealised mon thèse are somewhat like birds in outline, though having more wings.-with twain covering the head so as to, cleave the air, with twain to cover the feet so as to be a sort of tail or rudder, while with twain they did fly even as Blake, and Raffaelle, and some other paintërs have depicted them. I mentioned this once to Professer Owen, our great natural philosopher, in a talk 1 had with him on human flight, and he thought suoh seraphim very remarkable in the light of analogous comparative anatomy. Ovid also in a passage before me advocates our imita-tion of birds if we would fly bodily @m his De Icari Casu, he says with omissions -@Naturamque novat nam ponit in ordine pennas A minirna. coeptas, longam breviore sequenti@@@@ Sic imitentur aves geminas libravit in alaa Ipse suum corpus, motâque pependit in aura. Which, being interpreted, means this,-@Nature he reproduoes, ranging @Bne From least to longest feathery plumes aline, Thus imitating birds, that on the air With balanced wings are poised in lightness there. Whilst our noble Laureate in Looksiey Hall goes in for aerial machines, Argosies of magie salis, and 'airy navies grappling in the central blue, As to that essay of mine published in the first number of Ainsworth's Magazine, August 1842, long before the Patent Aerial Company started their projects, and very much noticed at the time,-Mr. Claude Hamilton in--grafted it in his work on Flying 'the Duke of Argyll in a note before me commends this principle of copying nature as the true one a Signor Ignazio of Milan in 1877 adopted almost exactiy my Flyi~ig Man,-which was for the lecture enlarged from Oruikshank's etching of my own sketch an aerial flapping machine, a sort of @nying wheelbarrow, was some twenty years ago exhibited at Eenaington whilst in the @Daily Telegraph@ for July 10, 1874, you will find recorded the untimely death of one M. de Groof, the Flying Man, who unhappily perished at Cremorne after a sucoessfû! llight of 5000 feet. A@U thèse are on record. 1 EXTRAOT FROM PROVERBIAL PHILOSOPHT Series iv. p. 37~ . yO o!m~Mj. All of us have within us the wandering Orusoe spirit We come of Norse sea-rovers, and adventurers full of hope And man was bade to tame his earth, to rule it and subdue it,-Whereby our feet-solea tingle at an untrod Alpine peak-But shall we not fly anon with wings, to shame thèse creep-ing paces, Even as steam hath worked ail speed on land and sea before 1 Is not this firmament of air part of the human heritage, Whioh man must conquer duteously, as @nrst his Maker willed 1 There needéth, but a lighter gas, well-tutored to our skill, The springing spirit to some shape of delicate steel and silk,-A bird-like frame of Doedalus, and gummed Icarian plumes, Ancient inventions, long forgotten, to be found anew 1 When shall the chemist mix aright this rarer lifting essence To make the lord of earth but equal to his many sparrows f When will discovery help us to such.conquest of the air, And teach us swifter travel than our creeps by land and water? And finally from my Three Hundred Sonnets hear Sonnet No. 189.-~M-Throw me from this tall oli@a,-my wings are strong, The hurricane is raging fierce and high, My@spirit@pahts,@and@all@in@heat@@llong s To fly right upward to a purer sky, And spurn the olouds beneath me rolling by Lo thus, into the buoyant air I leap Con@Bdent ahd exulting, at a bound Swifter than whirlwinds happily to aweep On @6ery wing the reeling world around Off with my fetters -who sha@U hold me baok f My path lies there.-tho lightning's sudden traok O'er the blue oonoavo pf.the fathomlesa deep,-0 that 1 thus could oonquer epaoe and time, Soaring above this world in strength sublime 1 CHAPTER XLVIII. LUTHER. 1 GAVE a second lecture, one on Luther, at the same place, and on the like solicitation of Mr. Le Fevre, Président of the Balloon Sooiety the date being November 9, 1883. Of this lecture, not to be tedious, 1 will here give only the peroration. And now, in conclusion, let us answer thèse reason-able questions What has Martin Luther done and su@nered tbat we at this distant interval of four centuries should reverence his memory with gratitude and ad-miration ? What was the lifewôrk he was raised up to do, and bow did ho do it ? and what influence have his labours of old on thé times in which we live?-We must remember that in the sixteenth century priest-craf~ bad culminated to its rankest height of fraud, cruelty, vice, and superstition the lay-folk everywhere were its serfs and victims, not to mention also numbers of the worthier clerios who hated but could, not break their bonds. Luther was the solitary champion to head and lead both the remonstrant layman and the botter sort of monk up to the thon well-nigh forlorn hope of oombating Antiohrist in his stronghold Luther broke those chains for ever o@~,the neoks@~f groaning nations,. -freeing to this day from that bitter bondage not alone Germany, Sweden, France, and England, but thé very ends of the earth from America to China with-out the energies of Luther nearly four hundred years ago, and the living spirit of Luther working in us now, we should be still in our own persons adding to the Book of Martyrs in the flames of the Inquisition, still immersed in blankest ignorance, with the Bible every-where forbidden, and soienti@no research condemned, still cringing slaves at the feet of confessors who fraudu-lently sell absolution for money, still both spiritually and politically thé mean vassals of an Italian priest instead of brave freemen under our English Queen. Luther relit the well-nigh@ extinguished lamp of true religion, and'it shines for him all thé more gloriously to this hour Luther refreshed the gospel sait that had thrôugh corruption lost its savour, until now it is more antiseptic than ever as the cure of evil, more purifying than ever as the quickener of good Luther, under God's good grâce and providence, has rescued the con-.science and reason of our whole race from the thrald'om of self-elected spiritual despots, who worked upon the superstitious fears ôf mon as t6 another~worid in order to strengthen their own power in this Luther, for the resuit of his great labours, is more to us now thàn ever was the fabulous Hercules of old,-for he has cleansed the real Augoean stable,@more than any mythiçal William Tell,-for he bas ensured the boon of ever-lasting liberty, more to us than a whole army Qf so-called heroes in conquest, patriotism, or even local philanthrôpy.-for the enemies he fought and van-quishod were our spiritual foes.-the country hé opened to us is thé heaveuly one@@.he good-doing@ he inaugurated is wide as the world, and shines an electric universal threefold light of faith, hope, and charity. H~Mftt by requ@at, for ot '-XMttJfe t a w M 'M 'y j A M -A. The Reverend E. Bullinger set thia to excellent music and it was trans@~tod for Oontinenta.1 use into German, French, Swedisb, and Hungarian in thé same mètre. As quite a cognate subjeot hère shall be added my ballad on Wyoli@Rë, aiso written by request .Zt~ Martin Luther deathless name, Noblest on thé soroll of Famé, Solitaiy monk,-that shook, Ail the world by God's own book, Antichrist's Davidian foe, Strong to lay Goliath low, Thee, in thy four-hundredth year, CHadIy we remember here. How, without thy foroefui mind, Now had fared ail human kind,-Curst and sooroh'd and ehain'd by Rome, In eaoh heart of hearth and home 1 But for thee, and thy grand hour, German light, and British power, With Columbia's faith and hope, Ail were orush'd beneath the Pope t God be thank'd for this bright morn,. Whèn Eisleben's babe was born 1 For the pious peasant's son, Liberty's gréât flght hath won,-When at Wittenberg he etood All alone for God aud good, And hia Bible flew unfurl'd, Flag of freedom to the worid Distant beaoon on the night Full five centuries ago,-Harbinger of Luther's light, Now four hundred years aglow,-Priest of Lutterworth we see A@U of Luther-worth in'thee 1 Lo, the wondrôus parallel,-Both gave Bibles to their land While, the rage of Rome to quell, Princes stood on either hand, John of Gaunt, and Saxon John, Cheered oach bold oonfessor on. Both are resoners of souls, Cleansing those Augoean styes-Superstition's hiding holes, Nunneries and monkeries Both gave liberty to men, Bearding lions in their den t 'Wyoli@në, Luther@ glorious pair, Great Twin Brethren of mankind Conscience was your guide and oare, Puriiying@heart@and@mind, Both before your judges stood, @Hère I stand,, for God and good.' Eaoh had liv'd a martyr's lifo, Still protesting for the faith Yet amid that fiery etrife, Eaoh esoap'd the martyr's death Resoùed from the fangs of Rome, Both died peacefullyat home. CHAPTE@BXLIX. FINAL, A FEW last words as to sundry life-experiences. 'Whether we notice it. or not, we are guided and guarded and led on through many changes and chances to thé gates of death in a, marvellousiy predestined manner if we pray about everything, we shall see and know that, as Pope says, In spite of wrong, in erring reason's spite, One@truth@is@clear,@whatevor@is,@is@right and thé trustful assurance that the highest wisdom and meroy and power orders all things will give us comfort under whatever ciroumstances. 1 believe in prayer as thé universal panacea, philosophically as well as de-voutly and that walking with God is our highest wisdom as well as our deepest comfort. Lot no man tbink that a sick-bed Is thé best place to repent in. ,'When thé brain is olouded by bodily .ailment there is neither capacity nor@even will to mend matters a man ie at the best then tired, lazy, and dull, but if there is pain too all is worse. Listen to one of my@old sonnets, and take@it@agood@advico -@De!ayno 6iïinor, till the@hour of pain To@aeek@repentanoë! pain is absolute, 2D Exaoting all the body, all the brain, Humanity's stern king from head tQ foot How oanst thou pray, while fever'd arrows shoot Through this torn targe,-while every bone doth aohe, And the soared mind raYes up and down her oeil Restlesa, and begging rest for meroy's sako 1 Add not to death the bitter fear of hell Take pity on thy future self, poor man, While yet in strength thy timely wisdom can Wrestle to-day with sin and spare that strife Of meeting all its terrors in the van Just at the ebbing agony of life. I have great faith in first impressions of intuitive liking or disliking. Second tboughts are by no means best always nor even often. Charity sometimes tries to induce. one to think botter of such a person or such a situation than a@@ûrst feeling ahrinks from,-but it won't do for long the man or the place will continue to be distasteful. My spirit apprehends instinctively the right and the true and through life I have rélied on intui-tions which some have called a rashness, recommending colder cautions but these latter hâve seldom paid their way. A country parson was right in his diagnosis of Iscariot's character aa that of a low mean fellow aud he judged reasonably that ail the patient kindliness of One who strove to make such Hia own familiar friend was so much charity almost thrown away, except indeed as to spiritual improvement of the charitable. It is right that in a book of self.revelations, like this genuino autobiography, some spécial recognition should be made before its close of gratitude to the Great Giver of all good, and of the spiritual longings of His pénitent. Thèse feelings 1 prêter to show after the author's poetio oustom in verse. Let the first be a trilogy of unpub-lished sonnets latëly written on ~ ! jSM~ Be. i. Il We-all and ea.oh-hâve faculties, and powers Here undeveloped, lying deep within, Crush'd by the weight of ciroumstance and sin Latent, as germs conceal their hidden @nowers, Till some new clime, with genial suns and showers Give them the force consuminate life to win Even so we, poor prisoners of Time, Victims of others',evil and our own, Cannot expand in thia tempestuous clime, But full of excellences in us sown, Must wait that botter life, and there, full blown, In spiritual perfeotness sublime The prizes of our nature we shall gain, Whioh now we struggle for in vain-in vain t n. Who does not feel within him he oould be Ànything, everything, of great and good f That, give him but the chance, ho could and would Soar on the wings of triumph strong and free f And think not this is vanity, for lie, If one of Glory's hoirs, is of the band @I said that ye are gods@ !on this we stand Through the eternal ages in@nnito, 'Growing like Christ in hope and love and light As grafted into Him there shall we see, And know as we are known no hindranoe then Shall bind our wings, or shùt our eyes or ears Led upward, onward, through tep million yea@m, We shall expand in spirit,-but ati@H be Men. s in. Eaoh hath his specîalty we see in aome Music or painting, eloquence or skill, With, or without, an effort of the will, As by spontaneous inspiration come Ev'n in this mingled orowd of good and ill, To make us hail a Wonder -but Eisewhere Without or let or hindrance we shall use Forces negleoted hère, but nurtured there Till ail the 'powers of every classio Muse, Ninefold, may dwell in each-as eaoh may choose Since Heaven for créatures must have creature gifts, Not only love, religion, gratitude, But also light, and every force that lifts Man's spirit to the heights of Great and Good. For a second take my recent open protest against the pestilential atheiam so rife in our m!dst @I. My Father@ everpresent, everwise, and overkind,-The Life that pulses at my heart, the Light within my mind,-My Maker, Guardian, Guide, and God, my never-failing Friend, Who hitherto hast blest me, and wilt bless me to the end,-How should I not aoknowledge Thee in ail my words and ways, And bring my doubts to Thee in prayer, the prayer that turns to praise ? 1 How can I oeaee to trust Thee, who hast guided me so long, And been from earliest ohildhood to old age my strength and aong ? 9 il. My Father@ Gréât Triunity@ For Thou art One in Three, The mystery of mysteries, a threefold joy to me,-What deep delight to dwell upon@the philosophic plan Of Thy divine self-saorifioe in God boooming man, And taking on Thyself in Christ the sins and woea of all Redeemed to higher glory from the ruin of their fall, As humbled and enlightened and enlivened into love, By the Pure Spirit of sweet peaoé, the-fieart-indwelling Dove@ @@@1 My Father, Abba, Father t For Thou callest me Thy ohild, As in Thy holy Jesus and Good Spirit reoonoiled,-0 Fatiter, in this evil day when atheism is found Dropping its poison seeds about in'all our fallow-ground, Shall I keep coward silence, and ungenerously forget The Friend that hitherto hath helped me-and sha@U help me yet? 7 Shall unbelief, all unabashed, proclaim that God is Not,-Nor faith with honest zeal be quick this hideous lie to blot 1 IV. Ho! Christian soldier.-to the front! 1 and boldly speak aloud Thé dear old t@mthe denied by.yonder Sadducean @rowd,-That every inch and every instant we are guided well By Him who made, and loved, and loves us more than tongue can tell That, though there be dread mysteries of cruelty and crime, .And marvellous long-suffering patience with these wrongs of time, Still, wait a little longer, and we soon shall know the cause For every seeming errbr in the Ruler's righteous laws@ v. A little longer, and our fâith and hope,and works of love Shall reap muni@Boent reward in. those blest orba above, Where He who being God of old beoamo our brother here Shall weloomo us and speed us on@ from glorious sphère to sphère, Until before His Father'9 throne the.Spirit with the Son Shall give to evèry Ohriatiah then the crown hia Lord hath won And through the ages ih ail worids our wondrous ransomed race Sha@U bless thé Universal King of Providenoo and Qraoei For a third, my testimony as to the wonders that surround us 1 have called this poem The Infinities@@@. Lift up your eyes to yon star-jewelled aky, Gaze on that firmament caverned on high,-Marvellous universe, infinite space, Studded with suna in @nxt order and place, Eaoh with its system of planets unseen, Meshed in their orbits by comets between, Worids that are vastèr than mind may believe@ Whirling more swiftly than thought can conceive, 0 ye immensities 1 Who shall declare The glory of God in His galaxies there 1 H. Look too on this poor planet of ourS@ Torn by the storms of mysterious powers, Evil contending with good from ita birth, Wrenching in battle the heartstrings of earth,-Ah 1 what infinities circle us hère, Strangeness and wonderment swathing the sphère t, Providence ruleth with care most minute, Yet is fell cruelty torturing the mute, Infinite marvels of wrong and of right, Blessing and blasting each day and each night. @@m. A@U things in mystery riddles unread i Nothing@but@dimness@of@gnesses@instead Oniy begirining, where none see the end, Nor where thesa. infinite énergies tend Saving that ohrysalis-oreaturea are we, Till we grow wings in that oeon-to-be 1 Everything@in@nnite Nature, and Art, The sohemes of man's mind, and the throbs of his heart, Infinite orayings for botter, and best, Temperod@by@in@nnite@longing@Bfor@rest. IV. Then, as the teleacope'a miracle drew Infinite Heaven's vast worida into view, So doth the miorosoope's marvel display Infinite atomies, wondrous as they 1 A mere drop of water, a bubble of air, Teema with perfections of littleness there Infinite wiadom in exquisite worka A@U but invisible everywhere lurks, While we confoss as in great so in small, Infinite skill in the Maker of all. v. And there be grander infinities still, Where, in Emmanuel, good haa quenoh'd ill Infinite humbleneaa, highest and @Srst, Choosing the doom of the lowest and worst Infinite pity, and patience,-how long 1 Infinite justioe, avenging all wrong, Infinite purity, wisdom, and skill, Bettering good through eaoh effort of ill, Infinite beauty and inflnite love, Shining around and beneath and above 1 And let thia simple hymn be the old man's last prayer, bridging over tho long interval of well-nigh fourscore yeara between cradle and grave with a child's @ûrst@piety -Zow M~Z~. My son, give Me thine heart 1 Yes, Àbba, Father, yes t Peifeot in goodness as Thou art, I will not give Thee less. But I am dark and dead, And need@Thy grâce to live. ¡ Father, on me Thy Spirit shed, To me that sunshine give About the much-vexed question of Eschatology and the final state of the dead, 1 hâve long since grown to thé 'happy doctrine of Eternal Hope-ultima.tely for all perhaps even siding with Burns, who as the only logical way of eliminating evil gives a chance to the puir Deil albeit thé path for some must be through thé terrible Gehenna of fire to purify, and with few stripes or many to aatisiy conscience and evoke character. As for that text in Ecolesiastes about the tree lying where it fell, commonly supposed to prove an ùnchanging state for ever,-it is obvious to ana~er that when a troe @@@M eut dôwn, its final course of useful-Thus only oan I say When Thou dost ask my love, I will return in earth's poor way Thy gift from heaven above. There is no good in me But droppeth from on high, Then quicken me with life from Thee, That I may never die. For if @lam@a son-0 grâce beyond compare@ A ohild of God, with Jesus one, In Him I stand an heir In Him I live and move, And only so oan give An@immortality-of@love, To@Thee@by@whom@I@live. Then melt this heart of stone, And grant the heart of flash, That all I am may be Thine own, Renewed to love afresh. ness only then e~MS, by being sawn up and converted into furniture muoh as when a human being's work here is finished, he is taken hence to be utilised else-where. Everlasting progress is the law of our exist-ence, whether here or eisewhere,-no stopping, far lésa annihilation. And then the character of our Maker is Love, this Love having satis@ned Justice by self-sacrifice, and nothing is more reiterated in the Psalms than that His mercy endureth for ever which cannot be true if bodies and spirits-even of the wicked-are to be condemned by Him to endless torment. Adequate punishment, and that for the wretchëd creature's own improvement, is only in accordance with the voice of reason, and the voice of inspired wisdom too for though our Lord Christ warns against a fearfui retributiou in-volved in the phrase of thé undying worm and the unquenchable fire, as He was looking over the wall of Jerusalein into Tophet and the valley of Hinnom where the offal from the thousands of saori@nees was perpetually rotting and being burned, so taking hie parable from an incident, as 'usual -He yet went and preached after death to thé spirita in prison, probably to those who were then enduring some such purgatorial punishment. After all, this sentence of King Solomon as to a fallen tree, so dften misapplied, is not one of thé higher forma of inspiration even St. Paul qualifies hia own sometimes and there are several disputable texta in Proverbs and, if taken literally for exposition, we all must admit that the felling@ of a tree is thé immédiate precursor to@its further life of usefuinoss. Let us, then, rational.ly hope that the dead in Christ will be improved from good to botter and best and that even those who hâve failed to live for Him in this worid may by some purifying éducation in the next corne finally to the happy far-off end of being saved by Him at last. The words everlasting and forever are continually used in Scripture to indicate a long time,@not neces-sarily an eteraity sea Cruden for many proo@@ . More-over, if all hope of improvement ends with thia life a doctrine in which such extremes as Atheism and Cal-vinism strangely agree , what beoomes of all the com-monest forms of humanity, its intermediate failures, too bad for a heaven, and too good fer a hell to say less of insane, idiotie, and other helpless créatures and the millions of the untaught in Christendom, who never have had a chance, and billions of the Heathen brutal-ised through the ages by birth and evil oustom ? 1 Yes for all there must be in the near hereafter continuous new chances of improvement and hopes of botter life. There is. one poem in the volume superadded to my Dramatica whioh 1 will introduce here, as it is quite a @tour de force@ in its way of double rhyming throughout, and bas, moreover, excellent moral uses so 1 wish'it read more widely. ~M~ the Voit. Myste@nes 1 crowding around us, Ho.w ye perplex and oonfound us,-Eaoh our ignorance soreening Hidden in words without meaning 1 Who knoweth aught that is certain Veil'd behind mystery's purtain? 2 Seeing the wisest of guesses Foolishness only expresses. Anoestry ? ruthlessiy moulding Bodies and soûla in unfolding How suoh a mixture confuses Judgmeht's indulgent excuses,@ While the derivative nature, Still a responsible oreature, Yieids individual merits, Biassed by what it inherits. Oiroumstance ? mighty to fashion Ipstant occasion for passion, Gripping with olutch of a bandit Weakness too weak to withstand it,-@What ? shall it mar me or make me 1 Neither, till faith shall forsake me-For, with good courage to nerve me, Ciroumstance only oan serve me t Destiny! doth it then seem so! 7 Or oan the will we esteem- so, Change the deoree at a bidding, Us of that destiny ridding,-@If with no fatalist weakness, Battling in boldnesa and meekness, We are determined to master Every defeat and disaster 1 Providence@ ordering all things, Both of the great and'tho small things, Equally eaoh of us guiding, Guarding, destroying, providing,-@Fixt, beyond human foreoasting, Both as to @Hessing and blasting,-Yet, though we darkly discern Him, Quiok'ning the prayer that may turn Him t Evil?-0 direat enigma, Whiapered and terrible stigma By foqla to thé Good One imputed, As if everlastingly rooted t How so@ aha@Û wtong to no ending Still with the Bight be oontending 1 Must not the bitterest leaven Melt in the meroy of Heaven , Or can old Baal, the sun-god, Boast there are two gods, not one god, Satan, the rebel infernal, Régent with Christ the Supernal ? î Come, blessed end, through the ages, When no more wiokedness rages, When no iniquity hinders, But sin is burnt down to its oinders 1-Cruelties ?-'somehow permitted,-With its mute viotims unpitied, Tortured in nature's dellance On the false pretext of science,-@Shall not some @mon of gladnesa, Balance the throes of pain-madness,-Muât not the crime of thé cruel Burn into souls as its fuel ? l Never oan wisdom's creation Be stulti@ned annihilation, But eyery poor unit that liveth Shall live in thé life that He giveth,-@Yea, for that @mon of glory, Rovealed in millennial story, When earth with beati@ned features, S@Mnes the new Heaven of créatures. Death ? Is it all things, or nothing ? Either the Spirit unolothing Unto new living for ever,-Or the dread penalty-neverl Death,-if thou art but thé portai, Leading to glories immprtal, Why should we tremble to near thee, How be the oowards to fear thee, Sinoe the worlds @Mazing above us, Peopled by angels who love us, Stand our fatherly mansions, Fitted for spirits' expansions 1 Where are. the dead ? and what doing ? 1 St@Ul their old tri@nes pursuing 1 Or in the trance of a slumber, Orowded by dreams without number ?-@Dreams of unspeakable sadness, Dreams of ineffable gladness,-As the quick conscience remembers Evil and good in their embers,-@As it lives over in quiet, Time and its orgies of riot, Or the good gifta and good graces, Bright'ning its happier phases,-@As it sees photograph'd olearly, Crystalised sharply and nearly, Lifo and its million transactions, Fancies and feelings and factions,-@Every prayer ever uttered, Every ourse ever muttered, A@U the man's lowest and highest,-These are thyself, when thou diest t Filling thee, after thy measure, From the full river of pleasure, Or@ as the fruit of thy sowing, Pangs of remorse ever grbwing,-@In thee ail Heaven upspringing, Or ite dread opposite @ninging Blaokness and darkness about thee,-Both are within, not without thee 1 Yot,-in that darkness, -we grope for Somewhat far off, yet to hope for, That through some future repentance, Justice may soften its sentence. Ere from the dead He had risen, 'He preached to the spirits in prison,@ Is this a text that His aid is Still to be hoped for in Hades 7 Wrath may endure for a season,' Both in religion and reason,-But if ita end must be never, 'Where is His mercy for ever' ? î Ay,-after long retribution, Mercy may drag from pollution Souls that have su@Sered for ages, Working out sin's bitter wages,-@Su that the end shall be glorious, Good over evil viotorious, And this @Naok sin-night of sorrow, Blaze into gladness to-morrow@ And so 1 make an end of this autobiography, wi h the humble prayer tbat I may hâve grâce given to finish my course in this life usefu@Uy and with honour, at peace with God and man mindful of that caution of Tellus, the Athenian, as recorded by Herodotus, nojb to judge any man happy until he is dead @the Christian adds, and is alive again t Let me conclude with some noble lines of Ovid in his Epilogue to the Métamorphoses, which I bave Bnglished@below -Jamqno opus exegi quod neo Jovia ira, neo ignes, Neo poterit ferrum@ neo edax aboiera vetustas. Oum volet illa dies, quoe nil idsi oorporis hujua Jus habet, inoerti spatium mihi @Ëniat oevi,-Parte tamen meliore mei super alta perennis Astra ferar nomenque erit indelebile nostrum. Quaque patet domitis Romana potentia terris, Ore legar populi perque omnia seooula fama Si quid habent veri vatum proesagia viVAM. Now have I done my work whioh not Jove'a ire Can make undone, nor sword nor time nor fire. Whene'er that day, whose only powers extend Against this body, my brief life shall end, Still in my better portion evermore Aboyé thé stars undying shall I soar. My name shall never die but through all time Whenever Rome shall reach a oonquer'd clime, There, in that people's tongue, shall this my page Be read and glorified from age to age @Yea, if the bodings of my spirit give True note of inspiration, 1 shall live F THE END. MUMMC BV BAt.t.AttTVfK, HAttSOt AND CO tDU MtM M AND LONDON.
[ GS_aligned] ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ LIFE AS AN AUTHOR. CHAPTER I@. PRELIMINARY. I have often been asked to prepare an autobiography, but my objections to the task have ever been many and various. To one urgent appeal I sent this sonnet of refusal, which explains itself - You bid me write the story of my life, And draw what secrets in my memory dwell From the dried fountains of her failing well, With commonplaces mixt of peace and strife, And such small facts, with good or evil rife, As happen to us all I have no tale Of thrilling force or enterprise to tell,-Nothing the blood to fire, the cheek to pale My life is in my books the record there, A truthful photograph, is ######### To give the world of self@ nor will excuse Mine own or others' failures glad to spare From blame of mine, or praise, both friends and foes, Leaving unwritten what God only knows. In fact I always rejected the proposal warned by recent volumes of pestilential reminiscences and would none of it not only from its apparent vainglory as to the inevitable extenuation of one's own faults and failures in life, and the equally certain amplification of self-registered virtues and successes,-but even still more from the mischief it might occasion from a petty record of commonplace troubles and trials, due to the changes and chances of this mortal life, to the casual mention or omission of friends or foes, to the influence of circumstances and surroundings, and to other reve@lations@-whether pleasant or the reverse-of matters merely personal, and therefore more of a private than a public character. Indeed, so disquieted was I at the possible prospect of any one getting hold of a@ mass of manuscript in old days diligently compiled by myself from year to year in several small diaries, that I have long ago ruthlessly made a holocaust of the heap of such written self-memo@ries, fearing their posthumous publication and in this connection let me now add my express protest against the printing hereafter of any of my innumerable private letters to friends, or other MSS., unless they are strictly and merely of a literary nature. Biography, where honest and true, is no doubt one of the most fascinating and instructive phases of litera@ture but it requires a higher Intelligence than@ any however intimate friend of a man to do it fairly and fully so many matters of character and circumstance must ever be to him unknown, and therefore will be by him unrecorded. And even as to autobiography, who, short of the Omniscient Himself, can take into just account the potency of outward surroundings, and still more of inborn hereditary influences, over both mind and body? the bias to good or evil, and the possession or otherwise of gifts and talents,@ due very much under Providence to one's ancient ancestors and one's modern teachers@? We are each of us morally and bodily the psychical and physical composite of a thousand generations. Albeit every individual pos@sesses as his birthright a freewill to turn either to the right or to the left, and is liable to a due responsibility for his words and actions, still the Just Judge alone can and must make allowance for the innate inclinings of heredity and the outward influences of circumstance, and He only can hold the balance between the guilt and innocence, the merit or demerit, of His creature. So far as my own will goes, I leave my inner spiritual biography to the Recording Angel, choosing only to give some recollections and memories of my outer literary life. For spiritual self-analysis in matters of religion and affection I desire to be as silent as I can be but in such a book as this absolute taciturnity on such subjects is practically impossible. For the matter,@ then, of autobiography, I decline its higher and its deeper aspects as also I wish not to obtrude on the public eye mere domesticities and priva@cies of life. But @mainly lest others less acquainted @with@ the petty incidents of my career should hereafter take up the task, I accede with all fran@kness and humility to what seems to me like a present call to duty, having little time to spare at seventy-six, so near the end of my tether,-and protesting, as I well may, against the charge of selfish egotism in a book neces@sarily spotted on every page with the insignificant letter I and while, of course on human-nature principles, willing enough to exhi@bit myself at the best, promising also @not to hide the second best, or worse than that, where I can perceive it.@ That shrewd old philosopher, Benjamin Franklin, thus excuses his own self-imposed task of autobiography, and I cannot do better than quote and adopt his wise and just remarks - In thus employing myself, I shall yield to the in@clination so natural to old men, of talking of themselves and their own actions, and I shall indulge it without being tiresome to those who, from respect to my age, might conceive themselves obliged to listen to me, since they will always be free to read me or not. And I may as well confess it, as the denial would be believed by nobody I shall, perhaps, not a little gratify my own vanity. Indeed, I never heard or saw the introductory words, 'Without vanity I may say,' c., but some vain@ thing immediately followed. Most people dislike vanity in others, whatever share they may have of it them@selves but I give it fair quarter wherever I meet with it, being persuaded that it is often productive of good to the possessor, and to others who are within his sphere of action and therefore, in many cases, it would not be altogether absurd if a man were to thank God for his _vanity_ among the other comforts of life. And now I speak of thanking God, I desire, with all humility, to acknowledge that I attribute the happi@ness of my past life to His divine providence, which led me to the means I used, and gave the success. My belief of this induces me to _hope_, though I must not _presume_, that the same goodness will still be exercised towards me in continuing that happiness or enabling me to bear a fatal reverse, which I may experience as others have done the complexion of my future fortune being known@ to Him only in whose power it is to@ bless us, even in our afflictions. Thus speaketh the honest wisdom of Benjamin Franklin. I do not see that a better plan can be chosen for carry@ing out the title of this book than the one I have adopted, namely, tracing from the earliest years to old age the author's literary life@work, illustrated by accounts of, and specimens from, his various books and writings, especially those which are absolutely out of print, or, haply have never been published. No doubt, in such excerpts, exhibited at their best, the critical accusations of unfairness, self-seeking, and so forth, will be made, and may be met by the true consideration that some@thing of this sort is inevitable in autobiography. How@ever, for the matter of vanity, all I know of myself is the fact that praise, if consciously undeserved, only de@presses me instead of elating that a noted characteristic of mine through life has been to hide away in the rear rather than rush to the front, unless, indeed, forced for@ward by duty, when I can be bold enough, if need be and that one defect in me all know to be a dislike to any assumption of dignity-surely a feeling the opposite to self-conceit whilst, if I am not true, simple, and sin@cere, I am worse than I hope I am, and all my friends are deceived in their kind judgment of me. But let this book speak for itself I trust it is honest, charitable, and rationally religious. If I have and I show it through all my writings ###### every denomination, that feeling I take to be due to some ancient heredity ingrained, or, @more truly, inburnt into my nature from sundry pre-Lutheran confessors and martyrs of old, from whom I claim to be descended, and by whose spirit I am imbued. Not but that I profess myself broad, and wide, and liberal enough for all manner of allowances to others, and so far as any narrow pre@judices may be imagined of my idiosyncrasy, I must allow myself to be changeable and uncertain-though hitherto having steered through life a fairly straight course-and that sometimes I can even doubt as to my politics, whether they should be defined Whig or Tory as to my religion, whether it is most truly chargeable by the epithet high or low as to my likings, whether I best prefer solitude or society as to literature, whether gaieties or gravities please me most. In fact, I recognise good in everything, though sometimes hidden by evil, right by intention, at least in sundry doctrines and opinions otherwise to my judgment wrong, and I am willing to believe the kindliest of my opponents who appear to be honest and earnest. This is a very fair creed for a citizen@ of the world, whose motto is Terence's famous avowal, Homo sum, humani nihil a me alienum puto. CHAPTER II. INFANCY AND SCHOOLDAYS. In a short and simple way, then, and without any desire ostentatiously to chronicle small beer, as Iago sneers it, I suppose it proper to state very briefly when and where I was born, with a word as to my parentage. July 17, 1810, was my birthday, and No. 20 Devonshire Place, Marylebone, my birthplace, at that time the last house of London northward. My father, Martin Tupper, a name ever honoured by me, was an eminent medical man, who twice refused a baronetcy first from Lord Liverpool, and secondly, as offered by the Duke of Wellington my mother, Ellin Devis Marris, being daughter of Robert Marris, a good landscape artist, of an old Li@ncolnshire family, and made the heiress, as adopted child, of her aunt, Mrs. Ellin Devis, of Devon@shire Place and Albury. My father's family have sojourned 336 years in Guernsey, having migrated thither from Thuringia, _viâ_ Hesse Cassel, owing to religious persecution in the evil days of Charles V., our remote ancestors being styled Von Topheres chieftains, or head-lords of Treffurth as is recorded in the heraldic MSS. of the British Museum , that being the origin of our name. Of my mother's family in old time Maris, as of the sea, with mermaids for heraldry , I have the commis@sions of one who was an Ironside cavalry officer, signed by Cromwell and Fairfax and several of her relatives besides her father were distinguished artists. In par@ticular, her uncle my wife's father , Arthur William Devis, the well-known historical painter, and her great-uncle, Anthony Devis, who filled Albury House with his landscapes. Some of our old German stock crossed the Atlantic in Puritan times, and many of the name have@ attained @wealth and position both in Canada and the United States notably Sir Charles Tupper northwards, and sundry rich merchants in New York, Virginia, and the Carolines southwardly. Of my infancy let me record that I enjoyed very delicate health, chiefly due, as I now judge, to the con@stant cuppings and bleedings whereby the faculty of those days combated teething fits, and perhaps with Malthusian proclivities killed off young children. I remember, too, that the broad meadows, since developed into Regent's Park and Primrose Hill, then@ truly rural, and even up to Chalk Farm, then notorious for duels, were my nursery ramblings in search of cowslips and new milk. Also, that once at least in those@ infantile days, my father took me to see Winsor's Patent Gaslights at Carlton House, and how he prognosticated the domestic failure of so perilous an explosive, more than one blowing-up having carelessly occurred. Another infantile recollection is memorable, as thus. My father's annual @holiday happened one year to be at Bognor, where a patron pati@ent of his, Lord Arran, rented a pleasant villa, and he h@ad for a visitor at the time no less a personage than George the Third it @must have been during some lucid interval, perhaps after the Great Thanksgiving at St. Paul's. My father took his little boy with him to call upon the Earl, not thinking to see the King but when we came in there was his kind-hearted Majesty, who patted my curls and gave me his blessing@! How far the mysterious efficacy of the royal touch affected my after career believers in the divine rights and spiritual powers of a king may speculate as@ they please@. At all events I got a good man's blessing. I remember also in my nursery days to have heard this curious story of a dream. My father, when a young man, was a student at Guy's Hospital, from which school of medicine he went to Yarmouth to attend the wounded after the battle of Copenhagen. He was on one occasion leaving Guernsey for Southampton in the clumsy sea@going smack of those days, when, on the night before embarking, he drea@mt@ that on his way to the harbour he crossed the churchyard and fell into an open grave. Telling this to his parents at The Pollet, they would not let him go, with a sort of superstitious wisdom for, strangely enough, the smack was seized on its voyage by a privateer, and all the crew and passengers were consigned-for twelve years-to a French prison@! I have heard my father tell this tale, and noted early how true was Dr. Watts' awkward line, On little things what great depend. I might say more about warnings in dreams and other somnolencies, whereof we all have experiences. For instance, my Dream of Ambition in Proverbial Philosophy was a real one. And this re@minds me now of another like sort of spiritual monition alluded to in my Proverbial Essay on Truth in Things False, which has several times occurred to myself, as this, for example Years ago, in Devonshire, for the first time, I was on the top of a coach passing through a town-I think it was Crediton-and I had the strange feeling that I had seen all this before now, we changed horses just on this side of a cross street, and I resolved within myself to test the truth of the place being new to me or not, by prophesying what I should see right and left as we passed to my consternation it was all as I had foreseen,-a market-place with the usual incidents. Now, if reasonably asked how to account for this and most of us have felt the like , I reply that possibly in an elevated state of health and spirits the soul may out@run the body, and literally foresee coming events both real and ideal. But we must leave this to the Psychical Society for a judgment upon the famous Horatian philo@sophy of more things in heaven and earth, c. On Mr. Galton's topic of hereditary talent I have little to report as to myself. Neither father nor mother had any leanings either towards verse or prose but my mother was an excellent pianiste and a fair landscape painter both in oils and water-colour also she drew and printed on stone, and otherwise showed that she came of an artistic family. As to my father's surroundings, his brother Peter, a consul-general in Spain, wrote a tragedy called Pelayo and I possess half-a-dozen French songs, labelled by my father in my late dear father's handwriting, but whether or not original, I cannot tell. As a Guernseyman, he might well be as much French as English. They seem to me clever and worthy of Beranger, though long before him possibly they are my grandsire's. A very fair judge of French poetry@, and himself a good Norman poet, Mr. John Sullivan of Jersey writes and tells me that the songs are excellent, and that he remembers them to have been popularly sung when he was a boy. About the matter of hereditary bias itself, we know that as with animals so with men, fortes creantur for@tibus, et bonis this so far as bodies are concerned but surely spirits are more individual, as innumerable instances prove, where children do not take after their parents. If, however, I may mention my own small ex@perience of this matter, literary talent, or at all events authorship, _is_ hereditary, especially in these days of that general epidemic, the cacoethes scribendi. I wrote this paper following originally for an American publication and as I cannot improve upon it, and it has never been printed in England, I produce it here in its integrity. A true and genuine record of what English schools of the highest class were more than sixty-five years ago cannot fail to have much to interest the present genera@tion on both sides of the Atlantic if only because we may now indulge in the self-complacency of being every@way wiser, better, and happier than our recent forebears. And in setting myself to write these early revelations, I wish at once to state that, although at times neces@sarily naming names for the too frequent use of dashes and asterisks must otherwise destroy the verisimilitude of plain truth-telling , I desire to say nothing against or for either the dead or the living beyond their just deserts, and I protest against any charge of unreason@able want of charity as to my whilom schools and schoolmasters. It is true that sometimes I loved them not, neither can I in general respect their memory but the causes of such a feeling on my part shall be made manifest anon, and I am sure that modern parents and guardians will rejoice that much of my childhood's hard experience has not been altogether that of their own boys. I was sent to school much too soon, at the early age of seven, having previously had for my home tutor a well-remembered day-teacher in little Latin and less Greek of the name of @Swallow, whom I thought a wit and a poet in those days because one @morning he pro@duced as an epitaph on himself the following effusion Beneath this stone a Swallow lies, No one laughs and no one cries Where he is gone or how he fares No one knows and no one cares. At this time of day I suspect this epigram not to be quite original, but it served to give me for the nonce a@ high opinion of the pundit who read with me Cornelius @Nepos and Caesar and some portions of that hopeless grammar, the Eton Greek, in the midst of his hard-breathing consumption of perpetual sandwiches and beer. The first school chosen for me though expensive, @there could not have been a worse@ one was a large mixed establishment for boys of all ages, from infancy to early manhood, belonging to one Rev. Dr. Morris of Egglesfield House, Brentford Butts, which I now judge to have been conducted solely with a view to the pro@prietor's pocket, without reference to the morals, happi@ness, or education of the pupils committed to his care. All I care to remember of this false priest and there were many such of old, whatever may be the case now are his cruel punishments, which passed for discipline, his careful cringing to parents, and his careless indiffer@ence towards their children, and in brief his total unfitness for the twin duties of pastor and teacher. A large private school of mixed ages and classes is perilously liable to infection from licentious youths left to them@selves and their evil propensities, and I can feelingly recollect how miserable for nearly a year was that poor little helpless innocent of seven under the unrestricted tyranny of one Cooke in after years a life convict for crime who did all he could to pollute the infant mind of the little fag delivered over to his cruelty. Cowper's Tirocinium well expresses the situation - Would you your son should be a sot or dunce, Lascivious, headstrong, or all these at once, Train him in public with a mob of boys, Childish in mischief only and in noise, Else of a mannish growth and, five in ten, For infidelity and lewdness, men. My next school was@ more of a success for Eagle House, Brookgreen, where I was from eight to eleven, had for its owner and headmaster a most worthy and excellent layman, Joseph Railton. Mr. Railton was gentle, though gigantic, fairly learned, just and kindly. His school produced, amongst others eminent, the f@amous naval author Kingston, well known from cabin-boy to admiral there was also Lord Paulet, some others of noble birth, and the two Middletons, nick-named Yankees, whom years after I visited at their ruined mansion in South Carolina after the Confederate War. @Through the personal good influence of honest Old Joe, and his middle-aged housekeeper, Mrs. Jones, our whole well-ordered company of perhaps a hundred boys lived and learned, worked and played purely, and happily together so great a social benefactor may a good school chieftain be. I have little to regret in my Brook Green recollections the annual fair was memorable with Richardson's show and Gingel's conjuring, and the walks for mild cricket@ing at Shepherd's Bush, and the occasional Sundays at home and how pleasant to a schoolboy was the generous visitor who tipped him, a good action never forgotten@ and the garden with its flowering tulip-tree, and the syringas and rose-trees jewelled with the much-prized emerald May-bugs for the whole garden was liberally thrown open to us beyond the gravelled playground all being now given@ over to monks and nuns. Then I recollect how a rarely-dark annular eclipse of the sun convulsed the whole school, bringing smoked glass to a high premium and there was a notable boy's library of amusing travels and stories, all eagerly devoured and old Phulax the house-dog, and good Mr. Whitmore an usher, who gave a certain small boy a diamond prayer-book, greatly prized then, though long since lost, and suitably inscribed for #################### and the speech days, wherein the same small boy always signalised himself, to the general astonishment, for he was usually a stammerer, owing much to the early worries of Brentford all these are agreeable reminiscences. My next school at eleven was Charterhouse, or as my schoolfellow Thackeray was wont to style it, Slaughter@@house, no doubt from the cruel tyranny of another educational D.D., the Rev. Dr. Russell. For this @man and the school he so despotically drilled into passive servility and pedantic scholarship, I have less than no reverence, for he worked so upon an over-sensitive nature to force a boy beyond his powers, as to fix for many years the infirmity of stammering, which was my affliction until past middle life. As for tuition, it must all have grown of itself by dint of private hard grinding with dictionaries and grammars, for the exercises, themes, and other lessons were notoriously difficult, and those before me would be inextricable puzzles now however, we had to do them, and we did them, unhelped by any teacher but our own i@ndustry. As for the masters in school, two more ignorant old parsons than Chapman and Bob Watki could not readily be found and though the four others, Lloyd, Dickens, Irvine, and Penny were somewhat more intelligent, still all six in the lower school were occasionally summoned to a concio, if the interpretation of any ordinary passage in Homer or Virgil or Horace was haply in dispute between a monitor and his class. In the upper school the single really excellent teacher and good clergyman, Edward Churton, had but one fault, a meek subserviency to the tyrannic Russell, who domineered over all to our universal terror and I remember kindly Mr. Churton once affected to tears at the cruelty of his chief. What should we think@ nowadays of an irate schoolmaster smashing a child's head between two books in his shoulder-of-mutton hands till the nose bled, as I once saw? Or, in these milder times when your burglar or garotter is visited with a brief whipping, what shall we judge of the wisdom or equity of some slight fault of idleness or ignorance being visited with the Reverend Doctor's terrible sentence, Allen, three rods, eighteen, and most severely ? @@Let me comment on this line, one of a sharp satire by a boy named Barnes, long since an Indian @Judge and I suppose translated Elsewhere. Allen was head-gown-boy, and so chief executioner, the three rods being some five-feet bunches of birch armed with buds as sharp as thorns, renewed after six strokes for fresh excoriation@! sometimes the exhibition was in medio, a@ public terror to evil-doers, or doers of nothing, but usually in a sort of side chapel to the lower school where the whipping-block stood. Who could tolerate such things now? and who can wonder that I, as a lad, proclaimed that I would rather die than be flogged, for I had resolved in that event to commit justifiable homicide on my flogger? @@I do not mean Allen, who became Head of Dulwich College, and with whom I have since dined, annually as donor of a picture there, but Russell, concerning whom I vowed that if ever he was made a Bishop happily he wasn't I would desert the Church of England as yet I have not, albeit it has lately become so papalised as to be little worth an honest Protestant's adherence. As to the exclusively classic education in my young days, to the resolute neglect of all other languages and sciences, I for myself have from youth upwards always protested against it as mainly waste of time a@nd of very little service in the battle of life. For proof of this, before I was eighteen, I wrote that essay on Education to be seen in my first series of Proverbial Philosophy, which long years after the celebrated Dr. Binney of the Weigh-house in Thames Street issued with my leave as a tractate useful@ to the present generation. And while there was so much fuss made as to the criminality of a false quantity in Greek, or a deficient acquaintance with those awkward verbs in @Mi, or above all a false con@cord every one of which derelictions in duty involved severe punishment , let us remember that all this time Holywell Street was suffered to infect Charterhouse with its poison I speak of long ago, before Lord Camp@bell's wholesome Act , and that our clerical tutors and governors professionally recognised no sort of sins or shortcomings but those committed in class@@! They practically ignored everything out of school, much as a captain knows nothing of his company off duty. It was the idle system of boys set to govern boys, that the masters might have no damage. I think the system was called Lancastrian. One very noticeable trait in the parson-schoolmasters of those old days and perhaps it still survives was the subserviency to rank and wealth towards any pupils likely to give them livings, whereof more anon at present, an appropriate instance occurs to me. I was in my thirteenth year monitor of the playground, when one Dillon, a scion of a titled family, hunted and killed a stray dog there, and much to their credit for humanity a number of other boys hunted and pelted _him_ into a dry ditch or vallum, dug for the leaping-pole under a Captain Clias who taught us athletics. I was technically responsible for this open insult offered to Hibernian nobility, however well disposed to look another way and let lynch-law take its course.@ Accord@ingly, the Doctor had me up for punishment, and he inflicted an almost impossible imposition, Book Epsilon of the Iliad the longest of all to be translated word for word, English and Greek, and to be given to him in MS. within a month it would have been work for a year , that or expulsion. Had Mr. Dillon been a plebeian, no notice would have been taken of the matter, but he was an honourable, so Russell must a@@venge his righteous punishment. However, the result of this outrageous set-task was curious and worthy of this its first and only record. All the seventy boys in Irvine's house and others elsewhere, volunteered to do the whole imposition for me, and within a week hundreds of pages closely written with Greek and Latin, were sewn together, making a large quarto pamphlet, which was duly handed by me to the won@dering Doctor who had, however, too much shrewd@ness to care to inquire closely as to this popular out@burst of a general indignation, so@ he said nothing more about it. For other playground reminiscences I saw, even in those tame times for cricket when overhand bowling was illegal, and the fierce artillery of a Spofforth im@possible, a poor lad killed in the field, one Honourable Henry Howard he was taken to the pump for recovery, as from a swoon, but the ball had struck him behind the ear, stone-dead. Again as to that pump it was some@times maliciously used for sousing unfortunate@ day-boys, who were allowed two minutes law out of school to enable them to escape pursuit after lessons, most un@@@justly, and injuriously, seeing that old Sutton founded his Charterhouse mainly for day-boys John Leech was one in my time and for pensioners old Cods whereof Colonel Newcome of Thackeray fame, was another but both of these charity classes were utterly despised and ignored by the reverend brigands who kept all the loaves and fishes for themselves. One remarkable playground experience was the fact that it helped to develop in me antiquarian inclina@tions, and my own discovered hunting-ground for Roman numismatics in the south of England, long after@@wards expanded in Farley Heath near Albury. At Charterhouse there was a great slope or semi-mound which had in old times been utilised as a wholesale grave for the victims of plague and other epidemics. It strikes me now as most perilous, but we boys used@ to dig and scratch among bones and other _débris_ for on occasional coin or lead token, whereof I found several it is only a wonder that we did not unearth pestilence, but mould is fortunately very antiseptic. Another playground peculiarity was that after the hoop season, usually driven in duplicate or triplicate, the hoops were stored or shied into the branching elms, from which they were again brought down by hockey-sticks flung at them a great boon to the smaller boys who thus gratuitously@ became possessed of valuable properties. And for all else, there were fights behind the school, in those pugilistic days scientifically conducted with seconds and bottleholders, and some claret drawn, and other like fashionable brutalities also in its season came football, but not quite so fiercely fought as it is now and there was Mr. Rackwitz, the man of sweets and pastries at the corner and another sort of rackets in the tennis court and for another sort of court there was then extant a bit of ruinous Gothic in old Rutland Court, a ghostly entrance from Charterhouse Square, some thought haunted, and long since cleared away. And now crossing the Square we co@me to No. 41, the Queen Anne fashioned mansion where Mr. Andrew Irvine another Reverend Master, who like all the rest, except Churton, almost never did duty, and when he did manifestly could neither read, preach, not pray had a houseful of pupils, whereof the writer was one. That long room is full of ancient memories of past and gone Carthusians, though it is now humiliated into a local charity school. I remember some humorous scenes there, chiefly owing to the master's notorious niggardliness. Andrew had some Gruyere cheese, easily accessible to the boyish plunderers of his larder. Now we had complained that our slabs of butter laid between the cut sides of the rolls often were salt and strong, so one Punsonby afterwards an earl man@aged to put a piece of highly-flavoured Gruyere into a roll, and publicly at breakfast produced it before Mr. Irvine as a proof of the bad butter provided by the un@fortunate housekeeper. He was overborne against his own convictions, by the heroic impudence of chief big boys whom he dared not offend, and actually pretended indignation, promising better butter in future@! For another small scholastic recollection Andrew's Indian brother had brought over a lot of curiosities from the East, including a rhinoceros skin, and bows and arrows, idols, and the like, all of which were carelessly stored away in a cellar near the larder aforesaid. Of course the boys made a raid upon such _spolia opima_, and divers portions of that thick hide were exhibited as Indian rubber but Andrew never knew that many other things vanished, and that for example Knighton used to walk home on Saturdays with preternaturally stiff arms, an arrow possibly poisoned being hid in each sleeve! some creeses also were appropriated by@ others. I wonder if any Carthusian of my time sur@vives as the possessor of such loot. Let me record, too, that in those evil days for I am not one who can think this@ age as pejor avis boys used to go, on their Monday mornings' return from the weekly holiday, out of their way to see the wretches hanging at Newgate that the scenes of cruelty to animals in Smithfield were terrible that books of the vilest character were circulated in the long-room and that both morality and religion were ignored by the seven clergymen who reaped fortunes by neglecting five hundred boys. If more memories are wanted of those times, here are two the planned famine on one occasion, when-under monitorial inspiration-all the juniors clamoured for more, more, seeing they had slabbed on the underside of the tables masses of bread and butter supposed to have been eaten-out and on another, that lobsters, surreptitiously obtained from out-of-bounds by the big boys were sworn in the _débris_ of their smaller claws to be pieces of sealing-wax@! and nothing else at least a reckless young aristocrat declared that they were so,-and the mean-spirited Andrew, fearful of giving offence in such high quarters, pretended to believe him. Yet another trifle for I find that@ such trivials are attractive to homeflock readers, by whose taste I feel the more public pulse, even as Rousseau did with his house@keeper. We, that is Knighton and Ellis and I, used to return on Sunday night in my father's carriage by the back way of Clerkenwell to Charterhouse in order to avoid the crowds of cattle and I well@ remember that some@times we would utilise apples and nuts from the dessert as missiles from our carriage window as we sped along. Alas! on one occasion Knighton was skilful enough to smash a@ chemist's blue bottle with an apple,-and on another I am aware that an oil lamp in Carthusian Street succumbed to my only too-true cockshy Et hoc meminisse ############### incident was amusing in its way. Poor Mr. Irvine who was going to be married mended up a very much smashed greenhouse to greet his bride thereby with floral joy. Unluckily, the boys preferred broken panes to whole ones, so nothing was easier than by flinging brickbats and even mugs over the laundry wall to revel in the sweet sound of smashed glass moreover this would go to evidence the popular animosity against a wretched bridegroom. Then, when he reappeared after some temporary absence before the wedding, it was after this ridiculous fashion. There was a wooden staircase screened off one side of the long-room down which he would occasionally creep to listen at the door at bottom to the tattle of the boys about him. He was heard creaking downstairs, and some active young fellow by a round-about byway managed to steal down behind and suddenly pushed him by the burst open door, spread-eagle fashion, into the laughing long-room@! The poor victim pretended it was an acci@dent, Ye see, Mr. Yates, I was coming down the stair, and me foot slipped. It seems that the luckless Andrew was coming, so he averred, expressly to expostulate with the boys, to throw himself on their generosity for a subscription towards his ruined greenhouse, and to ask Messrs. Punsonby, Yates, Co. to promote it. This they promised to do, and did after an original fashion. Several pounds worth of pence and half-pence were dis@tributed through the house, so that when Andrew with his traitorous aides went round to collect monies, it miraculously happened to be all coppers, unrelieved by a single sparkle of silver or gold. On which, in a red rage and he often was in the like he flung the whole bowlful into the long-room fire, from the ashes whereof for days after the small boys gladly collected hot half-pence@. We must recollect that the canny Scot was a mean over-reaching man, so perhaps he was well paid out. Soon after the wedding, the bridegroom held high festival, and gave a grand dinner to all the masters. Our big boys were equal to the occasion, and as the hired waiters from the Falcon brought out the viands all was a delusive peace as they went in our harpies flew upon the spoil, and each meat, fish and fowl was cleared off the great dishes held between the helpless hands of the astonished servitors@! It was really too bad, but if a man is so manifestly unpopular no doubt he deserves it. Rugbeians would not have so served Arnold. Nearly all @my schoolmates are dead, and I cannot call on Charles Roe or Frank Ellis to corroborate my small anecdotes, but I could till lately on Sir William Knighton and one or two more. In a crowd of five hundred scholars Russell's average number, afterwards much diminished, until Godalming brought up the tale , there must be many still extant and of eminence whom I would name if I did but know them. Certainly, yes, Trevelyan was my next neighbour in the emeriti, and there was Hebert, the one distinguished in the State, the other in the Church also Cole, and his noble chief of Enniskillen, whom I have visited at Florence Court and Walford, our great genealogist, with many more among the more recent dead, let me mention my good friend Archibald Mathison, lately an Indian Judge, and Robert Curzon, and Arthur Helps, the historian of Mexico. Thackeray I knew then but very slightly, as he was a@ lower schoolboy, and John Leech not at all, because he was a day boy, seeing that the upper school was made to keep foolishly aloof from all such however, in after years I made good acquaintance with both of those true geniuses, and had Leech down to Albury, and to illustrate my tales, whilst I have several times com@pared judgments with Thackeray as to Doctor Birch and his young friends and other scholia. For the matter of my practical education at Charter@house, I like others went through the usual course, though without much distinction. I never gained a prize, albeit I tried for some, by certain tame didactic poe@ms on the Tower, Carthage, and Jerusalem, and as I couldn't as a@ stammerer speak in school, high places were out of my reach. Like others, however, I learned by heart all Horace's odes and epodes, the Ajax and the Antigone of Sophocles, and other like efforts of memory, almost useless in after life, except for capping quotations, and thereby being thought a pedant by the display of schoolboy erudition. How often have I wished that the years wasted over Latin verses and Greek plays had been utilised among French and German, astronomy, geology, chemistry and the like but all such useful educationals were quite ignored by the clerical boobies who then professed to teach young gentlemen all that they needed@ to know. Sixty years ago I perceived what we all see now teste Lord Sherborne that a most imperfect cla@ssical education, such as was then provided for us, was the least useful introduction to the real business of life, except that it was fashionable, and gave a man some false prestige in the circle of society. At about sixteen @I left Charterhouse for a private tutor, Dr. Stocker, then head of Elizabeth College, Guernsey, seeing my father wished to do him a service for kindly private reasons I was not at the College, but a pupil in his own house however, as this other Rev. D.D. proved a failure, I was passed on to a Rev. Mr. Twopeny of Long Wittenham, near Dorchester, staying with him about a year with like little profit when I changed to Mr. Holt's at Albury, a most worthy friend and neigh@bour, with whom I read diligently until my matricula@tion at Oxford, when I was about nineteen. With Holt, my intimate comrade was Harold Browne, the present Bishop of Winchester, and he will remember that it was our rather mischievous object to get beyond Mr. Holt in our prepared Aristotle and Plato, as we knew he had hard work to keep even in the race with his advanced pupils by dint of midnight oil. With this good@ tutor and the excellent ministrations@ of Hugh M'Neile, the famous rector of Albury, my ############ comes technically to an end, Oxford being practically indepen@dence albeit I am sure that education can cease only with human life, even if it be not carried further, onward and upward, through the cycles of eternity@. As I did not care to stop the continuity of this gossiping record perhaps too @light and too frank, but it is best unaltered I must now hark back for a few years, to fill in whatever small details of early life and primitive literature happened to me, between school and college. Truly, much of this amounts to recording trivialities but boyhood, not to say life also, is made up of trifles and there is always interest to a reader in personal anecdotes and experiences, the more if they are lively rather than severe. Let this excuse that lengthy account of My Schooldays. CHAPTER III. YOUNG AUTHORSHIP IN VERSE AND PROSE. Of my earliest MS., written soon after my seventh birthday, I have no copy, and only a very confused memory but I remember that my good mother trea@sured for years and showed to many friends something in the nature of an elegy which a broken-hearted little brother wrote on the death of an infant sister from his first school this is only mentioned in case any one of my older readers may possibly supply such a lost MS. in a child's roundhand. At school, chiefly as a young Carthusian, I frequently broke out into verse, where prose translation was more properly required seeing that it pleased my indolence to be poetical where I was not sure of literal accuracy, and I may add it rejoiced me to induce a certain undermaster to suspect and some@times to accuse this small poetaster of having cribbed his metrical version from some unknown collection of poems however, he had always to be satisfied with my assurance as to authenticity, for he was sure to be baffled in his inquiries elsewhere. One@ such instance is extant as thus,-for I kept a copy, as the assembled Charterhouse masters seemed to think it too good to be original for a small boy of twelve to thirteen. Here then, as a specimen of one of@ my early bits of literature, is a genuine and unaltered poem for any modern improvements would not be honest in the shape of a translated Greek epigram from the Anthologia@ ############################################################################### patting my curly locks and scolding his whiskered son for letting a small boy be above him. Much about this time, and@ until I left Charterhouse at sixteen, there @proceeded from my pen numerous other mild rhymed pieces and sundry unsuccessful prize poems _e.g._, three on Carthage, the second Temple of Jerusalem, and the Tower of London, whereof I have schoolboy copies not worth notice besides divers metrical translations of Horace, AEschylus, Virgil and a few songs and album verses for young lady friends, ######################################### my Melite, with thine So heavenly pure and bright Nor can Minerva's hand excel That pretty hand I know so well, So small and lily-white. Not Venus can such charms disclose As those sweet lips of blushing rose And ivory bosom show@ Not Thetis' nimble foot can tread More lightly o'er her coral bed Than thy soft foot of snow. What happiness thy face bestows When smiling on a lover's woes@! Thrice happy then is he Who hears thy soul-subduing song,-O more than blest, to whom belong The charmsof ####################################################################### with an impromptu or two, whereof the follow@ing On a shell sounding like the sea is a fair speci@men for a boy - I remember the voice of the flood Hoarse breaking upon the ro@ugh shore, As a linnet remembers the wood And his warblings so joyous before. Of course, this class of my juvenile lyrics was holiday work, and barely worth a record, except to save a fly in amber, like this. Whilst I was at Charterhouse, occurred my first Continental journey, when my excellent father took his small party all through France in his private travelling carriage, bought at Calais for the trip it was long before railways were invented , and I jotted down in verse our @daily adventures in the rumble. The whole journal, entitled Rough Rhymes, in divers metres, grave and gay, was published by the Literary Chronicle in 1826, and the editor thereof, Mr. Jerdan, says, after some compliments, the author is in his sixteenth year, -which fixes the date. Possibly, a brief specimen or two of this may please take the livelier first,-on French cookery if trivial, the lines are genuine I must not doctor anything up even by a word. NowMuse, you must versify your very best@@, To sing how they ransack the East and the West, To tell how they plunder the North and the South For food for the ######### ####### the mouth! S@uch savo@ury stews, and such odorous dishes, Such soups, and at Calais such capital fishes! With sauces so strange they disguise the lean meat That you seldom, or never, know what you're to eat @@Such fricandeaux, fricassees epicurean, Such vins-ordinaires, and such banquets Circean,-And the nice little nothings which very soon vanish Before you are able your plate to replenish,-Such exquisite eatables@! and for your drink Not porter or ale, but-what do you think@? 'Tis Burgundy, Bourdeaux, real red rosy wine, Which you quaff at a draught, neat nectar, divine@! Thus they pamper the taste with everything good And of an old shoe can make savoury food, But the worst of it is that when you have done You are nearly as famish'd as when you begun! For a more serious morsel, take the closing lines on Rouen - Yes, proud Cathedral, ages pass'd away While generations lived their little day,-France has been deluged with her patriots' blood By traitors to their country and their God,-The face of Europe has been changed, but thou Hast stood sublime in changelessness till now, Exulting in thy glories of carved stone, A living monument of ages gone!-Yet-@time hath touch'd thee too thy prime is o'er,-A few short years, and thou must be no more Ev'n thou must bend beneath the common fate,@ But in thy very ruins wilt be great@! More than enough of this brief memory of Sixty Years Since, which has no other extant record, and is only given as a sample of the rest, equally juvenile. Three years however before, this, my earliest piece printed, I find among my papers a very faded copy of my first MS. in verse, being part of an attempted prize poem at@ Charterhouse on Carthage, written at the age of thirteen in 1823 for auld langsyne's s@@a@ke I rescue its conclusion thus curtly from oblivion,-though no doubt archaeologically faulty - Where sculptured temples once appeared to sight, Now dismal ruins meet the moon's pale light,-Where regal pomp once shone with gorgeous ray, And kings successive held their transient swa@y -Where once the priest his sacred victims led And on the altars their warm lifeblood shed,-Where swollen rivers once had amply flowed And splendid galleys down the stream had rowed, A dreary wilderness now meets the view, And nought but Memory can trace the clue! The poor little schoolboy's muse was perhaps quite of the pedestrian order but so also, the critics said, had been stern old Dr. Johnson's in his London. Mere school-exercises whereof I have some antique copybooks before me , cannot be held to count for much as early literature though I know not why some of my Greek Iambic translations of the Psalms and Shakespeare, as also sundry very respectable versions of English poems into Latin Sapphics and Alcaics still among my archives, should not have been shrined-as they were offered at the time-in Dr. Haig Brown's Carthusian Anthology. However somehow these have escaped printer's ink,-the only true ####### we must therefore suppose them not quite worthy to be bracketed with the classical versification of Buchanan or even of Mr. John Milton,-albeit actually superior to sundry of the aforesaid Anthologia Carthusiana so of these we will say nothing. Of other sorts of schoolboy literaria whereof from time to time I was guilty let me save here by way of change one or@ two of my trivial humoristics here is one, not seen in print till now Sapphics to my Um@brella,-written on a very rainy day, in 1827. N.B. If Canning in his Eton days immortalised sapphically a knifegrinder, why shouldn't a young Carthusian similarly celebrate his gingham@? @@V@alued companion of my expeditions, Wanderings, and my street perambulations, What can be more deserving of my praises Than my umbrella@? Under thine ample covering rejoicing, All the 'canaille' tumultuously running While the rain streams and patters from the housetops, Slow and majestic, I trudge along unwetted, though an ocean Pours from the clouds, as if some Abernethy Had given all the nubilary regions Purges cathartic@! Others run on in piteous condition, Black desperation painted in their faces, While the full flood descends in very pailfuls@@ Streaming upon them. Yea, 'tis as if some cunning necromancer Had drawn a circle magically round me, Till like the wretched victim of Kehama, Southey's abortion N@othing like liquor ever could approach me@! But it is thou, disinterested comrade, Bearest the rainy weather uncomplaining, Oh, my umbrella@! How many hats, and 'upper Bens,' and new coats, How many wretched duckings hast thou saved me Well-I have done-but must be still indebted To my umbrella@! Another such trifle may be permissible, as thus also about an umbrella, a stolen one.@ On the occasion of my loss I wrote this to reb@uke the thief, @@The height of honesty - Three friends once, in the course of conversation, Touch'd upon honesty 'No virtue better,' Says Dick, quite lost in sweet self-admiration, 'I'm sure I'm honest -ay-beyond the letter You know the field I rent beneath the ground My plough stuck in the middle of a furrow And there a pot of golden coins I found@! My landlord has it, without fail, to-morrow.' Thus modestly his good intents he told 'But stay,' says Bob,' we soon shall see who's best, ############## me uncountedgold@@! But I'll not touch it which is honestest?' 'Your honest acts I've heard,' says Jack, 'but I Have done much better, would that all folks learn'd it, Mine is the highest pitch of honesty-I borrow'd an umbrella ################# remember that Dr. Buckland, whose geo@logical lectures I attended, had the words Stolen from Dr. Buckland engraved on the ivory handle of _his_ umbrella @he never lost it again@. In the way of @prose, not printed though much later on I have since published Paterfamilias's Diary of Everybody's Tour I have kept journals of holiday travel ############# I now make a brief mention. Six juvenile bits of authorship are before me, ranging through the summers of 1828 to 1835 inclusive each neatly written in its note-book on@ the spot and at@ the time therefore fresh and true decorated with untutored sketches, and all full of interest ab least to myself in old memories, faded interests, and departed friends. As@ very rare survivals of the past for who cares to keep as I have done his schoolboy journals of half a century ago@? I will give at haphazard from each in its order of time a short quotation by way of sample,-a brick to represent the house. My first, A.D. 1828, records how my good father took his sons through the factories of Birmingham and the potteries of Staffordshire, down an iron mine and a salt mine, c. c., thus teaching us all we could learn energetically and intelligently it details also how we were hospitably entertained for a week in each place by the magnate hosts of Holkar Hall and Inveraray Castle and how we did all touristic devoirs by lake, mountain, ruin, and palace in fact, a short volume in MS., whereof quite at random here is a speci@men page. Melrose looks at a distance very little ruinous, but more like a perfect cathedral. While the horses were being changed we walked to see this Abbey, a splendid ruin, with two very light and beautiful oriel windows to the east and south, besides many smaller ones the architecture being florid Gothic. The tracery round the capitals of pillars is in wonderful preserva@tion, looking as fresh and sharp as on the first day of their creation instead of the Grecian acanthus _Scotch kail_ being a favourite ornament. @Some of the images still remain in their niches. In the east aisle is the grave of the famous wizard, Michael Scott, and at@ the foot of the tombstone a grim-looking figure,-que@ry himse@lf? In the ruined cloisters the tracery is of the most delicate description, foliage of trees and vegetables being carved on them. This Abbey was founded by @David the First, but repaired by James the Fourth, which accounts for his altered crown appearing in stone on the walls, c. c. The Scotch kail is curious, as indicative of national preference and is the wizard still on guard? @@Recollect that in those days there were no guide-books,-so every observant traveller had to record for himself what he saw. The next, in 1829, was a second visit to the Con@tinent, my first having been in 1826, with those quota@tions from Rough Rhymes which have already met your view. In this we took the usual tour of those days, _viâ_ Brussels and the Rhine to Switzerland, and I might quote plenty thereof if space and time allowed. Here shall follow a casual page from the 1829 MS. Journal, now before me. Heidelberg has a university of seven hundred stu@dents, who wear no particular academicals, but are generally seen with a little red or blue cap topping a luxuriant head of hair, a long coat,@ and moustaches which usually perform the function of a chimney to pipe or cigar. All along our to-day's route extended immense fields of tobacco, turnips, and vegetals of every description. Most of the women seem to be troubled with goitres, and we observed that all who have them wear rows of garnets strung tight on the part affected, whether with the idea of hiding the deformity, or of rendering the beauty of the swelling more conspicuous, or of charming it away, I@ cannot tell. The roads in these parts are much avenued with walnut trees Fels, our courier, told me that of all trees they are most subject to be struck by lightning, and that under them is always a current of air. I insert his information, as he is both a sensible man, and has had@ great opportu@nities of observing, c. c. Here is a gap of three years. In 1832, my journal about Dorsetshire and the Isle of Wight is chiefly geological as this extract shows, it was mainly a search after fossil spoils at Char@@mouth - Would you like to see a creature with the head of a lizard, wings of a bat, and tail of a serpent@?@@ Such things have been, as these bones testify they are called Pterodactyls, and are as big as ravens. Thus, you see, a dragon is no chimera, but attested by a science founded on observation, Geology. As their bones known by their hollowness often occur in the coprolites or fossil dung of Plesiosauri, mighty monsters of the deep like gigantic swans, it is thought they were their special prey, for which the long and flexible neck of the Plesiosaurus is an _à priori_ argu@ment, c. c. The 1833 journal is Welsh and, _inter alia_, I therein drew and I now record that recently destroyed and more recently restored Druidical movement, the Buck@stone@@@ A solid mass of rock, not of living adamant but of dead pudding-stone, seemingly 'by subtle magic poised' on the brow of a steep and high hill, wooded with oaks the top of this mass of rock is an area of fifty-four feet, its base being four, and the height twelve. It was once a logan stone, but now has no rocking properties though most perilously poised on the side of a slope, and certainly, if in part a work of nature, it must@ have been helped by art, seeing the mere action of the atmosphere never could have so exactly chiselled away all but the centre of@ gravity. The secret of the Druids, in@ this instance at least, was in leaving a large mass behind, which as a lever counter@acted the preponderance of the rock. I drew on the spot two exact views of it, taken to scale,-whereof this is one,-now of some curious value, since its in@tentional destruction last year by a snobbish party of mischievous idiots. However, I see by the papers that, at a cost of @£500, it has been re@placed. Let this touch suffice as to my then growing predilection for Druidism, since expanded by me into several essays find pamphlets, touching on that strange topic, the numerous rude stone monuments from Arabia to ######### 1834 journal regards Scotland,-a country I have since visited several times, including the Orkneys and Shetlands, and the voyage round from Thurso _viâ_ Cape Wrath to the Hebrides whereof, perhaps, more anon. For a specimen page of this let me give what follows the locality is near Inverness and the Cale@donian Canal We now bent our steps toward Craig Phadrick, two miles north. This is the site of one of the celebrated vitrified forts, concerning the creation of@ which there has been so much learned discussion. And verily there is room, for there is mystery I@ will detail what we saw. On the summit of a@ steep hill of con@glomerate rock we could trace very clearly a double oblong enclosure of eighty yards by twenty, with entrances east and west, a space of five yards being between the two oblongs. The mounds were outwardly of turf, but under a thin skin of this was a thick con@tinuous wall of molten stone, granite, gneiss, and sand@stone, bubbling together in a hotchpot@! The existence of these forts occurring frequently on the heights and of various shapes is attempted to be explained by divers theories. One man tells us they were beacons but, first, what an enormous one is here, one hundred and twenty-four feet by sixty of blazing wood, timber being scarce too! next, they sometimes occur in low situa@tions from which a flame could scarcely be seen thirdly, common wood fire will not melt granite. Another pundit says they are volcanic. O wondrous volcano to spout oblong concentric areas of stone walls@! Perhaps the best explanation is that the Celts cemented these hilltops of strongholds by means of coarse glass, a sort of red-hot mortar, using sea-sand and seaweed as a flux. This is Professor Whewell's idea, and with him we had some interesting conversation on that and other sub@jects. Of this Scotch tour, full of interest, thus very curtly. Turn we now to Ireland in 1835. My record of just fifty years ago is much what it might be now, starvation, beggary, and human wretchedness of all sorts in the midst of a rich land, through indolence relapsed into a jungle of thorns and briars, quaking bogs, and sterile mountains whisky, and the idle un@certain potato, combining with ignorance and priest@craft, to demoralise the excitable unreasoning race of modern Celts. Let us turn from the sad scenes of which my said diary is full, to my day at the spar caverns of Kingston. At the bottom of a stone quarry, we clad ourselves in sack garments that mud wouldn't spoil, and with lit candles descended into the abyss, hands, knees, and elbows being of as much service as our feet. Now, I am not going to map my way after the manner of guide-books, nor to nickname @the gor@geous architecture of nature according to the caprice of a rude peasant on the spot or the fancy of a passing stranger. I might fill a page with accounts of Turks' tents, beehives, judges' wigs, harps, handkerchiefs, and flitches of bacon, but I rather choose to speak of these subterranean palaces with none of such vulgar similari@ties. No one ever saw such magnificence in stalactites from the black fissured roofs of antres vast and low-browed caves they are hanging, of all conceivable shapes and sizes and descriptions. Now a tall-fluted column, now a fringed canopy, now like a large white sheet flung over a beetling rock in the elegant folds and easy drapery of a curtain, everywhere are pure white stalactites like icicles straining to meet the sturdier mounds of stalagmite below whilst in the smaller caves slender tubes extend from top to bottom like congealed rain. One cavern is quite curtained round @with dazzling and wavy tapestry another has gigantic masses of the white spar pouring from its crannied roof like boiled Brobdingnag macaroni others like heaps of snowy linen lying about or hanging from the ceiling. The extent of the caves is quite unknown eleven acres I was told have been surveyed and mapped, while there are six avenues still unexplored, and you may already wander for twenty-four hours through the dis@covered provinces of the gnome king. This is not to be compared with Kentucky, perhaps not quite with Derbyshire but it seemed to me marvellous@ at the time. Let this much suffice as hinted reference to those early journals, which, if the world were @not already more full of books than of their readers, would be as@ well worth printing in@ their integrity as many others of their bound and lettered brethren. In connection with these journals, I have bee@n speci@ally requested to add to the above this record following dated forty-four years ago as a specimen of my letter-writing in old days it has pen-and-ink sketches, here inserted by way of rough and ready illustration. The whole letter is printed in its integrity as desired, and tells its own archaeological tale, though rather volumin@ously but in the prehistoric era before Rowland Hill arose, to give us cheap stamps for short notes, it was an economy to make a letter as long as possible to pay for its exorbitant postage for example, my letters to and from Oxford used to cost eightpence-or double if in an envelope, then absurdly surcharged. ############################################################################################# suppose it to be the intention of our worship@ful and right bankrupt Government that everybody write to everybody true, full, and particular accounts of all things which he, she, or it, may have done, be doing, or be about to do and seeing I may have something to say which will interest you all, I fulfil the gossiping intentions of the Collective Wisdom, and give you an omnibus epistle. Now, I recommend a good map, a quiet mind, and as Charley says, Atten_tion_.-The bright,@ clear, frosty morning of the 8th found me at Devonport, and nine o'clock beheld the same egregious individual, well-benjamined, patronising with his bodily presence the roof of the Falmouth coach. A steam ferry-bridge took us across the Hamoaze, which, with its stationed hulks, scattered shipping, and town and country banks, made, as it always makes, a beautiful landscape. At Torpoint we first encountered venerable Cornwall and a pretty drive of sixteen miles, well wooded, and watered by several intrusions of the unsatisfied sea, brought coach and contents to Liskeard, a clean, granite, country town, with palatial inn, and in common with the whole of Devonshire and Cornwall a large many gabled church, covered with carved cathedral windows, and shadowed by ancient elms. Not being able to accomplish everything, I heard of, but saw not, divers antiquities in the distant neighbourhood of St. Clare, such as a circle of stones, an old church and well, and the natural curiosity called the cheese-ring, being a mass of layered granite capriciously decomposed these unseen ones what a mysterious name for a three-volumed Bentleyism@! I do not regret, for I know how to appreciate those won@ders, the only enchantment whereof is, distance. So suffered I conveyance to Lostwithiel, a town lying in a hollow under the pictorial auspices of Restormel Castle, whose ivied ruins up the valley are fine and Raglandish while the @rest were bolting a coach dinner, I betook me to ye church, and was charmed with a curious antique font, and the tower, an octagon gothic lantern with extinguisher atop, like this as far as memory serves me. Onward again, th@rough St@. Blazey, and a mining district, not ill-wooded, nor unpicturesque, to the fair town of St. Austle, which the piety of Cornish ancestors has furnished with another splendid specimen of ecclesiastical archi@tecture, the upper half of the chief tower, a square one, being fretted on every stone with florid carving, and grotesque devices but what shall I say of Probus tower, which from top to bottom is covered with delicate tracery cut in granite@? it rises above the miserable surrounding village, a satire upon neighbouring de@generacy in things religious you must often have seen drawings of Probus at the Watercolour Exhibition, as it is a regular artists' lion. At about half-past six we got into Truro, a clean wide flourishing town with London shops, a commemorative column, a fine spired church, bridges over narrow streams, and, like most other West of England towns, well payed and gas-lighted. From this, I had intended to go to Falmouth, but a diligent brain-sucking of coach comrades induced me to jump at once into a branch conveyance to Penzance, so passing sleepy Redruth, Camborne, and St. Erth in the dark, I found myself safely housed at the Union Inn, Penzance, at half-past eleven. Talking of unions, the country is studded here as everywhere with them fine buildings put to the pernicious use of imprisoning for life those whose only crime is poverty, and destined to be metamorphosed ere long so I prophesy into lunatic asylums for desperate minis@terialists, prisons for the Chartists, veterinary colleges for cattle with the rot, and as one good end, hospitals for the poor. Near Redruth, I took notice in the moonlight of Carn-bréh, the remains of a British beacon or hill-fort, much of the antiquarian interest of which has been destroyed by a neighbouring squire having added to it _modern_ ruins, to make it an object from his hall! the whole hill, like much of the country, is sprinkled with granite blocks higgledi-piggledy, and it is a grand dispute among the pundits, whether or not the Archdruid Nature has been playing at marbles in these parts I wished to satisfy myself@ about it, but couldn't stop, and so there's no use in grummering about regrets. I've seen enough, to be able to judge _à priori_, that father Noah's flood piled the hill with blocks, which have served one Dr. Borlase and others as occasions for earning the character of blockheads@. One thing is man's doing, without _much_ dispute, and that is, an obelisk in honour of old Lord De Dunstanville, which is a conspicuous toothpick on the hilltop no doubt, as in this case, nature brought the stones there, and man did his part in arranging them poor Dr. B. would have you believe that every natural rock had been lifted here bodily for architectural purposes, and as bodily made a most elaborate@ and labyrinthine ruin afterwards. At Penzance, a broiled fish supper, and to bed by midnight, having ordered@ a twilight gig, wherein by 7 on the ninth I was travers@@ing the beautiful bay. Penzance is a fine town in a splendid situation the bay, bounded by the Lizard and its opposite bold brother-headland, inclosing St. Michael's Mount, and having a fertile and villa-studded background the town full of good handsome shops one like the Egyptian Hall , a large cathedralish church, and with a very special market-place, of light granite, in the form of a plain Grecian temple, sur@mounted at the middle by an imposing dome. As I had duly culled information from the natives, I lost no time in breakfasting, but drove off, bun in hand, to explore the country of the Druids. Now, if the matters I succeeded in visiting were in isolated and plain situa@tions, they might have been less disappointing but where the face of the whole soil is covered naturally with jutting rocks, and timeworn boulders of granite, one doesn't feel much astonishment to see some one stone set on end a little more obviously than the rest, or to find out by dint of perseverance a little arrange@ment, which may or may not be accidental added to this, the cottages, and walls, and field enclosures are built of such immense blocks cleared off the surface of the fields, that one's mind is prepared for far more than the Druids ever did many a Stonehengeified @doorway, many a Titanic pigstye, many a Pelion-on-Ossa questionable-sentry box, puts one out of conceit with our puny ancestors. I went first to the Dâns-mene, a famous stone-circle and felt not a little vexed to find that I, little i, am feet taller than any of the uprights there, not 25 in number, and no bigger than field gat@eposts. It is evidently the consecrated portion of a battlefield, for there are several single stones dotted about the neighbourhood, to mark where heroes fell like those at Inveraray, but smaller. The habit all through Cornwall of setting up a stone in every field, for cattle to scratch themselves withal, seems to be a sly satire against other rubbing-stones for A.@S. Ses. A few dreary miles further brought me to the voonder of voonders, the Logan-Rock, which on the map is near Boskenna. The cliff and coast scenery is superb im@mense masses of granite of all shapes and sizes tumbled about in all directions what wonder that in such a heap of giant pebbles _one_ should be found ricketty@? or more, what wonder that the very decomposing nature of coarse granite should have caused the atmosphere to eat away, gradually, all but the actual centre of gravity@? both at the Logan, and Land's End, and Mount St. Michael, I am sure I have seen a hundred rocks wasted very nearly to the moving point, and I could mention specifically six, which in 20 years@ will rock, or in half an hour of chiselling would. In part proof of what I say, the Land-End people, jealous of Logan customers, have just found out a great rock in their parts, which two men can make to move I recommended a long-handled chisel, and have little doubt that my hint will be acted on by next season, the Cornish antiquaries will be puzzling their musty brains over marks of druidical tools essays will appear, to demonstrate@@@ that the chippings were accomplished by the consecrated golden sickle the rock will be proved to have been quar@ried at Normandy, and ferried over fa@csimiles of the cuts will be litho@graphed and the Innkeeper of the First and Last house in England will gratefully present a piece of @plate a Druid@@@ spanning consider Ezekiel's putting the branch to the nose as a sign of contempt ! to the author of Hints for a Chisel, Proverbial Phil., c. c. c. ######################### _the_ Logan until it was scrupu@lously pointed out, by so tangible a manner as my boy-guide getting _on_ it, I could scarcely distinguish it from the fine hurlyburly of rocks around. That it moves there is no ques@tion but when I tell you that it is now obliged to be artificially kept from falling, by a chain fixing it behind, and a beam to rest on before, I think you will agree with me in muttering the hum@bug! Artists have so diligently falsified the view, _ad captandum_, that you will have some difficulty in recognising so old a friend as the Logan it is com@monly drawn as if isolated, _thus_, and would so, no doubt, be very astonishing but, when my memory puts it as above, stapled, and _obliged_ to remain for Cockneys to log it, surrounded by a much more imposing brotherhood, my wonder only is that it keeps its lion character, and that, considering the easy explication of its natural cause or accident, it should ever have been conceived to be man's doing per@haps the Druids availed themselves of so lucky a chance for miracle-mongering, but as to having con@trived it, you might as well say that they built the cliffs. It strikes me, moreover, that Cornwall could never have been the headquarters of Druidism, inas@much as the soil is too scanty for oaks there isn't a tree of any size, much less an oak tree in all West Corn@wall they must have cut samphire from the rocks, instead of misletoe from oaks, and the old gentlemen must have been pretty tolerable climbers, victim and all, to have got near enough to touch the Logan to be sure it was a frosty day, and iron-shod shoes on icy granite are not over coalescible, but I did not dare scramble to it, as a tumble would have insured a par@ticularly uncomfortable death and although the inter@esting Leaper from the Logan, or Martin Martyr would have had his name enshrined in young lady sonnets, and azure albums, such immortality had little charms for me. I contented myself with being able to swear that I have seen 90 tons of stone moved by a child of ten years old. Near it is another, called the logging lady, a block, upright like its neighbours, about 12 feet high, and which the boy told me could only be made to log by two men with poles in fact, one end is worn with levers well, I told him to try and move it no use, says he try, said I he did try, and couldn't well, I took a sight of where I thought he could do it, and set him to push forthwith, my lady tottered, and I told the boy, if he would only keep to himself where he pushed it would be a banknote to him. I mention this to illustrate what I verily believe, to wit, that, if a man only took the breakneck trouble to clamber and try, he would discover several rocking-stones but the fact is, this would dimi@nish the wonder, and Cockneys wouldn't co@me to see what is easily explained your Druids, with imaginary dynamics, invest nature's freaks with mysterious interest. But away to Tol Peden Penwith, where there is another curiosity in the smooth green middle of a@ narrow pro@montory, surrounded and@ terminated by the boldest rock-scenery, strangely drops down for a perpendicular hundred feet, a circular chasm, not ill named the Funnel, and which not even a stolid Borlase can pretend was dug by the Druids at the bottom there is communica@tion with the sea by means of a cavern, and in stormy weather the rush up this gigantic earth's chimney-must be something ter@rible will this convey a rough idea? the scenery all round is really magnificent, and the look@ing down this black smooth stone-pit is quite fearful it slopes away so deceitfully, and looks like a huge lion-ant's nest. Few people see this, because you can only get at it by a walk of a mile, but I think it quite as worth seeing as the logan-rock. My next object was the Land's End, where, as elsewhere, I did signalise myself by _not_ scribbling my autograph on a rock, or carving M.@F.@T. on the sod the rocky coast is of the @same grand character granite bits, as big as houses, floundering over each other like whales at play the cliffs, cavernous, castellated, mossgrown, and weatherbeaten it looks _like_ a Land's end, a regular break up of the world's then useless ribs an outlier of rocks in the sea, surmounted by a light@house looks _like_ the end of the struggle between con@quering man, and sturdy desolation. One place, where I tremble to think I have been, struck me as quite awful helped by an iron-handed sailor, who comforts you in the dizzy scramble with Never fear, sir, you shan't fall, unless I fall too, you fearfully pick your way to the extreme end, where it goes slick down, and lying prostrate on the slippery granite which looks disjointed everywhere, and as if it would fall with you, bodily with head strained over you see under you a dreadful cavern, open nearly to where you are, up@ which roars the white and angry sea. O brother David, and foot-tingling Sire, never can you take that look and never would I again. Only think of tipping over! ugh.-Into the gig again, beside my shrewd Sam Weller driver, and away. Here and there about this part of Cornwall are studded rude stone crosses, probably of the time of St. Colomba, as they are similar to those at Iona about two or three feet high, and very rude. In one place, I noticed what seemed to be a headless female figure, perhaps the Virgin, and as large as life my Jehu said he had heard that it @once had a head. We soon came to a small square inclosure, said to be a most ancient cemetery I scrambled over the wall, and found among the briars and weeds one solitary tomb of a venerable and Runic aspect, but I soon found out that it recorded the name of somebody who departed Ye LYFE somewhere in 1577 nothing so extremely ancient. A rough rock-besprinkled hill now attracted me, as I heard it was called another Carn-bréh, and was surmounted by some mound, or ruin so out of the gig, and up in no time. Clearly it had been an ancient beacon place, as atop are the re@mains of a small square-built terrace inclosing some upright stones placed irregularly,-a sort of huge fire@place. One of the neighbouring rocks presented on its surface a fine specimen of what are called rock basins but unluckily for the antiquary, this excavation is on the side of the stone, not on the summit so that it could not possibly hold water, and is clearly caused by some particular moss eating away the stone.-By three o'clock returned to Penzance, had dinner it was break@fast too , bought a mineral memorial, and in the gig@ again, over the sands to the outlandishly named Mara Zion, or Market Jew, words probably of similar import. Opposite to this little place, and joined to it by a neck of rocks passable at low-water, stands that picturesque gem, Mount St. Michael. You know the sort of thing an abrupt, pyramid of craggy rock, crowned with an edifice, half stronghold and half cathedral. It is a home of the St. Aubyn family, and is well kept up in the ancient style, but in rather a small way a portcullised entrance, old armour hanging in the guard-room, a beautiful dining-hall with carved oak roof, and panels, and chairs a chapel to match, with stained windows an elegant Gothic drawing-room, white and gold and everything, down to black-leather drinking jugs, in character with the feudal stronghold. I mounted the corkscrew tower, and got to the broken stone lantern they call St. Michael's chair an uncomfortable job, but rewarded by a splendid panorama, gilt by the setting sun in the chapel too, I descended into a miserable dungeon communicating with a monk's stall, where doubtless some self-immured peni@tent had wasted life away, only coming to the light@ for@@ matins, and only relieved from solitary imprisonment by midnight mass. This has been discovered but very lately in repairing the chapel it was walled up, and contained a skeleton. As a matter of course, this old castle contains a little hidden room, where that ubiqui@tous vagabond, the royal Charles, laid his hunted head the poor persecuted debauchee sponged upon all his friends like Bellyserious Buggins. Back again, by water this time, to little Mara Zion, but ever and anon looking with admiration on that beautiful mount the western rocks are really magnificent, as big as the largest hay-stacks, and tumbled about as loosely as an emptied sugar-basin some hanging by a corner, and others rest@ing on a casual fragment I am sure of one logan-stone, if a little impertinent bit of rock were only moved away and I walked under and between more Titanic architec@ture than Stonehenge can show the Druids, for my part, shall have their due, but not where they don't deserve it. At nine, after a substantial fried-fish tea, I mounted the night coach to Falmouth,-outside, as there was no room in, and so, through respectable Hel@@@stone, remarkable for a florid Gothic arch erected to some modern worthy of the town, to decent Penryn, and then by midnight, to the narrowest of all towns, Falmouth. I longed to get back to my darlings, and resolved to see them by next morning, so booked an outside no room inside, as before for an immediate start. Now, you can readily imagine that I was by no means hot, and though the night of Thursday last was rather mild, still it was midwinter accordingly I conceived and executed a marvellous calorificating plan, which even the mail-coachman had never heard of. Haying comforted my interiors with hot grog of the stiffest, I called for@ another shillingsworth of brandy, and deliberately emptied it, to the astonished edification of@ beholders, into my boots@! literal fact, and it kept my feet comfortable all night long. And so, wrapped all in double clothing, sped I my rapid way, varying what I had before seen by passing through desolate Bodmin, and its neighbourhood of rock, moor, and sand hot coffee at Liskeard, morning broke soon after, then the glorious sun over the sea. Hamoaze, the ferry, and Devonport at 1 2 past 8. Much as I longed to get home, I went forthwith into a hot bath at 102, to boil out all chills, and thence went spick and span to my happy rest, having within 48 hours seen the best part of Cornwall and its wonders, and rode or walked 250 miles. And so, brother David, commend me for a traveller. HERE ends my Cornish expedition. Does it recall to thee, O sire, thine own of old time, undertaken if I remember rightly with Dr. Kidd@?-Mails then did not travel like the Quicksilver, averaging 12 miles an hour, and few people go 40 miles before breakfast. Now, I feel able to get nearer my Albury destination, and in a week or so, shall hope to be residing at Dor@c@hester, near the Blandford of paternal recollections. Did you, dear mother, get a letter from me directed to Albury@? @@I hope so, for it sets all clear and if not, I'll set the nation against cheap postage. I don't feel the least confidence now in the Post Office, forasmuch as they have no interest in a letter after it is paid, and many will be mislaid from haste and multiplicity. Please to say if it came safely to hand, as I judge it important. If you, dear mother, got my last, I have nothing more to say, and if not, I'll blow up the Post Office unpopu@larity would send all the letters by carriers but whether or not, I can't write any more, so with a due proportion of regards rightly broadcast around, accept the remainder from-Your affectionate son, ############################################### Christ Church, Oxford, and went through the usual course of lectures with fair success. As a family we have all favoured Oxford rather than Cambridge my father and two cousins, Elisha and Carré, were at Exeter College, to take@ the benefit of its Sarnian Exhibitions my brother Daniel was at Brasenose, and my brother William gained a scholarship of Trinity. When at Christ Church I wore the same academical gown which my father had,@-and have it still a curious antiquity in the dress line, now some fourscore years old, and perfect for wear and appearance,-such as would have rejoiced the Sartor Resartus of Carlyle. At college I did not do much in the literary line, unless it is worth mention that translations from the Greek or Latin poets were always rendered by me in verse not prose, and that I published anonymously A Voice from the Cloister, being an earnest appeal to my fellow-collegians against the youthful excesses so common in those days. From this pamphlet I give an extract, as it is scarce @it began with blank verse and ended with rhyme, all being for the period courageously moral and religious. The end is as ###################################### sad Muse, enough thy downward flight Has cleft with wearied wing the shades of night Be drest in smiles, forget the gloomy past, And, cygnet-like, sing sweeter at the last, Strike on the chords of joy a happier strain And be thyself, thy cheerful self, again. Hail, goodly company of generous youth, Hail, nobler sons of Temperance and Truth@! I see attendant Ariels circling there, Light-hearted Innocence, and Prudence fair, Sweet Chastity, young Hope, and Reason bright, And modest Love, in heaven's own hues bedight, Staid Diligence, and Health, and holy Grace, And gentle Happiness with smiling face,-All, all are there and Sorrow speeds away, And Melancholy flees the sons of day Dull Care is gladden'd with reflected light, And wounded Sin flies sickening at the sight. My friends, whose innate worth the wise man's praise And the fool's censure equally betrays, Accept the humble blessing of my Muse, Nor your assistance to her aim refuse, She asks not flattery, but lether claim A kind perusal, and a secret name. I scarcely like to mention it, as a literary accident, but being a curious and unique anecdote it shall be stated. I had the honour at Christ Church of being prizetaker of Dr. Burton's theological essay, The Re@conciliation of Matthew and John, when Gladstone who had also contested it, stood second and when Dr. Burton had me before him to give me the @£25 worth of books, he requested me to allow Mr. Gladstone to have £5 worth of them, as he was so good a second. Cer@tainly such an easy concession was one of my earliest literary triumphs. My first acquaintance with Gladstone, whom I have known from those college days now for more than five and fifty years, was a memorable event, and may thus be worthy of mention. It was at that time not a common thing for undergraduates to go to the com@munion at Christchurch Cathedral-that holy celebra@tion being supposed to be for the particular benefit of Dean and Canons, and Masters of Arts. So when two undergraduates went out of the chancel together after communion, which they had both attended, it is small wonder that they addressed each other genially, in defiance of Oxford etiquette, nor that a friendship so well begun has continued to this hour. Not that I have always approved of my friend's politics multi@tudes of letters through many years have passed be@tween us, wherein if I have sometimes ventured to praise or to blame, I have always been answered both gratefully and modestly but I have ever tried to hold the balance equally too, according to my lights, and if at one time on occasion of the great Oxford election, 1864 I published a somewhat famous copy of verses, ending with@@@ Orator, statesman, scholar, wit, and sage, The Crichton,-more, the Gladstone of the age, my faithfulness must in after years confess to a well-known palinode one of my Three Hundred Sonnets commencing Beware of mere delusive eloquence, and a still more caustic lyric, beginning with Glozing tongue whom none can trust, and so forth, as a caution against a great man's special gift, so proverbia@lly dangerous. Some of our most honest Ministers, _e.g._, Althorpe and Wellington, have been very bad speakers some of our most eloquent orators have proved very bad Ministers. And in this place I may introduce some account, long ago in print, of the famous Aristotle class under the tutorship of Mr. Biscoe at Christ Church, wherein among far nobler and better scholars your present confessor took the lowest seat. Fifty years ago Biscoe's Aristotle class at Christ Church was comprised almost wholly of men who have since become celebrated, some in a remarkable degree and, as we believe that so many names, afterwards attaining to great distinction,@ have rarely been asso@ciated at one lecture-board, either at Oxford or else@where, it may be allowed to one who counts himself the least and lowest of the company to pen this brief note of those old Aristotelians. Let the central figure be _Gladstone_-ever from youth up the beloved and admired of many personal intimates although some may be politically his opponents . Always the foremost man, warm-hearted, earnest, hard-working, and religious, he had a following even in his teens and it is noticeable that a choice lot of young and keen intelligences of Eton and Christ Church formed themselves into a small social sort of club, styled, in compliment to their founder's initials, the W.E.G. Next to Gladstone Lord _Lincoln_ used to sit, his first parliamentary patron at Newark, and through life to death his friend. We all know how admirably in many offices of State the late Duke of Newcastle served his country, and what a good and wise Mentor he was to a grateful Telemachus in ############### be mentioned thirdly then a good-looking youth with classic features and a florid cheek, since gone to the land of the departed after having healed up the wounds of India as her Governor-General. Next to the writer, one on each side, sat two more Governors-General _in futuro_, though then both younger sons and commoners, and now both also gone to their reward elsewhere these were _Bruce_, afterwards Lord Elgin, and _Ramsay_, Lord Dalhousie the one famous from Canada to China, the other noted for his triumphs in the Punjaub. When at Toronto in 1851, the writer was welcomed to the splendid hospitality of Lord Elgin, and the very lecture-room here depicted was mentioned as a rare gathering of notables. Lord _Abercorn_ was of the class, a future viceroy Lord _Douglas_, lately Duke of Hamilton, handsome as an Apollo, and who married a Princess of Baden and if Lord ########### infrequent in his attendance, at least he was eligible, and should not be omitted as a various sort of eccentric celebrity. Then _Phillimore_ was there, now our Dean of the Arches _Scott_ and _Liddell_, both heads of houses, and even then conspiring together for their great Dictionary. _Curzon_ too lately Lord De la Zouch was at the table, meditating Armenian and Levantine travels, and longing in spirit for those Byzantine MSS. preserved at Parham, where the writer has delighted to inspect them how nearly Tischendorf was anticipated in his fortunate find of that earliest Scripture, no one knows better than Lord Zouch, who must have been close upon that great and important discovery! _Doyle_, @now Professor of Poetry, _Hill_, of Mathematics, _Vaughan_, of History-all were of this wonderful class@ as also the Earl ############# as a mathematician Bishops ################## ################# _Cornewall Lewis_, late Chancellor of the Exchequer and _Kynaston_, Head Master of St. Paul's and a member of Parliament or two, as, for example, _Leader_, once popular for West@minster. Now, other names of almost equal eminence may have been here accidentally omitted, but the writer will not guess at more than he actually recollects. Sometimes-for the lecture was a famous one-members of other colleges came in _Sidney Herbert_, of Oriel, in particular, is re@memb@ered and if _Robert Lowe_, of University, was only occasionally seen, it must have been because he seldom went abroad till twilight. Altogetherer there were giants in those days and, without controversy, a casual class, containing more than a score of such illustrious names as are here registered, must be memorable. The lecture-room was next to Christ Church Hall, where that delicate shaft supports its exquisite traceried roof the book was @@Aristotle's Rhetoric, illustrated by each reader with quotations, a record whereof is still _penes me_, and the lecturer, now no longer living, was that able@ and accomplished classic, the Reverend _Robert Biscoe_. My college days are full of recollections of men, since become famous in literature, art, science, or position of these the principal are already recorded as having been members of the Aristotle class. Let me add here, that I lived for three weeks of my first term in the gaily ado@rned rooms in Peckwater of the wild Lord Waterford and afterwards in Lord Ossulston's, both being then absent from college that Frank Buckland and his bear occupied long after I had left my own chambers in Fells' Buildings that I was a class-mate and friend of the luckless Lord Conyers Osborne, then a comely and ruddy youth with curly hair and gentle manners, and that I remember how all Oxford was horrified at his shocking death-he having been back-broken over an arm-chair by the good-natured but only too athletic Earl of Hillsborough in a wine-party frolic that Knighton, early an enthusiast for art, used to draw his own left hand in divers attitudes with his right every day for weeks and that some not quite unknown cotemporary used to personate me at times for his own benefit. As he has been long dead, I may now state that he was believed to be Lord Douglas of Hamilton. Here is the true story. One day the Dean requested my presence, and thus addressed me I have long overlooked it, Mr. Tupper, but this must never occur agai@n indeed I have only waited till now, because I knew of your general good conduct. What have I done, Mr. Dean be pleased to tell me. @Why, sir, the porter states that this is the fifth time you have not come into college until past twelve o'clock. I beg@ your pardon, Mr. Dean there is some mis@take for I have never once been later than ten. Then, Mr. Tupper, somebody must have given your name in the dark and I request that you will do your best to discover who did this, and report it to me. As I failed to do it, after some days, again the Dean sent for me and finding after question made that I @pretty well guessed the delinquent but declined to expose him, the Dean kindly added- This does you credit, sir, and I left. A few days passed, and I was brought up again with I think you are intended for the Church, Mr. Tupper. As well as I could manage it, I stammered out that it was impossible, as I could not speak. Then he said he was sorry for that, as he meant to nominate me for a studentship. This, how@ever, never came to pass, and so the matter dropped until Dean Gaisford succeeded Dean Smith, and Joseph lost his Pharaoh. At college I lived the quiet life of a reading-man though I varied continually the desk and the book with the constitutional up Headington Hill, or the gallop with Mr. Murrell's harriers, or the quick scull to Iffley, or the more perilous sailing in a boat no wonder that Isis claims her annual victims , or the gig to Blenheim or Newton-Courtnay,-or that only once alarming ex@perience of a tandem when the leader turned round and looked at me in its nostalgic longing to return home,-or the geological ramble with Dr. Buckland's class,-or the botanic searchings for wild rarities with some naturalist pundit whose name I have forgotten and so forth. In matters theological, I was strongly opposed to the Tractarians, especially denouncing Newman and Pusey for their dishonest non-naturalness and Num@ber Ninety and I favoured with my approval _valeat quantum_ Dr. Hampden. I attended Dr. Kidd's ana@tomical lectures, and dabbled with some chemical ex@periments-which when Knighton and I repeated at his father's house, 9 Hanover Square, the baronet in future blew us up to the astonishment of the baronet ########## his famous father. Also, I was a diligent student in the Algebraic class of Dr. Short, afterwards the good Bishop of St. Asaph and I have before me now a ################ of mine in rhyme giving the nine chief rules of trigonometry, but not easily pro@ducible here as full of sines and cosi@nes, arcs, chords, tangents, and radii, though helpful to memory, and humorous at the time, ending with At least I ha@ve proved that nothing is worse Than Trigonometrical Problems in verse there are also similarly to be recorded my mathematical _séances_ with that worthy and clever Professor, A.@P. Saunders, afterwards headmaster of Charterhouse and my Hebrew lectures with the mild-spoken Dr. Pusey, afterwards so notorious and I know not whatever else is memorable, unless one condescended to what goes without saying about Hall and Chapel, and Examinations how@ever, some frivolous larks in the Waterford days, where@with I need not say the present scribe had nothing to do, may amuse. Here are three I remember 1. An edict had gone out from the authorities against hunting in pink,-and next morning the Dean's and the Canons' doors in quad were found to have been miraculously painted red in the night@. 2. There was a grand party of Dons at the Deanery, and as they hung their togas in the hall for they couldn't conveniently dine in them there was filched from each proctorial sleeve that mar@vellous little triangular survival of a stole which nobody can explain, and all these collectively were nailed on the Dean's outer door in a star. 3. A certain ga@rden of small yews and box trees was found one morning to have been transplanted bodily into Peckwater Quadrangle, as a matter of mystery and defiance. And there were other like exploits as the immersion of that leaden Mercury into its own pond and town and gown rows, wherein I remember to have seen the herculean Lord Hillsborough on one side of High Street, and Peard after@wards Garibaldi's Englishman on the other, clear away the crowd of roughs with their fists, scattering them like duplicates of the hero of Corioli. Of course I duly took my degrees of B.A. and M.A.,-and long after of D.C.L., when the Cathedral chimes rang for me, as they always do for a grand compounding Doctor. A mentionable _curio_ of authorship on that occasion is this whatever may be the rule now, in those days the degree of D.C.L. involved a three-hours' imprison@ment in@ the pulpit of the Bodleian Chapel, for the candidate to answer therefrom in Latin any theological objectors who might show themselves for that purpose as, however, the chapel was always locked by Dr. Bliss, the registrar, there was never a possibility to make objection. So my three hours of enforced idle@ness obliged me to use pencil and paper, @which@ I happened to have in my pocket,-and I then and there produced my poem on The Dead -to be found at p. 26 of my Miscellaneous Poems, still extant at Gall Inglis's-a long one of eighteen stanzas, much liked by Gladstone amongst others. I didn't intend it certainly, but, as the poem ends with the word bliss, it was ridiculously thought that I had specially alluded to the ################## AND LINCOLN'S INN. Soon after leaving Oxford, and when some attempts to help my speech seemed to be partially successful, my father wished me to take orders, which also from reli@gious motives was my own desire for M'Neile at Albury, and Bulteel at Oxford, had been instruments of good to me, the first since I was 15, the other as a young col@legian and as Earl Rivers, whom my father had finan@cially assisted promised me a living, and a curacy was easy where the mere licence was enough by way of salary, I soon found myself standing for introductory approval before Bishop Burgess at his hotel in Waterloo Place, a candidate for orders by Examination. The good Bishop being a Hebrew scholar was glad enough to hear that I with however slight a smattering had studied that@ primitive tongue under Pusey and Pauli,-and@ I began to hope before his awful presence. But, when he told me to read, and soon perceived my only half-cured infirmity, he faithfully enough assured me with sorrow that I could not be ordained unless I had my speech. So that first and sole interview came to an untimely end for@ soon after, not meaning to give up the struggle at once, I resolved, before my next Episcopal visit, to go down to Blewbury, the vicarage of my friend Mr. Evanson, who had agreed to license me to his curacy, in@ order that by@ reading the lessons in church ############################## test my competency. Of course, I prepared myself specially by diligence, and care, and prayer, to stand this new ordeal. But I failed to please even the indulgent vicar, though he got his curate for nothing, and though his fair daughter amiably welcomed the not ungainly Coelebs and as for the severe old clerk,-he naïvely blurted out, Tell'ee what, sir, it won't do you looks well,-but what means them stops@? A@las@! they meant the rebellion of tongue and lips against every difficult letter, a _t_, or a _p_, or a far too current _s_. And so I came to the wise conclusion that I was not to be a parson. And perhaps it's as well I'm not for my natural combativeness would never have tolerated my bishop or my rector, or even the parish churchwarden, specially in these days of Ritualism and Romanism. I was thus thrown back upon myself and I now see gratefully and humbly how I was being schooled and forced into a mental era of silent thoughtfulness, in after years the seed of several volumes as well as innumerable ballads and poems which have flown as fly-leaves over the world. After this clerical failure, my good father urged me to turn to the law, thinking that as a chamber counsel my intellectual attainments and I had worked hard for many years might yet be available to society and to myself, though on the silent system but alas@! verbal explanations are as necessary in a room as at the bar I soon perceived that all could not be done on paper, and as I thoroughly hated law I speedily turned to other sorts of literature, in especial the fixing of my own rhymed or rhythmed thoughts in black and white. There is a small chamber in the turret of No. 19 Lincoln's Inn Old Square, on the second floor of rooms then belonging to my late friend Thomas Lewin after@wards a Master in Chancery, and well known not only for his Law books, but also for his Life of St. Paul where I used to dream and think and jot down Pro@verbial morsels on odd bits of paper which gradually grew to be a book. Lewin once, I remember, picked up from the wastepaper basket these lines which he admired much, and asked me where they came from@ For that a true philosophy commandeth an innocent life, And the unguilty spirit is lighter than a linnet's heart. They occur in my Essay on Ridicule, first series, so I had to confess as found out. When my book appeared Lewin offered to review it for me in ################# then edited by his friend Mr. Landon, L.@E.@L.'s brother. An unusual rush of business just then coming in to him, and the editor pressing for copy, Lewin begged me to write the Article myself, to which I most reluctantly assented resolving however to be quite impartial. The result was that when I handed the critique to my busy friend, he quickly said after a hurried glance, Why, this won't do at all you have cut yourself up cruelly, instead of praising, as you ought to have done. I must do it myself, I sup@pose. Here, copy out this Opinion for me, if you can read it it's Mr. Brodie's, and I can't. With that he threw my MS. into the wastepaper basket, and I did his work for him, whilst he commended me with @due vigour, and sent his clerk off with a too kind verdict in hot haste to the expectant editor. The mention of Brodie reminds me that I spent a yea@r copying old deeds in his murky chamber, 49 Lincoln's Inn Fields, where nobody could read his hand@writing except his clerk appropriately yclept Inkpen , and when _he_ couldn't it was handed back to Mr. Brodie for exposition, wherein if he himself failed, as was some@times the case, he had to write a new Opinion. Inkpen was a character, as a self-taught entomologist, breeding in me then the rabies of collecting moths and beetles, as a couple of boxes full of such can still prove. He lived at Chelsea, near the Botanical Gardens there and attributed his wonderful finds of strange insects in his own pocket-handkerchief garden to stray caterpillars and flies, c., that came his way from among the packets of foreign plants. He used also to catch small fowl on passengers' coats and blank walls, as he passed on his daily walks to his office and back, having pill-boxes in his pocket, and pins inside his hat to secure the spoil. In the course of years he had amassed butterflies and beetles to so valuable an extent, that when he was compelled by adverse fortune to sell his cabinets by auction at Stevens's, he netted £1200 for his collection this he told me in later years @himself immediately after the sale, he com@menced collecting anew,-and having been made curator of Lincoln's Inn Fields through Mr. Brodie's interest , he soon found an infinity of new insects,-derived per@haps from the Surgeon's Hall Museum, or straying to the nine acres of that Garden,-is it not the area of Cephren's Pyramid@?-as a @refuge for them out of smoky London. The good man always brought a new flower to look at every morning while at desk work it lived in an old inkbottle of water, till one happy day I be@thought me charitably of giving him a pretty China vase,-that good man, I say, is now long since gone to a world of light and beauty-@whence, I am sure, flowers and butterflies cannot be excluded.@@ About the same time this memorable matter may receive a notice. One day at Brodie's chambers we heard a riotous noise in Lincoln's Inn Fields, and run@ning out, I found that the Duke of Wellington, for some political offence, was being mobbed,-and that too on the 18th of June@! He was calmly walking his horse, surrounded by roaring roughs,-a groom being behind him at some distance, but otherwise alone. Disgusted at the scene, I jumped on the steps of Surgeon's Hall, and shouted out-Waterloo, Waterloo@! That one word turned the tide of execrations into cheers, and the Iron Duke passed me silently with a military salute as the mob were thus easily converted mob being, as we conveyancers say, a short form for mobilé , change@able and escorted our@ national hero to his home in safety, I really think the little incident worth recording. We are just now in the throes of such a mobocracy,-and know how much one firm policeman can avail to calm a riot. While speaking of the Duke and Apsley House, let me add here another word of some interest. My uncle, Arthur W. Devis, had painted life-sized por@traits of Blucher and Gneisenau, which his widow had given to me and as the Duke had always been my father's friend, I asked his Grace if he would accept them from me this he declined, but said, get Colnaghi to value them and I'll buy them -as accord@ingly I did, and the pictures are still I presume either at Apsley House or Strathfieldsaye. My small memories of the Great Duke are summed up in these four mono@syllables, plain, blunt, firm, kind. After Brodie's, my liberal father would give for me@ another hundred pounds, this time to his cousin Mr. Walters of No. 12 in the Square, to make me@ more learned as a conveyancer but it was all of no use He penned a stanza when he should engross how@ever, I ate my terms and was duly called to the Bar. At Walters' my most eminent colleague, amongst others, was Roundel Palmer, now Lord Selborne, who, some time after, when we both had chambers in the Inn, wanted me but I repudiated the idea to be proposed as a candidate member for Oxford University, just before Gladstone was induced to stand I daresay he will remember it. As to M.P.ship I may have had other chances, but I never cared for a position of end@less care and toil by night and day, to say nothing of my impediment of speech, and as to the magic letters I rather despised them this being one reason. Not very many years ago my brother Charles was@ offered Nottingham if he would pay £3000 for the honour,-and so I failed to appreciate any such distinction. I think too that votes were at one time purchasable even at Guildford, my county town but that was of course at a less upright and immaculate time of day than this. At Walters' were also three of my cotemporaries,-De Morgan, who had the business after decease of our principal, and whose brother is or was the famous psychological philosopher Domville, since Sir Charles, I believe and Gunn, a West Indian, of whom the jest was to inquire of Walters, a very nervous man, if he liked us to have a gun in chambers all these, and there were more, were clever men and worthy, but as the tide of life flows on I have lost sight of them. I have just found an old letter of my own, dated December 28, 1839, which with my own permission asked and granted I will give as to a matter quite for@gotten by me, viz., that Lady Spencer promised my @father to get me an Indian Writership,-as also that previously I had once hopes of the Registrarship from Lord John Russell, afterwards given to Mr. Lyster. The letter proves how much my no-speech hindered both my good father's efforts and my own -and ex@plains itself. In those days it cost 9d. between Albury and London. My ################# can fully, though not per@haps so fully as you can, e@nter into your great anxieties about your five great boys, and actuated by this sym@pathy I sit down to say a word more about India.-I do @hope you have not yet given Lady Spencer a decisive answer, as the horizon seems a little to clear of its indigenous hurricanes. Since my last letter to you I have, I can truly say, made every effort to speak like a man, but, alasI too unsuccessfully my tongue seems only able to say veto to @the Church, and that speaking is a necessary qualification needs no demonstration. Aunt Fa@nny has strongly recommended me to think more seriously about it, and Mr. M'Neile has also given me @his valuable opinion on the subject, that at least I must inquire what I am more fitted for, and not lightly put aside those opportunities which Providence places in my way. However, I would by no means be hurried in my choice either way I must inquire what is the office of a writer whether oratorical powers be not requisite, c., for as yet I have a very vague and indefinite idea of what I reject or choose. I really do find my impe@diment most truly a grievous impediment to what appears more desirable but I would wish to consider this, as every other constitutional infirmity or affliction, as but an instrument in the hands of God to subserve some@ wise purpose. Let this letter@ therefore, if you please, serve as@ a preventive, if not too late, to your final decision a@bout it, and put me, my dear father, i@n possession of more of the peculiar features, in a writer's employment if you can, I hope to be with you on Friday. Till then, and ever believe me, my dear father, your affectionate son, M.@F. ################################### The day after I took my degree as a barrister, I married my cousin after a nine years' engagement my father having resolved I should not marry without a pro@fession. I did my best at this vocation of the law much against the grain, and actually achieved, with Lewin's help, a voluminous will, and a marriage settlement, with some accessory deeds, procured for me by my mother's friend Mr. Hunt, through one Dangerfield, a solicitor. I have often felt anxious to know how far my conveyancing held water but the thought of Lewin's skill has comforted me-and besides I have never heard a word about it now for half a century. My fee for all was fifty guineas-pretty well for a first and last exploit in the way of law and its rewards. As I am just leaving my father's house for Park Village, and thereafter Albury, here I will insert two little memories of past days when I lived with my parents at No. 5. Here is one. Theodore Hook's famous Berners Street hoax had lately made such exploits very catching among schoolboys-and in my Charterhouse days it was repeated by Punsonby Co. at my father's town-house. On a certain Saturday when I had my weekly holiday at home, I @marvelled to find the street crowded with vans, coal-carts, trucks, a mourning coach, fishmongers, butchers, and confectioners with trays, and a number of servants wanting places. All these were crowding round No. 5, as ordered or advertised for by Mr. Tupper of course soon explained away, and rejected, to a general indignation at the hoaxers. Now, as I had my suspicions, I sat unseen at the front drawing-room window, and watched and as more than once I had noticed P. and his friends pass down the street on the opposite side, I taxed them with their exploit on the Monday and I rather think it cost them not a trifling sum to satisfy that crowd of dis@appointed tradesmen. Happily such practical joking is now long since or ought to be a social outrage of the past Hook's being first had the grace of original humour,-but imitations are dull repetition, not to be excused. I only once met Theodore Hook, and that was in his decadence he looked puffy and only semi-sober but I recollect with how much deference and expectation the livener-up was eagerly surrounded, and how sillily the dupes laughed at every word he uttered, whether humorous or not. For another last memory of No. 5, in the dining-room whereof Lord Sandwich, who had once lived there, is said to have invented sandwiches, I will record this. In those days of long ago, how well I remember our next-door neighbour, old Lady Cork, The Dowager-Countess of Cork and Orrery, as her door-plate pro@claimed, some of whose peculiarities I may mention without offence, as they were notorious and the phy@sicians judged innocent and venial. Whenever she found herself alone and she kept profuse hospitality three or four days a week, with her vast illuminated conservatory full of artificial flowers and grapes and oranges tied on everything , when those famous routs were silent, and dance music no longer kept us awake at night, the little old lady would send in a message, asking neighbour Tupper to give her a dinner to-day -sometimes even coming unannounced. She usually appeared all in white, even to her shoes and bonnet, which latter she would keep on the whole evening the only colour about her being rouged cheeks, sometimes decorated with a piece of white paper cut into the shape of a heart, and stuck on to charm away the tic. Well, her ladyship was always full of society anecdotes and I only wish that her diary may soon be published, as probably a more spicy record of past celebrities than even Pepys's in old times, or Greville's in our own but she is said to have left instructions to her executors not to publish till every one mentioned by her was dead so we must wait till that tontine is over. But the specialty of the aged countess, who died at past ninety but never owned to more than sixty, was a propensity to annex small properties always it hap@pened that next morning after a visit either her butler or her lady's-maid would bring to us a spoon or a fork or a piece of _bric-à-brac_ which she had carried off with her in seeming unconsciousness and as she never inquired for them afterwards, possibly it was so. Let doctors decide. _Requiescat._ The forthcoming memoirs of that once famous and lovely Miss Monckton will be interest@ing indeed, if not over-edited. One of the apparent calamities of my life overruled, as I have long since seen, for good was the before-mentioned affliction of a very bad impediment of speech, which blighted my youth and manhood from fifteen to thirty-five, obliging me to social humiliations of many kinds, to silence in class and on examination occasions hence my written poetries in lieu of spoken prose , and in early manhood preventing me from taking orders, and thereafter from speaking in the law courts. But I was hopelessly and practically a dumb man, except under special excitations, when I could burst into eloquent speech which surprised third per@sons more than myself for when quite alone I could spout like Demosthenes it was only nervous fear that paralysed my tongue. Accordingly, my good father placed me from time to time with well-meaning and well-paid pretenders to make a perfect cure of my afflic@tion, and I did many things and suffered much from such false physicians. I am sure no one can truly say what I can, viz., that in a purposely monotonous note and syllable by ############ a crutch under my chin, and a sort of gag@ on the rebellious tongue, I have read all through in a loud voice Milton's whole Paradise Lost and Regained, and the most of ###################################################### was the sort of tongue-drill and nerve-quieting recommended and enforced for many hours a day, through weary months, by a certain Mr. C., while Dr. P., his successor to the well-named patient, gave, first, emulcents, and then styptics, and was fortunately prevented in time by my father from some surgical experiments on the muscles of lip and tongue@. How@ever, nobody could cure me, until I cured myself rather, let me gratefully and humbly confess, until God answered constant prayer, and granted stronger bodily health, and gave me good success in my literary life, and made me to feel I was equal in speech, as now, to the most fluent of my fellows. So let any stammerer and there are many such take comfort from my cure, and pray against the trouble as I did, and courageously stand up against the multitude to claim before heaven and earth man's proudest prerogative-the privilege of speech. In my Proverbial Essay Of Speaking will be found two contrasted pictures drawn from my own experiences one of the stifled stammerer, the other of the unbridled orator which you can turn to as you will. As, however, some of my old groanings after utterance are not equally accessible, I will here give a few lines of mine from the Stammerer's Complaint, printed in the medical book of one of my Galens - ... And is it not in truth A poisoned sting in every social joy, A thorn that rankles in the writhing flesh, A drop of gall in each domestic sweet, An irritating petty misery,-That I can never look on one I love And speak the fulness of my burning thoughts@? That I can never with unmingled joy Meet a long-loved and long-expected friend Because I feel, but cannot vent my feelings,-Because I know I ought, but must not, speak,-Because I mark his quick impatient eye Striving in kindness to anticipate The word of welcome strangled in its birth@?@@ Is it not sorrow, while I truly love Sweet social converse, to be forced to shun The happy circle, from a nervous sense-An agonising poignant consciousness-That I must stand aloof, nor mingle with The wise and good in rational argument, The young in brilliant quickness of reply, Friendship's ingenuous interchange of mind, Affection's open-hearted sympathies@? @@But feel myself an isolated being, A very wilderness of widowed thought@! All this is only sad stern truth nothing morbid here let any poor stammerer testify to my faithfulness. Amongst others afflicted like myself was Charles Kingsley, whom I knew well at a time when I had overcome my calamity whereas he carried his to the grave with him though he had frequent gleams of a forced and courageous eloquence, preaching energeti@cally in a somewhat artificial voice,-in private he stammered much, as once I used to do, no doubt to his mortification, though humbly acquiescing in God's will. Chess is a chief intellectual resource to the stammerer for therein he can conquer in argument without the toil of speech, and prove himself practically more eloquent@ than the men full of talk whom he so much envies. Accordingly, in days gone by for of late years I have given it up, as too toilsome a recreation I played often at that royal game. In these times it is no game at all,@-but a wearisome if seductive science just as cricket is an artillery combat now, and football a most perilous conflict, and boating breaks the athlete's heart, and billiards can only be played by a bar-spot professional, and tranquil whist itself has developed into a semi-fraudulent system of open rules and secret signs even so the honest common-sense old game of chess has come to be so encumbered with published openings and gam@bits and other parasitic growths upon the wholesome house-plant, that I for one have renounced it, as a pur@suit for which life is too short and serious give me a farce or a story instead , and one moreover in which any fool well up to crammed book games may crow over the wisest of men in an easy, because stereotyped, check@mate. However, in this connection, I recollect a small experience which proves that positive ignorance of famous openings may sometimes be an advantage just as the skilled fencer will be baffled by a brave boor rushing in against rules, and by close encounter unconventionally pinning him straight off. When a youth, just before matriculation, I was a guest at Culham of the good rector there, a chess-player to his own thinking indomi@table, for none of the neighbours could checkmate him so he thought to make quick work of a silent but thought@ful boy-stammerer,-by tempting him at an early period of the game to take, seemingly for nothing but advan@tage, a certain knight his usual dodge, it appeared which would have ensured an ultimate defeat. How@ever, I declined the generous offer, which began to nettle my opponent but when afterwards I refused to answer divers moves by the card as he protested I ought , and finally reduced him to a positive checkmate, he flew into such an unclerical rage that I would not play again his revenge might be too terrible. For another tri@vial chess anecdote a@ very worthy old friend of mine, a rector too, was fond of his game, and of winning it and I remember one evening that his ancient servitor, bringing in the chessboard, whispered to me, Please don't beat him again, sir,-he didn't sleep a wink last night accordingly, after a respectably protracted struggle, some strange oversights were made, and my reverend host came off conqueror so he was enabled to sleep happily. I remember too playing with pegged pieces in a box-board at so strange a place as outside the@ Oxford coach and I think my amiable adversary then was one Wynell Mayow, who has since grown into a great Church dignitary. If he lives, my compliments to him. One of the best private chess-players I used often to encounter,-but almost never to beat, is my old life-friend, Evelyn of Wotton, now the first M.@P. for his own ancestral Deptford. It was to me a triumph only to puzzle his shrewdness, to make him think, as I used to say,-and if ever through his carelessness I managed a stale, or a draw,-very seldom a mate,-that was glory indeed. If he sees this, his memory will@ countersign it. Let so much suffice, as perhaps a not inappropriate word about the Literary Life's frequent mental recrea@tion, especially, where the player is, like Moses, not a man of words. One day, by the by, this text in the original, lo ish devarim anochi Exod. iv. 10 , came to my lot in Pusey's Hebrew class, to my special confusion but every tutor was very considerate and favoured the one who couldn't speak, and Mr. Biscoe in particular used to say when my turn came to read or to answer,- Never mind, Mr. Tupper, I'm sure you know it,-please to go on, Mr. So-and-So. This habitual confidence in my pro@@ficiency had the effect of forcing my consciousness to deserve it and it usually happened that I really did know, silently, like Macaulay's cunning augur, who knew but might not tell. Speaking of recreation, Izaak Walton's joy as a con@templative man has been mine from youth as witness these three fishing sonnets, just found in the faded ink of three or four decades ago, which may give a gleam of country sunshine on a page or two, and would have rejoiced my piscatorial friends Kingsley and Leech in old days, and will not be unacceptable to Attwood Matthews, Cholmondeley Pennell, and the Marstons with their friend Mr. Senior in these. I have had various luck as an angler from Stennis L@ake to the Usk, from Ennis@killen to Killarney, from Isis to Wotton,-and so it would be a pity if I omitted such an authorial charac@teristic especially as my stammering obliged me to study to be quiet. I. @@@@Look, like a village Queen of May, the stream Dances her best before the holiday sun, And still, with musical laugh, goes tripping on Over these golden sands, which brighter gleam To watch her pale-green kirtle flashing fleet Above them, and her ti@nkling silver feet@ That ripple melodies quick,-yo@n circling rise In the calm refluence of this gay cascade Marked an old trout, who shuns the sunny skies, And, nightly prowler, loves the hazel shade Well thrown@!-you hold him bravely,-off he speeds, Now up, now down,-now madly darts about,-Mi@nd, mind your line among those flowering reeds,-How the rod bends,-and hail, tho@u noble trou@@t@! II.@@@ O, thou hast robbed the Nereids, gentle brother, Of some swift fairy messenger behold,-His dappled livery prankt with red and gold Shows him their favourite page just such another Sad Galataea to her Acis sent To teach the new-born fountain how to flow, And track with loving haste the way she went Down the rough rocks, and through the flowery plain, Ev'n to her home where coral branches grow, And where the sea-nymph clasps her love again We the while, terrible as Polypheme, Brandish the lissom rod, and featly try Once more to throw the tempting treacherous fly And win a brace of trophies from the stream. III. Co@me then, coy Zephyr, waft my feathered bait Over this rippling shallow's tiny wave To@ yonder pool, whose calmer eddies lave Some Triton's ambush, where he lies in wait To catch my skipping fly there drop it lightly A rise, by Glaucus!-but he missed the hook,-Another@-safe@! the monarch of the brook, With broadside like a salmon's, gleaming brightly Off let him race, and waste his prowess there The dread of Damocles, a single hair, Will tax my skill to take this fine old trout So,-lead him gently quick, the net, the net! Now gladly lift the glittering beauty out, Hued like a dolphin, sweet as violet. CHAPTER VII. PRIZE POEMS, ETC. In the course of my Oxford career I tried for two New@digate Prize poems, The Suttees and the African Desert, won respectively by Claughton, now Bishop of St. Albans, and Rickards, whose honours of course I ought to know, but don't. A good-looking and well-speaking friend of mine, E.@H. Abney, now a Canon, was so certain that the said prizes in those two successive years were to fall to me, that he learnt my poems by heart in order to recite them as my speech-substitute in the Sheldonian Theatre at Commemoration, and he used frequently to look in upon me to be coached in his recital. It was rumoured that I came second on both occasions,-one of them certainly had a 2 marked on it when returned to me, but I know not who placed it there. However, my pieces were afterwards printed both separately, and among my Ballads and Poems, by Hall and Virtue, and are now before @me. As an impartial and veteran judge of ############# am bold to say they are far better than I thought, and might fairly have won New@digate@ prizes, even as friend Abney Co. were sure they would. At the close of my University career came, of course, the Great Go, which I had to do as I did the Little Go, all on paper for I could not ############# And this rule then, whatever may be the case now, prevented me from going in for honours, though I had read for a first, and hoped at least to get a second. Neither of these, nor even a third class, was technically possible, if I could not stand a two days' ordeal of _vivâ voce_ examination, part of the whole week then exacted. However, I did all at my best on paper, specially the translations from classic poets in verse whereof I'll find a specimen anon. The issue of all was that I was offered an honorary fourth class,-which I refused, as not willing to appear at the bottom of the list of all, alphabetically,-and so my tutor, Mr. Biscoe, not wish@ing to lose the honour for our college, managed to get it transferred to another of his pupils, Mr. Thistle@thwaite, whose father wrote to thank me for this un@expected though not unmerited luck falling to his son. One short presentable piece of verse-making in the schools is as below from Virgil there were also three odes of Horace, a chorus from AEschylus, and more from other @Greek and Latin poets. Sicilian Muses, sing we loftier strains@! The humble tamarisk and woodland plains Delight not all if woods and groves we try, Be the groves worthy of a consul's eye. Told by the Sibyl's song, the 'latter time' Is come, and dispensations roll sublime In new and glorious order spring again With Virgo comes, and Saturn's golden reign. A heavenly band from heaven's bright realm descends, All evil ceases, and all discord ends. Do thou with favouring eye, Lucina chaste, Regard the wondrous babe,-his coming haste,-For under him the iron age shall cease, And the vast world rejoice in golden peace, c. c. I select this bit, famous for being one of the places in Virgil which goes to prove that the Sibylline books to which the Augustan poets had easy access quoted Isaiah's prophecies of Christ and the Millennium. It will be considered that my public versifying was quite extempore, as in fact is common with me. For other college memories in the literary line, I may just men@tion certain brochures or parodies, initialed or anony@mous, whereto I must now plead guilty for the first time reflecting, amongst other topics, on Mont@gomery's Oxford, St. Mary's theology, Mr. Rickard's African Desert, and Garbet's pronounced and rather absurd aestheticism as an examiner. Here are morsels of each in order - Who praises Oxford@?-some small buzzing thing, Some starveling songster on a tiny wing,- _N.B._ They call the insect Bob, I know, I heard a printer's devil call it so -So fondly tells his admiration vast No one can call the chastened strains bombast, Though epitheted substantives immense Claim for each lofty sound the _caret_ ###### c. c. Next, a bit from my Low Church onslaught on S@t. Mary's in the Hampden case, being part of The Oxford Controversy - Though vanquished oft, in falsehood undismayed, Like heretics in flaming vest arrayed Each angry Don lifts high his injured head, Or 'stands between the living and the dead.' Still from St. Mary's pulpit echoes wide Primó, beware of truth, whate'er betide @@Deinde, from deep Charybdis while you steer Lest damned Socinus charm you with his sneer, Watch above all, so not _Saint_ Thomas spake, Lest upon Calvin, Scylla's rook, you break, c. c. These forgotten trivials, wherein the allusions do not now show clear, are, I know, barely excusable even thus curtly but I choose to save a touch or two from annihilation@. Here is another little bit this time from a somewhat vicious parody on my rival Rickard's@ prize poem it is fairest to produce at length first his serious conclusion to the normal fifty-liner, and then my less reverent imitation of it. Here, then, is the end of Rickard's poem - Bright was the doom which snatched her favourite son, Nor came too soon to him whose task was done. Long burned his restless spirit to explore That stream which eye had never tracked before, Whose course, 'tis said, in Western springs begun Flows on eternal to the rising sun@! Though thousand perils seemed to bar his way, And all save him shrunk backward in dismay, Still hope prophetic poured the ardent prayer To reach that stream, though doomed to perish there@@! That prayer was heard by Niger's mystic flood One rapturous day the speechless dreamer stood, Fixt on that stream his glistening eyes he kept,-The sun went down,-the wayworn wanderer slept@! So much for the prize-taker the prize-loser vented his spleen as thus - Bright was the doom that diddled Mungo Park, Yet very palpably obscure and dark. Long burned his throat, for @want of coming @nigh That stream he long'd and pray'd for wistfully, Whose course, 'tis said, that no one can tell where It flows eternal guessing isn't fair. Though miles a thousand had he tramp'd along, And all, save him, were sure that path was wrong, Still hope prophetic poured the ardent prayer He'd find that stream,-if it was anywhere! That prayer was heard, of course, though no one knows Where this said Niger never flowed, or flows All that is known is, that a dreamer stood In speechless transport by a mystic flood, And after fixing on't his glistening eyes, The sun goes down, and so the dreamer dies@! For the fourth promised specimen, the best excuse is that Garbet really did utter the words quoted,-and the answer he received about love is exact, and became famous - 'Didst e'er read Dante!'-Never. 'Cruel man@! Take, take him, Williams,-I-I never can.' _N.B._-Williams was the other examiner. Garbet went on with a further question nevertheless,-as he was affectedly fond of Italian - 'Dost know the language love delights in most@? If thou dost not, thy character is lost.' 'Yes, sir@@!'-the youth retorts with just surprise, 'Love's language is the language of the eyes!' In those days, as perhaps also in these, like Pope, I spake in numbers, verse being almost-well, not @@@quite-easier than prose. In fact, some of my critics have heretofore to my disparagement stumbled on the printed truth that he is little better than a@n improvisa@tore in rhyme. And this word rhyme reminds me now of a very curious question I raised some years after my Oxford days in more than one magazine article, as to when rhyme was invented, and by whom the con@clusion being that intoning monks found out how easily the cases of Latin nouns and tenses of verbs, c., jingled with each other, and that troubadours and trouveres carried thus the seeds of song all over Europe in about the ninth century, until which time rhythm was the only recognised form of versification, rhyme having strangely escaped discovery for more than four thousand years. Is it not a marvel and another marvel that no one noticed it before that not one of the old poets, Hebrew, Greek, Latin, and I think Sanscrit, Arabic, and Celtic too, ever except by manifest accident, now intentionally ignored stumbled upon the good idea of terminating their metres with rhyme@? @@Where is there any ode of Horace, or Anacreon,-where any psalm of David@ any epigram of Martial, any heroic verse of Virgil, or @philosophic argument of Lucretius,-deco@rated, enlivened, and brightened by the now only too frequent ornament of rhyme@?@@ I have just found among my old archived papers, faded by nearly six decades of antiquity, a treatise which I wrote at nineteen, styled by me @@@A Vindication of the Wisdom of Scripture in Matters of Natural Science. This has never seen the light, even in extracts and probably@ never can attain to the dignity of print, seeing @it is written against all compositor law on both sides up and down of a quarto paper book. Therein are treated, from both the scriptural and the scientific points of view, many subjects, of which these are some Cos@mogony, miracles in chief Joshua's sun and moon , the circulation of the blood revealed in Ecclesiastes, mag@netism as mentioned by Job, He spreadeth out the north over the empty space and hangeth the world upon nothing, the blood's innate vitalit@y- which is the life thereof, the earth's centre, or orbit, and inclina@tion, astronomy, spirits, the rainbow, the final con@flagration of our atmosphere to purify the globe, and many other matters terrestrial and celestial. Some day a patient scribe may be found to decipher this decayed manuscript and set out orderly its miscellaneous con@tents. I began it at eighteen, and finished it when at Oxford. There is also now before me another faded copybook of my early Christ Church days containing ninety-one striking parallel passages between Horace and Holy Writ some being very remarkable, as Hor. _S@at._ i. 8, and Isaiah xliv. 13, c., about making a god of a tree whereof he burneth part also such well-known lines as Quid sit futurum eras, fuge quaerere, and Quis scit an adjiciant hodiernae crastina summae Tempora Di superi? -compared with Take no thought for the morrow and @@@Boast not thyself of to-morrow for thou knowest not what a day may bring forth. With many more in fact I collected nearly a hundred out of Horace, besides a few from others of the classics. Carlyle somewhere gives utterance to a truism, which the present scribe at least can most gratefully counter@sign, that it takes a great deal of providence to bring a man to threescore years and ten. Not only are we in peril every time we take breath, both from the action of our own uncertain hearts and from the living germs of poison floating in the air, but from all sorts of outer accidents so-called, whereas they all are well ordered and sure wherewith our little life is compassed from, cradle to grave in truth, trifles seem to rule us the turning this way or that, the casual stopping or hasten@ing hath saved life@ or destroyed it, hath built up or flung down fortunes. Every inch and @every instant, we are guided and guarded, whether we notice it or not the very hairs of our heads are all numbered. Here shall follow@ some personal experiences in proof. Nearly seventy years ago I knew a small schoolboy of seven who accidentally slit his own throat while cutting a slate-frame against his chest with a sharp knife there was a knot in the wood, the knife slipped up, a pinafore was instantaneously covered with blood- though the little semisuicide was unconscious of any pain -thereafter his neck was quickly strapped with diaculum plaister,-and to this day a slight scar ######################################## found on the left side of a@ silvery beard@! Was not this a providential escape? Again-a lively @little urchin in his holiday recklessness ran his head pell-mell blindly against a certain cannon post in Swallow P@assage, leading from Princes Street, Hanover Square, to Oxford Street, and was so damaged as to have been carried home insensible to Burlington Street a little more, the doctors said, and it would have been a case of concussion of the brain. The post is still there to witness if I lie, as Macaulay's Roman ballad has it,-and here grown to twice its height, thank heaven@! am I. Then again, some ten years after, a youth is seen careering on a chestnut horse in Parliament Street, when a runaway butcher's cart cannoned against his shying steed, the @wheel ripping up a saddle-flap, just as the rider had instantaneously shifted his right leg close to the horse's neck! But for that providence, death or a crushed knee was imminent. Yet again, after some twenty years more AEsop Smith was one dark evening creeping up a hill after a hard ride on his grey mare Brenda, when he was aware of two rough men on @the tramp before him, one of whom needlessly crossed over so that they commanded both sides, and soon seemed to be approximating which when AEsop fortunately noticed, with a quick spur into Brenda he flashed by the rascals as they tried to snatch at his bridle and almost knocked them@ over right and left whilst he galloped up the hill followed by their curses was not this an @escape worth being thank@@ful for? Once more the same equestrian has had two perilous dog-cart accidents, noticeable, for these causes viz.-broken ribs, and a crushed@ right hand, have proved to him experimentally how little pain is felt at the moment of a@ wound which will explain the unconscious heroism of common soldiers in battle very little but weakness through loss of blood is ever felt until wounds stiffen further, a blow on the head not only dazes in the present and stupefies further on, but also completely takes away all memory of a past bad quarter of an hour. At least I remembered nothing of how my worst misadventure happened and only know that I crawled home half stunned by moonlight for three miles, @holding both sides together with my hands to enable me to breathe no wonder,-all my elasticity was gone with broken ribs. Though these two accidents cost me, one three months, and the other much longer of a partly bedridden helplessness, were they not good providences to make one gratefu@l? I write my mental thanksgiving with the same healed broken hand. So much of perils by land, by way of sample here are three or four by sea, to match them. Do I not remember how a rash voyager was nearly swept off ############### deck in a storm, when a sudden lurch flung him to cling to the side rail of a then unnetted bulwark, swinging him back again by another lurch right over the yawning waves-like an acrobat@? @@Had I let go, no one would have known of that mystery of the sea,-where and when a certain celebrity then expected in America, had disappeared@! Captain Judki@n after that always had his bulwarks netted so that was a good result of my escape I was the only passenger on deck, a favoured one,-the captain being on his bridge, two men at the wheel in their covered house, the stormy wind all round in a cyclone, and the raging sea beneath,-and so all unseen I had been swept away,-but for good providence. Once again do I not shudderingly recollect how nearly the little Guernsey steamer was run over by an American man-of-war in the Channel, because a tipsy captain would cross the bows of that d-d Yankee -the huge b@lack prow positively hung over us,-and it was a miracle that we were not sunk bodily in the mighty waters. What more@? @@Well, I will here insert an escaped danger that tells its own tale in a sonnet written at the time, the place being Tenby and the sea-anemone caverns there, accessible only at lowest neap tide. An hour of peril in the Lydstep caves Down the steep gorge, grotesquely boulder-piled And tempest-worn, as ocean hurrying wild Up it in thunder breaks and vainly raves,-My haste hath sped me to the rippled sand Where, arching deep, o'erhang on either hand These halls of Amphitrité, echoing clear The ceaseless mournful music of the waves Ten thousand beauteous forms of life are here And long I linger, wandering in and out Among the seaflowers, tapestried about All over those wet walls.-A shout of fear!@@ The tide, the tide@!-I turned and ran for life, And battled stoutly through that billowy strife! Perhaps this is enough of such hairbreadth 'scapes both by land and water though I might in America especially mention @many more. Then there are all manner of the ordinary@ maladies of humanity, which I pretermit. Carlyle was quite right it _does_ require a good deal of providence to come to old ######## there are many other sorts of peril in human life to which I may briefly advert, as we all have had some experiences of the same. Who does not know of his special financial temptation, some sanguine and @un@@@scrupulous speculator urging him from rock to rock across the rapids of ruin, till he is engulfed as by Niagara? Or of the manifestly disinterested and generous capitalist, who gives to some young legatee a junior partner's free arm-chair, only that he may utilise his mo@ney and keep the house solvent for yet a year or two, utterly unheeding that ere long the grateful beneficiaire must be dragged down with his chief to poverty@? @@Or, which of us has not had experience of some unjust will, stealing our rights by evil influence@? Or of the seemingly luckless accident killing off our intending benefactor just before that promised codicil@? @@Or of the ruinous investment@? Or of the bankrupt Life Assurance@? @@Or of the unhappy fact of your autograph, a @mere matter of form, on the back of some dis@honoured bill of one's defaulting friend@? Yet all these are providences too,-lessons of life, and parts of our schools and schoolmasters.@@ And there are many like social evils besides. Let me delicately touch one of them. I desire as@ ######################################## now nearing the close of my career, at least in this the caterpillar and soon to be chrysalis condition of my being, to give my testimony seriously and practically to the fact disputed by too many from their own worse experience that it is quite possible to live from youth to age in many scenes and under many circumstantial difficulties, preserving still through them all the inno@cent purity of childhood. True, the crown of greater knowledge is addedto the Man but although it be a knowledge both of evil and of good, theoretically,-it need not practically be a guilty knowledge. If one of any age, from the youngest to the oldest, has not the power@ of self-control perpetually in exercise, and the good mental help of prayer habitually at hand to be relied on, he is in danger, and may fall into sin or even crime, at any hour, unless the Highest Power intervene. But, if the senses are trained to resist the first inclina@tions to unchastity, by the eye that will not look and the ear that will not listen, then the doors of the mind are kept closed against the enemy, and even hot youth is safe. We live in a co-operative cycle of society and amongst other co-operations are all manner of guilds to encourage, by example, companionship and the like, divers great virtues,@ and some less important fads and fancies of the day let me not be thought to disparage any gatherings for prayer, or temperance, or purity though i@ndividual strong men may not need such con@gregated help as the weaker brethren yearn for. Many a veteran now, changed to good morals from a looser life in the past, may well hope to serve both God and man by preaching purity to the young men around, by vowing them to a white ribbon guild, and giving them the decoration of an ivory cross. But he is apt to forget what young blood is, his own having cooled down apace anon he will find that Nature is not so easily driven ###################### he will soon have to acknow@ledge that if the higher and deeper influences of per@sonal religion, earnest prayer, honest watchfulness, and sincere-though it be but incipient-love of God and desire to imitate Christ, are not chief motives towards the purification of human passion, this brotherhood of a guild may tend to little except self-righteousness, and it will be well if hypocrisy and secret sin does not ac@company that open boastfulness of a White Cross Order. After all said and done, a man-or @woman-or precocious child-must simply take the rules of Christ and Paul, and Solomon, as his guide and guard, by Resisting, Fleeing, Cutting off-metaphorically-the right hand, and putting out the right eye so letting@@@ dis@cretion preserve him and understanding keep him but there is nothing like flight it is easy and speedy, and more a courage than a cowardice. Take a simple instance. Some forty years ago, an author, well-known in both hemi@spheres, then living in London, received by post a pink and scented note from an American Lady, a great ad@mirer of his books, c. c. would he favourher by a call at such an hotel, in such a square? Much flattered he went, and was very gushingly received but when the lady, probably not an American though comely enough to be one , after a profusion of compliments went on to complain of a husband having deserted her, and to throw herself not without tears on the kindness of her favourit@e author, that i@ndividual thought it would be prudent to depart, and so promptly remembering another engage@ment he took up his hat and-fled. He had afterwards reason to be thankful for this escape, as for others. _I, ######## as no doubt you have done, and you will do, for there are many Potipheras ay, and there exist some Josephs too. Other forms of evil in the way of heterodoxy and heresy have assailed your confessor, as is the common case with most other people, whether authors or not. The rashest Atheism or more cowardly Agnosticism are rampant monsters, but have only affected my own spirit into forcing me to think out and to publish my Essay on Probabilities, whereof I shall speak further when my books come under review. But beyond these open foes to one's faith, who has not met with zealous en@thusiasts who urge upon his acceptance under penalty of the worst for all eternity if refused, any amount of strange isms,-Plymouth, Southcote, Swedenborg, Irving, Mormon,-and of the other 272 sects which affect perhaps more truly infect religion in this free land@? I have had many of these attacking me by word or letter on the excuse of my books. Who, if he once weakly gives way to their urgent advice to search and see for himself, will not soon be addled and muddled by all sorts of sophisticaland controversial botherations, if even he is not tempted to accept-for lucre if not godliness-the office@ of bishop, or apostle, or prophet, or anything else too f@reely offered by zealots to new converts, if of notoriety enough to exalt or enrich a sect such sect in every case proclaiming itself the one only true Church, all other sects being nothing but impostors@? We have all encountered such spiritual perils,-and happy may we feel that with whatever faults and failings, there is an orthodox and established form of religion amongst us in the land. For my own part, I go freely to any house of prayer, national or nonconformist, where the Gospel is preached and the preacher is capable all I want is a good man for the good word and work-and if he has the true Spirit in him, I care next to nothing for his orders though to many less independent minds human authorisation may be a necessity. From cradle hymns to the more serious prayings of senility, my own religion in two words is crystallised as Abba, Father my only priest being my Divine Brother and my Friend and Guide through this life and beyond it the Holy Spirit, who unites all the family of God. May I die, as I have lived, in this @simple faith of childhood. My Probabilities has, amongst others apposite, this sentence about the origin of evil, and the usefulness of temptation To our understanding, at least, there was no possible method of illustrating the amiabilities of Goodness and the contrivances of Wisdom but by the infused permission of some physical and moral evils mercy, benevolence, design would in a universe of Best have nothing to do that universe itself would grow stagnant, as incapable of progress and the principal record of God's excellences, the book of redemption, @would have been unwritten. Is not then the existence of evil justified in reason's calculation? and was not such existence an antecedent probability@? CHAPTER X. FADS AND FANCIES. In a recent page I have alluded to sundry fads and fancies of the day, some of greater and others of lesser import, and I have been mixed up in two or three of them. For example -as an undergraduate at Oxford I starved myself in the matter@ of sugar, by way @of somehow discouraging the slave-trade I don't know that either Caesar or Pompey was any the better for my small self-sacrifice but as a trifling fact, I may men@tion that I then followed some of the more straitlaced fashions of Clapham. Also, when in lodgings after my degree, I resolved to leave off meat, bought an immense Cheshire cheese, and, after two months of part-consump@tion thereof, reduced my native strength to such utter weakness as quite to endanger health. So I had to relapse into the old carnality of mutton chops, like other folk such extreme virtue doesn't pay. Of course abstinence from all stimulant has had its hold@ on me heretofore, as it has upon many others,-but, aft@er a persistent six months of only water, my nerve power was so exhausted I was working hard at the time as editor of The Anglo-Saxon, a long extinct magazine that my wise doctor enjoined wine and whisky-of course in moderation and so my fluttering heart soon recovered, and I have been well ever since. Now about temperance, let me say thus muc@h. Of course, I must approve the modern very philanthropic movement, but only in its rational aspect of moderation. In my youth, the pendulum swung towards excess, now its reaction being exactly opposite both extremes to my mind are wrong. And here let me state _valeat quantum_ that I never exceeded in liquor but once in my life that once serving afterwards as a valuable life lesson all through the wine-parties of Christ Church, the abounding hospitalities of America, both North and South, through two long visits-and the genialities of our own Great Britain during my several Reading Tours. If it had not been for that three days' frightful headache when I was a youth in that sense a good providence , I could not have escaped so many generous hosts and seductive beverages. That one departure from sobriety happened thus. My uncle, Colonel Selwyn, just returned from his nine years' command at Graham's Town, South Africa, gave a grand dinner at the Opera Colonnade@ to his friends and relatives, resolved according to the fashion of the time to fill them@ all to the full with generous Bacchus by obligatory toasts, he himself pre@tending to prefer his own bottle of brown sherry,-in fact, dishonest toast and water but that sort of prac@tical joke was also a fashion of the day. The result, of course, was what he desired everybody but himself had too much, whilst his mean sobriety, cruel uncle!@@ enjoyed the calm superiority of temperance over tipsi@ness. However, the lesson to me though never intended as such was most timely,-just as I was entering life to be forewarned by having been for only that once overtaken. I have ever since been thankful for it as a mercy and few have been so favoured how many can truly say, only that once@? @@But I pass on, having a great deal more to write about temperance. On my first visit to America in 1851, all that mighty people indulged freely in strong drinks of the strangest names and most delicious flavours on my second in 1876,-just a quarter of a century after,-there was almost nothing to be got but iced water. Accordingly when I was at Charleston I took up my parable,-and spoke through a local paper as follows I fear the extract is somewhat lengthy, but as an exhaustive argument and the piece, moreover, being unprinted in any of my books , I choose to give it here in full, to be skipped if the reader pleases. It is introduced thus by an editor - In these days of extreme abstinence from wine and spirits, it is refreshing to see what the strong common-sense of an eminent moral philosopher has to say about temperance. We make, then, a longish extract, well-nigh exhaustive of the subject, which occurs in a lecture, entitled 'America Revisited-1851 and 1877,' from the pen of Martin Tupper, explaining itself. The author introduces his poetic essay thus -'Since my former visit to the States twenty-five years ago, few changes are more remarkable than that in the drinking habits of the people formerly it was all for spirituous liquors, and now it is Water, water everywhere, and every drop to drink! The bars are well-nigh deserted, and the entrance-halls of most houses are ostentatiously fur@nished with plated beakers and goblets ensuring an icy welcome in fact, not to be tedious, intemperance has changed front, and excess in water has taken the place of excessin wine.' To an Englishman's judgment the true part of Hamlet in a feast is the more generous fluid, and the ####################### ###################################### some wholesome stimulant to wash them down accordingly, my too outspoken honesty protested thus in print against this form of folly in extremes, and either pleased or offended, as friends or foes might choose to take it. Temperance@? Yes@! true Temperance, yes@! Moderation in all things, the word is express 'Nothing too much@'-Greek, 'Meden Agan So spake Cleobúlus, the Seventh Wise Man And the grand 'golden mean' was shrewd Horace's law, And Solomon's self laid it down for a saw That 'good overmuch' is a possible fault, As meat over-salted is worse for the salt And Chilo, the Stagyrite, Peter, and Paul, Enjoin moderation in all things to all The law to make better this trial-scene, earth, And draw out its strongest of wisdom and worth, By sagely suppressing each evil excess-In feasting, of course, but in fasting no less-In drinking-by all means let no one get drunk-In eating, let none be a gluttonous monk, But everyone feed as becometh a saint, With grateful indulging and wholesome restraint, Not pampering self, as an epicure might, Nor famishing self, the ascetic's delight. But man ever has been, and will be, it seems, Given up to intemperance, prone to extremes The wish of his heart it has always been such Is, give me by all means of all things too much@! In pleasures and honours, in meats, and in drinks, He craves for the most that his coveting thinks To wallow in sensual Lucullus's sty, Or stand like the starving Stylités on high, To be free from all churches and worship alone, Or chain'd to the feet of a priest on a throne, To be rich as a Rothschild, and dozens beside, Or poor as St. Francis in all things but pride , With appetite starved as a Faquir's, poor wretch@! Or appetite fattened to luxury's stretch Denouncing good meats, on lentils he fares, Denouncing good wine, by water he swears-In all things excessive his folly withstands The wise moderation that Scripture commands. This vice of excess is no foible of mine, Though liking and needing a glass of good wine, To help the digestion, to quicken the heart, And loosen the tongue for its eloquent part, But never once yielding one jot to excess, Nor weakly consenting the least to transgress. For let no intolerant bigot pretend My Temperance Muse would excuse or defend, As Martial or tipsy Anacreon might, An orgy of Bacchus, the drunkard's delight No! rational use is the sermon I'm preaching, Eschewing abuse as the text of my teaching. Old Pindar says slyly, that 'Water is best ' When pure as Bandusia, this may be confest. But water so often is troubled with fleas And queer little monsters the microscope sees Is sometimes so muddy, and sometimes so mixt With poisons and gases, both fixt and unfixt, And seems so connected with juvenile pills-A thought which the mind with unpleasantness fills-That really one asks, is it safe to imbibe So freely the live animalcula tribe, Unkilled and uncooked with a little wine sauce Poured in, or of whisky@ or brandy a toss-And gulp a cold draught of the colic, instead Of something to warm both the heart and the head@? That Jotham-first-fable, the bramble and vine, Piles up to a climax the praise of good wine@@ For in Judges we read-look it up, as you can-'It cheereth the heart, both of God and of man ' And everywhere lightness, and brightness, and health, Gild the true temperance texts with their wealth, Giving strong drink to the ready to perish, And heavy-heartedness joyingto cherish. What is wanted-and let some Good Templar invent it, Damaging drunkenness, nigh to prevent it, Is a drink that is nice, warm, pleasant, and pale, Delicious as 'cakes,' and seductive as 'ale,' Like 'ginger that's hot in the mouth' and won't hurt you, As old Falstaff winks it, in spite of your virtue A temperate stimulant cup, to displace Pipes, hasheesh, and opium, and all that bad race Cheap as pure water and free as fresh air-Oh, where shall we find such a beverage-wher@e? No wine for the pure or the wise-so some teach-Abstinence utter for all and for each, Total denial of every right use, Because some bad fools the good creature abuse@! As well might one vow not to warm at a fire, Nor give the least rein to a lawful desire, Because some have recklessly burnt down their houses, Because the rogue cheats, or the reveller carouses@! I see not the logic, the rational logic, Conclusive to@ me, coherent and cogic, That since some poor sot in his folly exceeds, I must starve out my likings, and stint out my needs. Am I _that_ brother's keeper? He is not an Abel, Is strange to my roof, and no guest at my table I know not his mates, we are not near each other, He swills in the pothouse, that dissolute brother@!-But there's your example?-The drunkards can't see it, And if they are told of it, scorn it and flee it Example@?-Your children@!-No doubt it is right To be to the@m always a law and a light But moderate temperance is the vise way To form them, and hinder their going astray Whereas utter abstinence proves itself vain, And drunkards flare up because good men abstain. The law of reaction is stringent and strong, A youth ######### is sure to go wrong, For the pendulum swings with a multiplied force When sloped from its even legitimate course. I have known-who has not@?-that a profligate son Has been through his fanatic father undone@@ Restrained till the night of free licence arrives, And then he breaks out to the wreck of two lives@! A fierce water-fever just now is red-hot @@Drink water, or perish, thou slave and thou sot@! Drink water alone, and drink more, and drink much-But, liquors or wines@? Not a taste, not @a touch@! Yet, is not this fever a fervour of thrift@?@ It is wine you denounce, but its cost is your drift@@ The times are so hard and the wines are so bad For good at low prices are not to be had ,@ That forthwith society shrewdly shouts high For water alone, the whole abstinence cry@! And, somehow supposed suggestive of heaven, The cup of cold water is generously given, But a glass of good wine is an obsolete thing, And will be till trade is once more in full swing@! I hint not hypocrisy many are true, They preach what they practise, they say-and they do, And used from their boyhood to only cold water, Enjoin nothing better on wife, son, and daughter @@But surely with some it is merely for thrift, That they out off the wine, and with water make shift, Although they profess the self-sacrifice made As dread of intemperance makes them afraid. And so, like a helmsman too quick with his tiller, Eschewing Charybdis they steer upon Scylla, To perish of utter intemperance-Yes@! The victims of water consumed to excess. To conclude The first miracle, wonder Divine, Wasn't wine changed to water, but water to wine, That wine of the Kingdom, the water of life Transmuted, with every new excellence rife, The wine to make glad both body and soul, To cheer up the sad, and make the sick whole. And when the Redeemer was seen among men, He drank with the sinners and publicans then, Exemplar of Temperance, yea, to the sot, In use of good wine, but abusing it not@! We dare not pretend to do better than He But follow the Master, as servants made free To touch, taste, and handle, to use, not abuse, All good to receive, but all ill to refuse@! It is thus the true Christian with temperance lives, Giving God thanks for the wine that He gives. I once heard Mr. Gough, the temperance lecturer it was at the Brooklyn Concert Hall in 1877. A hand@some and eloquent man, his life is well known, and that his domestic experiences have made him the good apostle he is. I remember how well he turned off the argument against himself as to the miracle of the marriage-feast in Cana of Galilee Yes, certainly, drink as much wine made of water as you can. It was a witty quip, but is no reply to that miracle of hospitality. _Apropos_,-I do not know whether or not the following anecdote can be fathered on Mr. Gough, but it is too good to be lost, especially as it bears upon the fate of a poor old friend of mine in past days who was fatally a victim to total abstinence. The story goes that a teetotal lecturer, in order to give his audience ocular proof of the poisonous character of alcohol, first magnifies the horrible denizens of stagnant water by his microscope, and then triumph@antly kills them all by a drop or two of brandy@! As if this did not prove the wholesomeness of _eau de vie_ in such cases. If, for example, my poor friend above, the eminent Dr. Hodgkin of Bedford Square, had followed his companion's example, the still more eminent Moses Montefiore, by mixing water far too full of life with the brandy that killed them for him, he would not have died miserably in Palestine, eaten of worms as Herod was@! Another such instance I may here mention. When I visited the cemetery of Savannah, Florida, in company with an American cousin, I noticed it graven on the marble slab of a relation of ours, a Confederate officer, to the effect that he died faithful to his temperance principles, refusing to the last the alcohol wherewith the doctor wanted to have saved his life! Such obstinate teetotalism, I said at the time, is criminally suicidal. Whereat my lady cousin was horrified, for she regarded her brother as a martyr@. I cannot help quoting here part of a letter just re@ceived from an excellent young clergyman, who had been reading my Temperance, quite, to the point. After some compliments he says, I need scarcely say I entirely agree with the scope and arguments of this vigorous poem. Nothing is more clear, and increasingly so, to my own perception than the terrible tendency of modern human nature to run into extremes quoting some lines . Your reference to 'thrift' is especially true. I have often smiled at the pious fervour with which the heads of large families with small incomes have embraced teetotalism@! I have long thought that the motto '_in ################## in it far more of ########### is dreamt of in most people's philosophy, and that the age of rampant@ total abstinence is the@ age of special falseness. Of course, the evils of drunkenness can scarcely be exaggerated,-and yet they can be and are so when they are spoken of as equal to the evils of dishonesty the former is indeed brutal, but the latter is devilish, and far more effectually destroys the souls of men than the former. Nevertheless in our poor money-grubbing land, the creeping paralysis of tricks of trade, c., is thought little of and the shopman who has just sold a third-rate article for a first-class price goes home with respectable self-complacency and glances with holy horror at the man who reels past him in the street. I desire to say this with reverence and caution. For we all need the restraining influences of the blessed Spirit of God, as well as the atonement and example of His dear Son. But when we see the present tendency to anathematise open profligacy, and to ignore the hid@den Pharisaism the very opposite to our Lord's own course , and the subtle lying of the day, it seems as if those who ponder sadly over it ought to speak out. Doubtless, there are many more fads and fancies, many other sorts of perils and trials that might be spoken of as an author's or @any other man's exp@eriences but I will pass on. SACRA POESIS AND GERALDINE. With the exception of Rough Rhymes, my first Con@tinental Journal as aforesaid, and a song or two, and a few juvenile poems, my first appearance in print, the creator of a real bound volume though of the smallest size was as author of a booklet called Sacra Poesis consisting of seventy-five little poems illustrative of@ engravings or drawings of sacred subjects, and intended to accompany a sort of pious album which I wished to give to my then future wife. Most of it was composed in my teens, though it found no technical compositor of a printing sort until I was twenty-two in 1832 , when Nisbet published the pretty little 24@mo, with a picture by myself of Hope's Anchor on the title. The booklet is now very rare, and a hundred years hence may be a treasure to some bibliomaniac. Of its con@tents, speaking critically of what I wrote between fifty and sixty years ago, some, of the pieces have not been equalled by me since, and are still to be found among my Miscellaneous Poems but, many are feeble@ and faulty. Some of the reviews before me received the new poetaster with kindly appreciation some with sneers and due disparage@ment,-much as Byron's Hours of Idleness had been treated not very many years before though another cause for hatred and contempt ############################# in my case, namely this Ever since youth and now to my old age I have been exposed to the _odium theologicum_, the strife always raging between Protes@tant and Papist, Low Church and High, Waldo and Dominic, Ulster and Connaught hence to this hour the frequent rancour against me and my writings excited by sundry hostile partisans. My next volume was Geraldine and other Poems, published by Joseph Rickerby in 1838. The origin thereof was this,-as I now extract it from my earliest literary notebook - In August 1838 I was at Dover, and from a library read for the first time Coleridge's Christabel it was the original edition, before the author's afterward im@provements. Being much taken with the poem, the thought struck me to continue it to a probable issue, especially as I wanted a leading subject for a new volume of miscellaneous verse. The notion was barren till I got to Heine Bay a fortnight after, and then I put pen to paper and finished the tale. It occupied me about eight days, an innocent fact which divers dull Zoili have been much offended withal, seeing that Coleridge had thought proper to bring out his two Parts at a sixteen years' interval a matter doubtless attributable either to accident or indolence,-for to imagine that he was diligently polishing his verses the whole time as some blockheads will have it would indeed be a verification ##################### theory. The fact is, these things are done at a heat, as every poet knows. Pegasus@ is a racer, not a cart-horse Euterpe trips it like the hare, while dogged criticism is the tortoise, c. The book had a fair success, both here and in America, and has been many times reprinted. Critiques of course were various, for and against the shuttlecock of fame re@quires conflicting battledores @but, as I now again quote from that early notebook, It is amusing to notice, and instructive also to any young author who may chance to see this, how thoroughly opposite many of the reviews are, some extolling what others vilify it just tends to keep a sensible man of his own opinion, unmoved by such seemingly unreasonable praise or censure. When Coleridge first published Christabel intrinsically a most melodious and sweet performance it was positively hooted by the critics see in particular the _Edinburgh Review_. Coleridge left behind him a very much im@proved and enlarged version of the poem, which I did not see till years after I had written the sequel to it my Geraldine was composed for an addition to Christa@bel, as originally issued. Another note of mine, in reply to a critic of _The Atlas_, runs thus Nobody who has not tried it can imagine the difficulties of intellectual imitation it is to think with another's mind, to speak with another's tongue I acknowledge freely that I never was satisfied@ with Geraldine as a mere continuation of a story, but as an independent poem, I will yet be the champion of my child, and think with ################# I have succeeded as well as possible as honest Pickwick says, 'And let my enemies make the most of@ it.' At this time of day@ it is not worth my while by any modern replies to attempt to quench such long extinct volcanoes as 'The Conserva@tive' and 'The Torch,' nor to reproduce sundry glorifica@tions of the new poet and his verses @from many other notices, long or short, duly pasted down for future generations in my Archive-book. As to critical verdicts in this case, black and white are not more contradictory _e.g._, let ######### be contrasted with the ############### ## the _Church of England Quarterly_ with the ############## c. c. It is a pity at least the author of sold-out volumes may be forgiven for the sentiment that most of my books are not to be bought they are not in the market and are only purchasable at old-literature stores, such as Reeves' or Bickers' some day, I hope to find a pub@lisher spirited enough to risk money in a ten-volumed Edition of my Prose and Poetry complete, c. but in the past and present, the subscription system per Mudie and Smith, buying up whole editions at cost price whereby to satiate the reading public, starves at once both author and publisher, and makes impossible these expensive crown octavo editions, which no gentleman's library ought to be without. Some of the beat smaller pieces in my Geraldine and other Poems will be found in Gall Inglis's Miscellaneous Tupper before mentioned but my two Oxford Prize Poems, The African Desert and The Suttees, are printed only in the Geraldi@ne volume. Anecdotes innumerable I could tell, if any cared to hear them, connected with each of my books, as friends or foes have @commented upon me and mine in either @hemisphere. In this place I cannot help recording one, as it led to fortunate results. In 1839 I was travelling outside the Oxford coach to Alma Mater, and a gentle@man, arrayed as for an archery party with bow and quiver, climbed up at Windsor for a seat beside me. He seemed very joyous and excited, and broke out to me with this ########################################################### whom he asked the amiable query. But when I went on with the second verse, he opened his eyes wider and wider as I added Of course, discovery of the author was unavoidable so we collided and coalesced, and I rejoiced to find in this Angel unaware no less a celebrity than John Hughes of Donnington Priory, father of the still greater celebrity then a youth Tom Hughes of Rugby and Tom Brown's Schooldays. Some time after I spent several pleasant days at his fine old place in Berks, and made happy acquaintance with the brightest old lady I ever met, his mother, who had known Burns and Byron and Scott as also with his pleasant good wife and her clever sons, one of whom, in the ripeness of time, married a then charming little girl, the heiress-ward of my host, and since well appreciated in society as a ########## wife also to one famous for a Rugby ################################################## bright Each humble flower adorn, With coronets bedight, And jewel the rough thorn With tiny globes of light,-How beautiful is morn@! Her scattered gems how bright@! ########################################################################################## mirth There is a mine of treasure In those hours of health, Filling up the measure Of creation's wealth! ################################################## of Wilts, and now full-fledged county judgeship. These excellent friendships survive many long years and will be transplanted elsewhere hereafter. All this grew from a casual encounter outside a coach but such is life what we call accidents are all providences, and we are guided inch by inch and minute by minute. Tom Hughes succeeded as a county judge in Yorkshire my old schoolfellow, St. John Yates, mentioned on a recent page in connection with Andrew Irvine's turkeycock irascibility. Watch little providences if indeed Or less there be, or greater, in the sight Of Him who governs all by day and night, And sees the forest hidden in the seed Of all that happens take thou reverent heed, For seen in true Religion's happier light Though not unknown of Reason's placid creed All things are ordered all by orbits move, Having precursors, satellites, and signs, Whereby the mind not doubtfully divines What is the will of Him who rules above, And takes for guidance those paternal hints That all is well, that thou art led by Love, And in thy travel trackest old footprints. CHAPTER XII. PROVERBIAL PHILOSOPHY. And this may well be a fitting place wherein to record the origin, progress, and after long years the full com@pletion of what is manifestly my chief authorial work in life, Proverbial Philosophy. To ensure accuracy, and not leave all the details to oftentimes unfaithful memory, I will give a few extracts from a brief ac@count of the book, set down in 1838, at the beginning of Volume I. of My Literary Heirloom, now grown to many volumes, containing newspaper cuttings, anec@dotes, and letters and scraps of all sorts relating to my numerous works. In the year 1828, when under Mr. Holt's roof at Albury anno aetatis meae 18 , I bethought myself, for the special use and behoof of my cousin Isabella, who seven years after became my wife, that I would tran@scribe my notions on the holy estate of matrimony a letter was too light, and a formal essay too heavy, and I didn't care to versify my thoughts, so I resolved tocon@vey them in the manner of Solomon's Proverbs or the 'Wisdom' of Jesus the Son of Sirach and I did so,-successively, in the Articles first on Marriage, then @Love, then Friendship, and fourthly on Educationon several other pieces growing afterwards. Whilst at Albu@ry, my cousin showed some@ of these to our rector, Hugh M'Neile, who warmly praised them, and recom@mended their publication but, regarding them as pri@vate and personal, I would not hear of it, and in fact it was nine years before they saw print thus literally, though I meant it not then, exemplifying the Horatian advice, 'nonumque premantur in annum.' However, one day in August 1838, Mr. Stebbing, whose chapel, in the@ Hampstead Road I used to attend when living at Gothic Cottage, Regent's Park, in my first yea@rs of marriage, visiting me and urging me to write something for the ######### which he was then editing, I was induced to show him these earliest essays but I de@clined to _give_ them to him, whereat he was angered @@perhaps the rather in that I objected to piecemeal pub@lication, possibly also casting some reproach as the fashion of the day then was upon magazine and jour@nalistic literature generally. That I made an enemy of him was evidenced by a spiteful little notice in the ######### of April 21st three months after my first series was published stating that it was 'a book not likely to please beyond the circle of a@ few minds as eccentric as the author's.' The same false friend ex@cluded me altogether from any notice in ####################### he had some literary influence. To this day these reviews have been my foes, which I regret. Still, Mr. Stebbing did me substantial good he praised the idea as 'new, because a resuscitation of what was very old,'-and as of my own origination in these latter days, and as a good vehicle for thoughts on many matters and he promised his valuable assistance to a young author's fame,-performing as above. So, after a@ last interview with him a@t his house, wherein I con@clusively refused him, I wrote my Preface at once, jotting down as I recollect at the street corner post opposite Hampstead Road Chapel on the back of an old letter my opening paragraph,- 'Thoughts that have ta@rried in my mind, and peopled its inner chambers,' c., c.@@@ In ten weeks from that day I had my first series ready,-supposing it then all I should ever write -the same assurance of a final end having been my delusion at the close of each of my four series. My first pub@lisher was Rickerby of Abchurch Lane, who produced a beautifully printed small folio volume with ornamental initials, and now very scarce it came to a second edition, but brought me no money,-and the third edition failing to sell, it was in great part sent to America where N.@P. Willis finding a copy, fancied the book that of some forgotten author of the Elizabethan era, and quoted it week after week in a periodical of his, _The Home Journal_, as such years afterwards, when he@ met me in London, he was scared to find that one whom he had thought dead three hundred years was still alive and juvenile and ruddy. It might be thought indelicate in me to quote at length the many pleasant greetings of the press to my first odd volumes suffice it to say, that the kind critics were with few exceptions unanimous in commendation @@and some great names, as Heraud, Leigh Hunt, and St. John particularly favoured me,-the latter prophesying a tenth edition but I must still condescend to pick out at the end of this paper a few of the plums of praise wherewith my early publication was indulged, if only to please the numerous admirers of my chief 'lifework.' One comfort is that no one of my reviewers all my life through has ever been bought or rewarded. @As to th@@e less fulsome style of criticism, I was supposed by the _Spectator_ to have 'written in hexameters,'-as if David or Solomon had ever imitated Homer or some more ancient predecessor of his and the _Sun_ fancied that I had 'culled from Erasmus, Bacon, Franklin, and Saavedra,' whereas I was totally ignorant of their wis@doms Saavedra I have since learned is Cervantes. The _Sunday Times_ finds 'Proverbial Philosophy' 'very like Dodsley's Economy of Human Life, ' but I may say I never saw that neat little book of maxims till my brother Dan gave it to me fourteen years after my Philosophy was public property I am also by this critic supposed to have 'imitated the Gulistan or Bostan of Saadi,'-whereof I need not profess my total ignorance how@ever, the writer kindly says of me, 'if he fail to make himself heard, the fault will be rather in the public than in him.' The ############ propounds that 'a book like this would make a man's fortune in the East, but we are afraid that philosophy in proverbs has no great chance in the West we should recommend the author to get it translated into Arabic.' I have since heard that some of it has been. Let this be enough as to those first fruits of criticism, which might be extended to satiety but I decline to become inebriated with the exuberance of my own verbosity, as Beaconsfield has it about Gladstone. To carry on the story of my old book, its second series was due to Harrison Ainsworth, at all events instrumentally. For, just as he was establishing his special magazine, he asked me to help him with a con@tribution in the style of that @then new popularity, my Proverbs. This I sturdily declined for in my young days, it was thought u@ngentlemanlike to write in magazines, though dukes, archbishops, and premiers do so now even authorship for money was thought vulgar but, when there greeted me at home a parcel of well-bound books as a gift from the author, being all that were then extant of Ainsworth's, was so taken aback by his kindly munificence that I somewhat penitentially responded thereto by an impromptu chap@ter on Gifts, wherewith I made the quarrel up and he was delighted one or two others following. How@ever, I was too quick and too impatient to wait for piecemeal publication month by month,-seeing I soon had my second series ready and so, leaving Rickerby@ as an unfruitful publisher though, as will soon appear, he produced other books for me I went to Hatchards with whom I had a long and prosperous career-receiving annually from £500 to @£800 a year, and in the aggregate having benefited both them and myself-for we shared equally-by something like, £10,000 a piece. But in the course of time, the old grandfather and the father of the house, excellent men both, went severally to the Better Land, and I had published other books elsewhere, as @will be seen, anon and, amongst other things, Mr. Bertrand Payne, who represented the respectable poetic house of Moxon, desired to include me in his Beauties of the Poets, and in order to that, having previously obtained license both from me and Messrs. Hall Virtue to select specimens of my lyrics for his volume, asked me to let him add a few bits of Proverbial to this I willingly assented, but found myself repulsed by the temporary chief at Hatchards'-lately a subordinate-@@with a direct refusal to permit any portion of my book, of which they had a three years' lease then nearly out, to be included in the specimen volume until, the whole remainder copies were sold off. Mr. Payne on that immediately bought all they had, writing a cheque of £900 in pay@ment down,-whereof I got one-half, as I should have done if sold at Hatchards'. I then of course went equitably over to Moxon's,-and not long after published my third series with that house, at Mr. Payne's suggestion and solicitation it was not a financial success, any more than others in that quarter @but I was paid by having my later thoughts on topics of the day so handsomely published at no cost of mine. The house of Moxon having its reverses,-and a fourth and final series of Proverbial Philosophy having grown up meanwhile, I concluded to go to Ward Lock, that my four series might for wider circulation be all included in one cheap volume, beautifully got up, and with them I have since had some small success for though the royalty is only about a penny a volume, the numbers licensed have been an edition of 20,000 succeeded in the course of years by another of 30,000@@ and I still leave the book with them so far as that cheap issue is concerned. As, however, I desired to meet the wish of many friends and others of the public who often asked for a handsomer form, suggesting a reproduction of Hatchards' quarto, with additional illustrations for the new matter, I applied to Cassell, and made arrangements to have the whole four series issued piecemeal in weekly or monthly parts, so as to meet as Cassell's manager suggested a certain demand from the middle and artisan class seeing that the aristocracy and gentry had bought the whole volume so freely, but sixpenny parts in a wider field might bring on a new sale. I did not then @know that Cassell's had numerous serials already on hand, and that many of them were unremunerative and so I was a little surprised and vexed to find that my book was after all to appear as a whole and not in numbers, and that at a higher price, half-a-guinea, in these cheap times quite prohibitive, I protested vainly as to this as I did also at the unsatisfactory character of the illustrations to the third and fourth series, promised to be equal to Hatchards' first and second, which had cost £2000 but Cassell's additions were cheaply and insufficiently supplied by old German plates, adapted as much as might be@ to my words for illustration. This manifest inferiority of the last half of the volume, as well as @its too great price, stopped the sale,-and after a time with a high hand all the copies were sold off by auction, to the loss of both publisher and author. As I had supplied gratis the plates of Hatchards' edition, buying up the half not mine and giving the other, I found myself thus mulcted in a large sum, for which I have only to show in return about a hundredweight of wood-blocks and stereotypes -which may be bought by any publisher at bargain price. Altogether the whole affair was unsatisfactory and disappointing. Individuals may be genial, honest, and considerate, but a company or a partnership simply looks to the hardest bargain in the shrewdest way. Of all this I'll complain, vainly enough, no more. In their several places, many anecdotes about Pro@verbial Philosophy shall duly appear I may mention one or two now, as timely. When that good old man, Grandfather Hatchard, more than an octogenaria@n, first saw me, he placed his hand on my dark hair and said with tears in his eyes, You will thank G@od for this book when your head co@mes to be as white as mine. Let me gratefully acknowledge that he was a true prophet. When I was writing the concluding essay of the first series, my father not quite such a prophet as old Hatchard exhorted me to burn it, as his ambition was to make a lawyer of me, the Church idea having failed from my stammering, and he had very little confidence, as a man of the world, in poetry bringing fortune. However, it did not get burnt,@ though I had some diffi@culty in persuading him to let me get it printed instead. The dear good man lived to bless me for it, especially for my@ essay on Immortality, which I know affected him seriously, and he gave me £2000 as a gift in consequence. As I may@ have been only too faithfully frank in men@tioning this curious literary anecdote,-which, as known to others, I could scarcely have suppressed,-it is only fair to the memory of my dear and honoured father that I should here produce one of his very few letters to me, just found among my archives and bearing upon this same subject. It was written to me at Brighton, and is dated Laura House, Southampton, October 16, 1842 ############################ that I could say, or any praise that I could give respecting your last volume would, in my estimation, fall very far short indeed of its merits. I shall therefore merely say that I look upon your chapter upon Immortality, not only as a most exquisite specimen of fine, sound, and learned composition, but as combating in the most satisfactory manner ############### infidelity, almost perfect. I only hope that you may receive the just tribute of the literary community your own feelings as the author of that chapter must be very enviable. God bless you, dearest, dearest Martin.-Believe me, ever your@ affec@tionate father and sincere friend, Martin Tupper. I need not say that these are ############## and that I here insert the letter in full, as the warmest and most honourable palinode I could have received from a man so usually reserved and reticent as was my revered and excellent father. The brother of my friend Benjamin Nightingale to be more spoken of hereafter was so fascinated with the book that he copied it all out in his own handwriting, word for word, and was jocularly accused of pretending to its authorship. I once met an enthusiast who knew both the two first series by heart,-and certainly he went on wherever I tried to pose him from the open volume,@-my own memory being far less faithful. Similarly my more recent friend William Hawkes claims to have read the whole book sixty times whereof this im@promptu of mine is a sort of half proof -_Impromptu_. Sixty times, you tell me, friend, You've read my books from end to end. Perhaps not all my myriad rhymes, But all my rhythmics sixty times. Yes, friend, for I have heard you quote My old Proverbials by rote Page after page, and anywher@e Have heard you spout them then and there, Though I myself had quite forgot @@What I ### writ, and you had not. Well, author surely never more Was complimented so before For though I knew in years long past An amiable enthusiast, Who copied out in his MS. My whole Proverbial, as for press, Two more strange anecdotes may here find their place others will occur elsewhere in this volume here@after respecting Proverbial Philosophy. Joseph Durham, the sculptor, a great friend of mine, had been known to me for some years, and one day he gave me a curious little book, very ancient and dingy-looking, entitled Politeuphuia, Wits' Commonwealth London,@@@ 1667 with this explanation, that he had picked it up at an old bookstal@l,@ and, finding it was written somewhat in proverbs gave it to me, adding, in his shrewd way, the humorous fancy@ that until he had read it and couldn't discover a line or thought of exact similarity possibly he might have checkmated me by showing me the mine from which I had dug my wisdoms@! As I have before me a memorandum pasted into the booklet itself it is a minute duodecimo I will here quote exactly what I wrote in it a@t the time the date being Albury House, May 24, 1865 - This little book has just been given to me by Durham it is very scarce, so much so that the British Museum, he says, does not possess a copy probably there are not six in the world. I never saw it, nor heard Until he half believed that he Was the real Simon M.@F.@T.,-Yet thou, my worthy William Hawkes, Hast beaten Nightingale by chalks,-And, years ago, your friends for fame Have given you Martin Tapper's name, Because you constantly were heard Quoting Proverbial word for word@! So then, by heart, as by the pen, 'I live upon the mouths of men,' Ev'n as Ennius lived of old, A life worth more than gems or gold. ##################################### after the publication of my Proverbial Philosophy. It is a curious coincidence that the headings of this Wits' Miscellany are similar to my own as Of so and so throughout I first wrote On so and so but did not like the sound, and remembering it would be De in Latin, altered it to Of. The treat@ment also of the subjects has some apparent similitude but in looking all through the book, it is strange that not one line, not one phrase, is the same as any of mine. Travelling on the same@ road, and in somewhat of the same proverbial rhythm, this is very curious whilst it certainly acquits me of even unintended and unconscious plagiarism. The headings begin of God, of Heaven, of Angels, c.,-and then of vertue, of peace, of truth, c., and afterwards of love, of jealousie, of hate, of beauty, of flattery,@ c., c.,-all being aphoristic quotations from ancient authors. As before stated, the whole was unseen by me until nearly thirty years after I had pub@lished my independent essays on @the same theses much in a similar key. This is a parallel@ case to the recent statement in a printed book with characteristic illustrations respecting the non-originality of Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress and Milton's Paradise Lost has been similarly disparaged, Mr. Plummer Ward having writte@n and shown to me a pamphlet by himself to prove that some Italian poem seen by Milton in youth preceded him on the same lines -while Mr. G@eikie quotes from the Anglo-Saxo@n Caedmon papers nearly ide@ntical with some in Paradise Lost. But there is no end to assertions of this sort, impugning authorial honesty and originality when authors write on the same topics and with much the same stock of words and ideas both religious and educational, it is only a marvel that the thoughts and writings of men do not oftener collide, and seem to be plagiaristic reproductions. I have spoken of all this at length, that if any one hereafter finds this Politeuphuia in the British Museum which is welcome to have my copy if it lacks one , and years hence accuses my innocence of having stolen from it, he may know that I have thus taken the bull by the horns and twisted him over. The last anecdote I shall now inflict upon my reader in this connection is as follows -One James Orton, an American gentleman whom I have never seen that I know of unless by possibility in some one of the crowds met anonymously, before whom I may have read in public was kind enough many years ago to publish a beautifully printed and illustrated volume The Proverbialist and the Poet, whereof he sent me two copies but lacking his address, probably with the delicate object of preventing an acknowledgment and I am almost ashamed to state that his whole book in different inks combines the threefold wisdoms of King Solomon, William Shakes@peare, and Martin Tupper the title-page being decorated in colours with views of the Temple, Strat@ford-on-Avon, and Albury House@! If I ventured@ to quote the Preface, it would beat even this as the climax of fulsome flattery, and I think that my friends of the Comic Press who have done me so much@ service by keeping up my shuttlecock with their battledores, and so much honour by placing me prominently a@mong the defamed worthies of the world, would in their charity@ for they have some pity the victim of such ex@cruciating praise, if he failed hereby to repudiate it. Not but that poor human nature delights in adulation. I well remember the joy wherewith I first greeted the following from a@ Cincinnati paper so hearty too, and generous, and@ obviously sincere. The author of this book will rank, we are free to say, with the very first spirits of the British world. It will live, in our judgment, as long as the English language, and be a text-book of wisdom to the young of all genera@tions of America and England both. We would rather be the author of it, than hold any civil or ecclesiastical office in the globe. We would rather leave it as a legacy to our@ children, than the richest estate ever owned by man. From our heart we@ thank the young author for this precious gift, and, could our @voice reach him, would pronounce a shower of heartfelt blessings on his soul. When we began to read it with our editorial pencil in hand, we undertook to mark its beautiful passages, should we find any worthy of distinction but, having read to our satisfaction-indeed to our amazement@-we throw down the pencil, and, had we as much space as admiration, we would quote the whole of it. It is one solid, sparkling, priceless gem. I may as well add a few more such extracts, as strictly within the text of@@ My Lifework. The author of 'Proverbial Philosophy' is a writer in whom beautiful extremes meet,-the richness of the Orient, and the strength of the Occident-the stern virtue of the North and the passion of the South. At times his genius seems to possess creative power, and to open to our gaze things new and glorious, of which we have never dreamed then again it seems like sunlight, its province not to create, but to vivify and glorify what before was within and around us. Aspirations, fancies, beliefs we have long folded in our hearts as dear and sacred things, yet never had the power or the courage to reveal, bloom out as naturally in his pages as wild flowers when the blossoming time is come. We are not so much struck by the grandeur of his conceptions, or fascinated by the elegance of his diction, as warmed, ennobled, and delighted by the glow of his enthusiasm, the purity of his principles, and the continuous gushing forth of his tenderness. His words form an electric chain, along which he @sends his own soul, thrilling around the wide circle of his readers. ################################### no writer has attracted a greater degree of public attention, or received a larger share of public praise, during the last few years, than Martin F. Tupper,-a man of whom England may well be proud, and whose name will eventually be one of the very noblest on the scroll of #################### Everybody knows the 'Proverbial Philosophy' of Martin Tupper a@ million and a half of copies-so, publishers say-have been sold in America. ################### of genius, rich in thought, admirable in its reli@gious tone and beautiful language. ######################## of gold set in pictures of silver' is the most apposite apophthegm we can apply to the entire work. We have rarelymet a volume@ so grateful to the taste in all its parts, so rich in its simplicity, so unique in its arrangements, and so perfect in all that constitutes the perfection of style, as the volume before us. It must live like immortal seed, to produce a continual harvest of pro@fitable ########################################### No one can glance at this work without perceiving that @it is produced by the inspiration of genius. It is full of glorious thoughts, @each of which might be expanded into a treatise. ########### We cannot express the intense interest and delight with which we have perused 'Proverbial #################### Evangelist_. The 'Proverbial Philosophy' has struck with almost miraculous force and effect upon the minds and hearts of a large class of American readers, and has at once rendered its author's na@me and character famous and familiar in our country. It abounds in gems and apt allusions, which display without an effort the deep pra@c@tical views and the aesthetical culture of the author. ######################## all this suffice for America a few from this side of the Atlantic may be added @@- Were we to say all we think of the nobleness of the thoughts, of the beauty and virtuousness of the senti@ments contained in this volume, we should be con@strained to write a lengthened eulogium on ################# Martin Farquhar Tupper has won for himself the vacant throne waiting for him amidst the immortals, and after a long and glorious term of popularity among those who know when their hearts are touched, without being able to justify their taste to their intellect, has been adopted by the suffrage of mankind and the final decree of publishers into the same rank with Words@worth, Tennyson, and Browning. ########## a @book easily understood, and repaying the reader on everypage with sentiments true to experie@nce, and expressed oft@en with surprising ###################### of the most thoughtful, brilliant, and finished productions of the age. -_Banner of the Cross_. For poetic imagery, for brightness of thought, for clear and striking views of all the interests and conditions of man, this work has been pronounced by the English and American press as ####################### principal work of Martin Farquhar Tupper, 'Proverbial Philosophy,' is instinct with the spirit of genial hopeful love and to this mainly should be attri@@buted the vast amount of sympathetic admiration it has attracted, not only in this country, but also in the United States.sh Review_. We congratulate ourselves, for the sake of our land's language, on this noble addition to her stock of what Dr. Johnson justly esteems 'the highest order of learn@ing.' If Mr. Tupper be not the high priest of his profession, he is at least no undignified @minister of the altar. The spirit of a noble hope animates the exercise of his high ###################### know not whether Mr. Tupper, when he was pouring forth the contents of these glorious volumes, intended to write prose or poetry but if his object was the former, his end has not been accomplished. 'Pro@verbial Philosophy' is poetry assuredly poetry exqui@site, almost beyond the bounds of fancy to conceive, brimmed with noble thoughts, and studded with@ heaven@ward ################################# 'Proverbial Philosophy,' which first established Mr. Tupper's reputation, is a work of standard@ excel@lence. It has met with@ unprecedented success, and many large editions of it have been sold. It led to the author's being elected a @Fellow @of the Royal Society and the King of Prussia, in token of his Majesty's high approbation of the work, sent him the gold medal for science and literature. -_Glasgow Examiner_. This book is like a collection of miniature paintings on ivory, small, beautiful, highly finished, and hetero@geneous in style something between prose and verse not so rigid as to fetter the thought, not so free as to exclude absolute distinctness, with the turn and phrase of ###################### There is more novelty in the sentiments, a greater sweep of subjects, and a finer sense of moral beauty displayed by Mr. Tupper, than we remember to have seen in any work of its class, excepting of course the @'Proverbs of Solomon.' We also discover in his 'Philosophy' the stores of extensive reading, and the in@disputable proofs of habitual and devout reflection, as well as the workings of an elegant ############# Have we not now done enough to show that a poet of power and of promise,-a poet and philosopher both-is amongst us to delight and instruct, to elevate and to ###################### This work glows and glitters all over with the effluence and lustre of a fine imagination, and is steeped in the rich hues and pervading beauty of a mild wisdom, and a genial and kindly morality. -_Scots ###### The 'Proverbial Philosophy' contains much sound reflection, moral and religious maxims of the highest im@portance, elegant figures and allusions, sound and serious observations of life,-all expressed in most appropriate and well-selected language. ################ One of the most original and curious productions ofour ######## A book as full@ of sweetness as a honeycomb, of gentleness as woman's heart in its wisdom worthy the disciple of a Solomon, in its genius the child of a @@Milton. Every page, nay almost every line, teems with evidences of profound thinking and various reading, and the pictures it often presents to our mind are the most imaginative and beautiful that can possibly be conceived.Court Journal_. If men delight to read Tupper both in England and America, why should they not study him both in the nineteenth century and in the twentieth@? The judg@ment of persons who are more or less free from insular p@rejudices is said in some degree to anticipate that which is admitted to be the conclusive verdict of ######################## popularity of the 'Proverbial Philosophy' of Martin Tupper is a gratifying and healthy symptom of the present taste in literature, the book being full of lessons of wisdom and piety, conveyed in a style start@ling at first by its novelty, but irresistibly pleasing by its earnestness and ######################### Mr. Mill, Mr. Herbert Spencer, Mr. Browning, Mr. Morris, Mr. Rossetti-all these writers have a wider audience in America than in England. So too has Mr. Tupper. The imagination staggers in attempting to@ realise the number of copies of his works which have been published abroad. Unlike most of his contemporaries, further, he has conquered popularity in both hemispheres@. He has won the suffrages of two great nations. He may now disregard ########################## sonnet, written and published in 1837, nearly half a century ago, explains itself and may fairly co@me in here as a protest and prophecy by a then young author. And, ######## if hyper-criticism objects that a sonnet must always be a fourteen-liner this being one only of twelve I reply that it is sometimes of sixteen, as in the@ one by Dante to Madonna, @which I have translated in my Modern Pyramid and there are instances of twelve, as one at least of Shakespeare's in his Passionate Pilgrim. But this is a small technicality. _To my ############################## Publication._ My soul's own son, dear image of my mind, I would not without blessing send thee forth Into the bleak wide world, whose voice unkind Perchance will mock at thee as nothing worth For the cold critic's jealous eye may find In all thy purposed good little but ill, May taunt thy simple garb as quaintly wrought, And praise thee for no more than the small skill Of masquing as thine own another's thought What then? count envious sneers as less than nought Fair is thine aim,-and having done thy best, So, thus I bless thee yea, thou shalt be blest@! There were also two others afterward, in the jubilate vein but I spare my reader, albeit they are curiously prophetic of the wide good-doing since accomplished. To the above numerous commendations which indeed might be indefinitely extended, it is only fair to add that Proverbial Philosophy has run the gauntlet of both hemispheres also in the way of@ parody, ridicule, plagiaristic imitation, and in some instances of envious and malignant condemnation. It has won on each side both praise from the good and censure from the b@ad our co@mic papers have amused us with its tra@vesties-as Church Liturgies and Holy Writ have been similarly parodied,-and some of the modern writers who are unfriendly to #################### have done their small endeavour to damage both the book and its author through adverse criticism. But their efforts are vain. They have availed only to advance-from first to last now for some forty-five years-the world-wide success of Proverbial Philosophy. If it is expected, as a matter of impartiality, that I should here print adverse criticisms as well as those which are favourable, I simply decline to be so foolish a caricature impresses where a portrait is forgotten the _litera scripta_ in printer's ink remains and is quotable for ever, and I do not think it worth while deliberately to traduce myself and my book children by adopting the opinions of dyspeptic scribes who will find how well I think of them in my Proverbial Essay Zoilism which, by the way, I read at St. Andrews, before some chiefs of that university, with A.@K.@H.@B. in the chair. Accordingly, I prefer now to appear one-sided, as a piece of common sense quite i@ndifferent to the charge of@ vain-gloriousness all the good verdicts quoted are genuine, absolutely unpaid and unrewarded, and are matters of sincere and skilled opinion so being such I prize them the opposing judgments-much fewer, and far less hearty, as willing to wound and yet afraid to strike -may as well perish out of @memory by being ignored and neglected. Here is a social anecdote to illustrate what I mean. I once knew a foolish young nobleman of the highest rank who-to spite his younger brother as@ he fancied-posted him up in his club for having called him a maggot and all he got for his pains in this exposure was that the name stuck to him@self for life!e! so it is not necessary to borrow fame's trumpet to proclaim one's few dispraises. Moreover, I have thought it only just to the many unseen lovers of Proverbial Philosophy to show them how heartily their good opinions have been counter@signed and sanctioned all over the English-speaking world by critics of many schools and almost all denomi@nations. It is not then from personal vanity that so much laudation is exhibited God wot, I have reason to denounce and renounce self-seeking -but rather to gratify and corroborate innumerable book friends. If there had been International Copyright in the more halcyon days of my Proverbial popularity, when, as reported see the _New York World_ on p. 124 , a million and a half copies of my book were consumed in America, I should have been materially rewarded by a royalty of something like a hundred thousand pounds but the bare fact is that all I have ever received from my Trans@atlantic booksellers in the way of money has been some @£80 three thousand dollars which Herman Hooker of Philadelphia gave me for the exclusive privilege-so far as I could grant it-of being my publisher. For aught else, I have nothing to complain of in the way of praise, however profitless, of kindliness, however well ap@preciated, and of boundless hospitality, however fairly reimbursed at the time by the val@uable presence of a foreign celebrity. No doubt the public are benefited by the cheapness of books unprotected by copyright, and the author, @if he wins no royalty, gains by fame and pleasure but the absence of a copyright law is a great mistake,-as well as an injustice to the authorship of both nations, by starving the literature of@ each other, American publishers will not sufficiently pay their own native bookwrights when they can appropriate their neighbours' works for nothing and ours in England pro@bably enriched themselves as vastly and cheaply by Mrs. Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin as many among the thirty-three States by Proverbial Philosophy. As my handsome quarto Proverbial has been for two generations a common gift-book for weddings, and has more than once appeared among the gifts at royal marriages, it is small wonder that I have often been greeted by old-and young-married couples as having been a sort of spiritual Cupid on such occasions. Fre@quently at my readings and elsewhere ladies thitherto unknown have claimed me as their unseen friend, and some have feelingly acknowledged that my Love and Marriage both written in my teens were the turn@ing-points of their lives and causes of their happiness. These lines will meet the eyes of some who will acknow@ledge their truth, and possibly if they like it may write and tell me so some of my warmest friendships have originated in grateful letters of a similar character. It may also be worthy of mention that on this side of the Atlantic as well as on@ the other see especially the case of N.@P. Willis it has often been taken for granted that the author of Proverbial Philosophy has been dead for generations. No doubt this is due both to the antique style of the book and to the retiring habits of its au@thor comparatively few of my readers know me by sight. I could mention many proofs of this belief in my non-existence here is one a daughter of mine is asked lately by an eminent person if she is a descen@dant of the celebrated Elizabethan author? and when that individual in passing round the room came near to @the Professor, and was introduced to him as her father, the man could scarcely be @brought to believe that his long-departed book friend was positively alive before him. The Professor looked as if he had seen a ghost. Throughout this volume I wish my courteous readers to bear in mind that the writer excludes from it as much as possible the strictly private and personal element it is intended to be mainly authorial or on matters there@with connected. Moreover, if they will considerately take in@to account that as a youth and until middle age I was, from the speech-impediment since overcome, isolated from the gaieties of society, as also that I religiously abstained from theatricals at a time before Macready, who has since purified them into a very fair school of morals,-to say less of having been engaged in marriage from seventeen to twenty-five,-I can have for example no love adventures to offer for amusement, nor any dramatic anecdotes such as Ruskin might supply. The autobiography of Benvenuto Cellini is full of enter@taining and highly coloured incidents which could not be possible to one rather of the Huguenot stamp than that of the Cavalier, and so I cannot compete therewith as to any of the spicier records of hot youth@ for which indeed let me be thankful.@ If then my reader finds me less lively than he had-shall I say uncharitably@?-hoped for,@ let him take into account that, to quote the splendid but sensuous phrase of Swinburne,@ I have always been stupidly prone@ to prefer the lilies and languors of virtue to the roses and raptures of vice. I will now proceed with the self-imposed duty of @re@cording my authorial@ performances. CHAPTER XIII. A MODERN PYRAMID. In 1839, Rickerby was again my publisher the new book being A Modern Pyramid to Commemorate a Septuagint of Worthies. In this volume, commencing with Abel, and ending with Felix Neff, I have greeted both in verse and prose threescore and ten of the Excel@@@lent of the earth. Probably the best thing in it is the Vision Introductory and, as the book has been long out of print, I will produce it here as an interesting flight of fancy, albeit somewhat of a long one. If an author can be accounted a fair judge of his own writings, this is my best effort in the imaginative line and as it is no new brain-child we always love the last baby best , but was written little short of fifty years ago, the impartial opinion of an old judge is probably a correct one. The sun-dial is still in my garden,-and as I stood by it half a century since, there grew up to my mind's eye this Vision - I was walking in my garden at noon and I came to the sun-dial, where, shutting my book, I leaned upon the pedestal, musing so the thin shadow pointed to twelve. @@@Of a sudden, I felt a warm sweet breath upon my cheek, and, starting up, in much wonder beheld a face of the most bewitching beauty close beside me, gazing on the dial it was only a face and with ear@nest fear I leaned, steadfastly watching its strange loveliness. Soon, it looked into me with its fascinating eyes, and said mournfully, 'Dost thou not know me?'-but I was speechless with astonishment then it said, 'Con@sider '-with that, my mind rushed into me like a flood, and I looked, and considered, and speedily vague outlines shaped about, mingled with floating gossamers of colour, until I was aware that a glorious living Creature was growing to my knowledge. So I looked resolutely on her for she wore the garb of woman , gazing still as she grew and again she said mildly, 'Consider '-then I noted that from her jewelled girdle upwards, all was gorgeous, glistening, and most beautiful her white vest was rarely worked with living flowers, but brighter and sweeter than those of earth flowing tresses, blacker than the shadows cast by the bursting of a meteor, and, like them, brilliantly interwoven with strings of light, fell in clusters on her fair bosom her lips were curled with the expression of majestic triumph, yet wreathed winningly with flicker@ing smiles and the lustre of her terrible eyes, like suns flashing darkness, did bewilder me and blind my reason -@Then I veiled mine eyes with my clasped hands but again she said, 'Consider '-and bending all my mind to the hazard, I encountered with calmness their steady radiance, although they burned into my brain. Bound about her sable locks was as it were a chaplet of fire@@ her right hand held a double-edged sword of most strange workmanship, for the one edge was of keen steel, and the other as@ it were the strip of@ a peacock's feather on the face of the air about her were phantoms of winged horses, and of racking-wheels and from her@ glossy shoulders waved and quivered large dazzling wings of iridescent colours, most glorious to look upon. So grew she slowly to my knowledge and as I stood gazing in a rapture, again she muttered sternly,-'Consider!'-Then I looked below the girdle upon her flowing robes and behold they were of dismal hue, and on the changing surface fluttered fearful visions I dis@cerned blood-spots on them, and ghastly eyes glaring from the darker folds, and, when these rustled, were heard stifled meanings, and smothered shrieks as of horror and I noted that she stood upon a wreath of lightnings, that darted about like a nest of young snakes in the midst of a sullen cloud, black, palpable, and rolling in@wards as thick smoke from a furnace. Then said she again to me, 'Dost thou not know me?'-and I answered her,-'O Wonder, terrible in thy beauty, thy fairness have I seen in dreams, and have guessed with a trembling spirit that thou walkest among fears are thou not that dread Power, whom the childre@n of men have named Imagination?'-And she smiled sweetly upon me, saying, 'Yea, my son ' and her smile fell upon my@ heart like the sun on roses, till I grew bold in my love and said, @'O Wonder, I would learn of thee show me some strange sight, that I may worship thy fair majesty in secret.' Then she stood like a goddess and a queen, and stretching forth her arm, white as the snow and glitter@ing with circlets, slowly beckoned with her sword to the points of the dial. There was a @distant rushing sound, and I saw white clouds afar off dropping suddenly and together from the @blue firmament all round me in a circle and they fell to the earth, and rolled onwards, fearfully converging to where I stood@ and they came on, on, on, like the galloping cavalry of heaven pour@ing in on all sides as huge cataracts of foam and shutting me out from the green social world with the awful curtains of the skies.-Then, as my heart was fail@ing me for fear, @and for looking at those inevitable strange oncomings, and the fixt eyes of my queenlike mistress, I sent reason from his throne on my brow to speak with it calmly, and took courage. So stood I alone with that dread beauty by the dial, and the white rolling wall of cloud came on slowly around with suppressed thunderings, and the island of earth on which I stood grew smaller and smaller every moment, and the garden-flowers faded away, and the familiar shrubs disappeared, until the moving bases of those cold mist-mountains were fixed at my very feet. Then said to me the glorious Power, standing in stature as a giant,-'Co@me! why tarriest thou@? Co@me!'-and instantly there rushed up to us a huge golden throne of light filigree-work, borne upon seven pinions, whereof each was fledged above with feathers fair and white, but underneath they were ribbed batlike, and fringed with black down and all around fluttered beautiful winged faces, mingled and disporting with grotesque figures and hideous imps. Then she mounted in her pomp the steps of the throne, and sat therein proudly. Again she said to me, 'Co@me!'-and I@ feared her, for her voice was terrible so I threw myself down on the lowest of the seven golden steps, and the border of her dark@ robe touched me. @Then was I full of dread, hemmed about with horrors, and the pinions rustled together, and we rushed upward like a flame, and the hurricane hastened after us my heart was as a frozen autumn-leafquivering in my bosom, and I looked up for help and pity from the mighty @Power on her throne but she spurned me with her black-sandalled foot, and I was thrust from my dizzy seat, and in falling clutched at the silver net-work that lay upon the steps as a carpet,-and so I hung my hands were stiffly crooked in the meshes like eagle's talons, my wrists were bursting, the bones of my body ached, and I heard the chill whisper of Death who came flitting up to me as a sheeted ghost bidding my poor heart be still yet I would live on, I would cling on, though swinging fearfully from that up-rushing throne for my mind was unsubdued, and my reason would not die, but rebelled against his mandate. And so the pinions flapped away, the dreadful cavalcade of clouds followed, @we broke the waterspout, raced the whirlwind, hunted the thunder to his caverns, rushed through the light and wind-tost mountains of the snow, pierced with a crash the thick sea of ice, that like a globe of hollow glass separates earth and its atmosphere from superambient@ space, and flying forward through the airless void, lighted on another world. Then triumphed my reason, for I stood on that silent shore, fearless though alone, and boldly upbraided the dread Power that had brought me thither,-'Trait@ress, thou hast not conquered my mind is still thy master, and if the weaker body failed me, it hath been filled with new energies in these quickening skies @I am immortal as thou art yet shalt thou fear me, and heed my biddings wherefore hast thou dared-?' but my wrathful@ eye looked on her bewitching beauty, and I had no tongue to chide, as she said in the sobriety of loveliness,-'My son, have I not answered thy prayer@? yet but@ in part behold, I have good store of precious things to show thee ' with that, she kissed my brow, and I fell into an ecstasy. I perceived that I was come to the kingdom of disem@bodied spirits, and they crowded around me as around some strange creature, clustering with earnest looks, perchance to inquire of me somewhat from the world I had just left. Although impalpable, and moving through each other, transparent and half-in@visible, each wore the outward shape and seeming garments he had mostly been known by upon earth and my reason whispered me, this is so, until the resurrection the seen material form is the last idea which each one hath given to the world, but the glorified body of each shall be as diverse from this, yet being the same, as the gorgeous tulip from its brown bulb, the bird of paradise from his spotted egg, or the spreading beech from the hard nut that had imprisoned it.-Then Imagination stood with me as an equal friend, and spake to@ me soothingly, saying, @'Knowest thou any of these?'-and I answered, 'Millions upon millions, a widespread inundation of shadowy forms, from martyred Abel to the still-born babe of this hour I behold the gathered dead millions upon millions, like the leaves of the western forests, like the blades of grass upon the prairie, they are here crowding innumerable yet should my spirit know some among them, as having held sweet con@verse with their minds in books only this boon, sweet mistress, from@ yonder mingled harvest of the dead, in grace cull me mine intimates, that I may see them even with my bodily eyes.' So she smiled, and waved her fair hand and at once, a few, a very few, not all worthiest, not all best, came nearer to me with looks of love and I knew them e@ach one, for I had met and somewhile walked with each of them in the paths of meditation and so@me appeared less beatified than others, and some even meanly clad as in garments all of earth, yet I loved them more than the remainder of that crowded world, though not equally, nor yet all for merit, but in that I had sympathy with these as my friends. And each spake kindly to me in his tongue, so that I stood entranced by the language of the spirits. Then said my bright-winged guide, 'Hast thou no word for each of these? they love thy greeting, and would hear thee.' But I answered, 'Alas, beautiful Power, I know but the language of earth, and my heart is cold, and I am slow of tongue@ how should I worthily address these great ones?'-So with her finger she touched my lips, and in an inspiration I spake the language of spirits, where the thoughts are as incense to the mind, and the words winged music to the ear, and the heart is dissolved into streams of joy, as hail that hath wandered to the tropics in sweetness I communed with@ them all, and paid my debt of thanks. And behold, a strange thing, changing the aspect of my vision. It appeared to me, in that dreamy dimness, whereof the judgment inquireth not and reason hath no power to rebuke it, that while I was still speaking unto those great ones, the several greetings I had poured forth in my fervour,-being as it were flowinglava from the volcano of my heart,-became e@mbodied into mighty cubes of crystal and in the midst of each one severally flickered its spiritual song, like a soul, in characters of fire. So I looked in admiration on that fashioning of thoughts, and while I looked, behold, the shining masses did shape up, growing of themselves into a fair pyramid and I saw that its eastern foot was shrouded in@ a mist, and the hither western foot stood out clear and well defined, and the topstone in the middle was more glorious than the rest, and inscribed with a name that might not be uttered for whereas all the remainder had seemed to be earthborn, mounting step by step as the self-built pile grew wondrously, this only had appeared to drop from above, neither had I welcomed@@ the name it bore in that land of spirits nevertheless, I had per@ceived the footmarks of Him, with whose name it was engraved, even on the golden sands of that bright world, and had worshipped them in silence with a welcome. Thus then stood before me the majestic pyramid of crystal, full of characters flashing heavenly praise and I@ gloried in it as mine own building, hailing the architect proudly, @and I grew familiar with those high things, for my mind i@n its folly was lifted up, and look@ing on my guide, I said, 'O Lady@ were it not ill, I would tell my brethren on earth of these strange matters, and of thy favour, and of the love all these @have shown me yea, and I would recount their greetings and mine in that sweet language of the spirits.'-But the glorious Wonder drew back majestic with a frown, saying, 'Not so, presumptuous child of man@ the things I have shown thee, and the greetings thou hast heard, and the songs wherewith I filled thee, cannot worthily be told in other than the language of spirits and where is the alphabet of men that can fix that unearthly tongue,-or how shouldst thou from henceforth, or thy fellows upon earth, attain to its delicate conceptions? behold, all these thine intimates are wroth with thee they dis@cern evil upon thy soul the place of their sojourn is too pure for thee.' Then was there a peal of thunder, like@ the bursting of a world, whereupon all that restless sea of shadows, and their bright abode, va@nished suddenly and there ensued a flood of darkness, peopled with shoaling fears, and I heard the approach of hurrying sounds, with demoniac laughter, and shouts coming as for me, nearer and louder, saying, 'Cast out! Cast out@!' and it rushed up to me like an unseen army, and I fled for life before it, until I came to the extreme edge of that spiritual world, where, as I ran looking backwards for terror at those viewless hunters, I leaped horribly over the un@@guarded cliff, and fell whirling, whirling, whirling, until my senses failed me- When I came to myself, I was by the sun-dial in my garden, leaning upon the pedestal, and the thin shadow still pointed to twelve. In astonishment, I ran hastily to my chamber, and strove to remember the strains I had heard. But, alas@! they had all passed away scarcely one disjointed note of that rare music lingered in my memory I was awakened from a vivid dream, whereof the morning remembered nothing. Nevertheless, I toiled on, a rebel against that fearful Power, and deprived of her wonted aid my songs, invitâ Minervâ, are but bald translations of those heavenly welcomings my humble pyramid, far from being the visioned apotheosis of that of a Cephren, bears an unambitious likeness to the meaner Asychian, the characteristic of which, barring its presumptuous motto, must be veiled in one word from Herodotus 2-136 ,-alas! for the bathos of translation, the ######################## up of mud.' Was not Rome lutea as well@ as@ marmorea? and is not beautiful Paris anciently Lutetia, @with its tile-sheds for Tuileries, and@ a Bourbe-bonne for its Sovereign? All these sonnets, with others, were published by me elsewhere, as I state further on. The volume also contains some of my less faulty translations, as from Sappho, AEschylus, Pythagoras, Virgil, Horace, Dante, Petrarch, c. And here I will give a chance specimen out of my Septuagint of Worthies, to each one of whom I have appropriated a page or two of explanatory prose besides his@ fourteen lines of poetry. Take my sonnet on Sylva Evelyn - Wotton, fair Wotton, thine ancestral hall, Thy green fresh meadows, coursed by ductile streams, That ripple joyous in the noonday beams, Leaping adown the frequent waterfall, Thy princely forest, and calm slumbering lake Are hallowed spots and classic precincts all For in thy terraced walks and beechen grove The gentle, generous Evelyn wont to rove, Peace-lover, who of nature's garden spake From cedars to the hyssop on the wall@! O righteous spirit, fall'n on evil times, Thy loyal zeal and learned piety Blest all around thee, wept thy country's crimes, And taught the world how Christians live and die. The sonnet is a form of metrical composition which has been habitual with me, as my volume Three Hundred Sonnets will go to prove and I have written quite a hundred more. The best always come at a burst, spontaneously and as it were inspirationally. A laboured sonnet is a dull piece of artificial rhyming, and as it springs not from the heart of the writer, fails to reach th@e heart@ of the reader. If the metal does not flow out quick and hot, there @never can be a sharp casting@. Good sonnets are crystals of the heart and mind, perfect from beginning to end, and are only unpopular where poetasters make a carnal toil of@ them instead of finding them a spiritual pleasure. But one who knows his theme may write reams about sonneteer@ing for instance, see that striking article on Shakes@peare's sonnets in a ################ was it a ############## Charles Mackay, himself one of our literary worthiest, who has so well worked through a long life for his country and his kind my best regards to him. His discovery, or rather ingenious hypothesis, quite new to me, is, that some of the one hundred and fifty-four in that collection are by other writ@ers than Shakes@peare, though falsely printed under his name, and that some more though by him were written imperson@ately in the characters of Essex and Elizabeth which would account for an awkward confusion of the sexes hitherto inexplicable. Mackay thinks that the pub@lisher included any sonnets by others which he thought worthy of the great bard, as if they were his, and so caused the injurious and wrong appropriation most of them are exquisite, and many undoubtedly Shakes@peare's some I have said probably by another hand. Critical@ly speaking too, not one of all the one hundred and fifty-four is of the conventional and elaborate fourteen-liner sort, with complicated rhymes buteach is a@ lyrical gem of three four-line stanzas closed by a distich. Milton's eighteen are all of the more arti@ficial Petrarchian sort which Wordsworth has diligently made his model in more than four hundred instances of very various degrees in @merit. As I am writing a short memoir of my books, I may state that my own small quarto of sonnets grew out of the Modern Pyramid. CHAPTER XIV. AN AUTHOR'S MIND PROBABILITIES. My next book, published by Bentley in 1841, is in some sort a psychological curiosity,-its title being An Author's Mind, the Book of Title-pages and when I add that it contains in succession sketches of thirty-four new brain-children, all struggling together for exit from my occiput, it may be imagined how impelled I was to write them all down fixt, however briefly, in black and white in order to get rid of them. The book is printed as edited by me whereas I wrote every word of it, but ha@d not then the courage to say so, as certain things therein might well have offended some folks, and I did not wish that. I think I will give here a bit of the prefatory Ramble, to show how the emptying out of my thought-box must have been a most wholesome, a most necessary relief - Now, reader, one little preliminary parley with you about myself. Here beginneth the trouble of authorship, but it is a trouble causing ease ease from thoughts, thoughts, thoughts, which never cease to make one's head ache till they are fixed on paper ease from dreams by night and reveries by day thronging up in crowds behind, like Deucalion@'s children, or a serried host in front, like Jason's instant army , harassing the brain, and struggling for birth, a separate existence, a definite @@life,-ease, in a cessation of that continuous internal hum of aerial forget-me-nots, clamouring to be recorded. O happy unimaginable vacancy of mind, to whistle as you walk for want of thought@! O mental holiday, now as impossible to me as to take a true schoolboy's interest in rounders and prisoner's base@! An author's mind,-and remember always, friend, I write in character, so judge not as egotistic vanity merely the well playing of my _rôle_,-such a mind is not a sheet of smooth wax, but a magic stone indented with fluttering inscriptions,-no empty tenement, but a barn stored to bursting-it is a painful pressure, constraining to write for comfort'st'@s sake,-an appetite craving to be satisfied, as well as a@ power to be exerted,-an impetus that longs to get away, rather than a dormant dynamic-thrice have I let me confess it poured forth the alleviating volume as an author, a real author, real, because, for very peace of mind, involuntary,-but still the vessel fills,-still the indigenous crop springs up, choking a better harvest, seeds of foreign growth,-still these Lernaean necks sprout again, claiming with many mouths to explain, amuse, suggest, and controvert, to publish invention, @and proscribe error. Truly it were enviable@ to @be less apprehensive, less retentive,-to be fitted with a colander-mind, like that penal cask which forty-nine Danaïdes might not keep from leaking to be, some@times at least, suffered for a holiday to ramble brainless in the paradise of fools. Memory, imagination, zeal, perceptions of men and things, equally with rank and riches, have often cost their full price, as many mad have known they take too much out of a man, fret, wear, worry him,-to be irritable is the conditional tax laid of old upon an author's intellect the crowd of internal imagery makes him hasty, quick, nervous, as a haunted, hunted man-minds of coarser web heed not how small a thorn rends one of so delicate a texture,-they cannot estimate the wish that a duller sword were in a tougher scabbard,-the river, not content with channel and restraining banks, overflows perpetually,-the extortionate exacting armies of the ideal and the causal persecute MY spirit, and I would make a patriot stand at once to vanquish the invaders of my peace. I write these things only to be quit of them, and not to let the crowd increase,-I have conceived a plan to destroy them all, as Jehu and Elijah with the priests of Baal I feel Malthusian among my mental nurslings a dire resolve has filled me to effect a premature destruc@tion of the literary populace superfaetating in my brain,@-plays, novels, essays, tales, homilies, and rhythmi@cals for ethics and poetics, politics and rhetorics, will I display no more mercy than sundry commentators of maltreated Aristotle. I will exhibit them in their state chaotic,-I will addle the eggs, and the chicken shall not chirp,-I will reveal, and secrets shall not waste me I will write, and@ thoughts shall not batten on me. The whole volume, as before-mentioned, is an epitome or quintessence of more than thirty works,-perhaps the best being The Prior of Marrick, a story of idolatry Anti-Xurion, a crusade against razors and The Author's Tribunal, an oration but I confess, not having looked at the book since my hair was black and now it is snow-white , and considering that I wrote it forty-five years ago, I am surprised to find how well worth reading is my old Author's Mind. It may some day attain a resurrection possibly even, in more than the skeleton form of its present appearance, muscles and skin being added, in a detailed filling up and finishing of these mere sketches, if only time and opportunity were given to me. But I much fear at my time of life that my Tragedy of Nero must remain unwritten, as also my Novel of Charlotte Clopton, and that thrilling Handbook of the Marvellous not to mention my abortive Epic of Home, and sundry essays, satires, and other lucubrations which, alas@! may now be considered addled eggs. In a last word, I somewhat vaingloriously claim for author@ship, as thus ############### Temple of truths most eloquently spoken, Shrine of sweet thoughts veil'd round with words of power, The Author's Mind in all its hallowed riches Stands a Cathedral full of precious things-Tastefully built in harmonies unbroken, Cloister and aisle, dark crypt and aery tower Long-treasured relics in the fretted niches And secret stores, and heaped-up offerings, Art's noblest weal@th with Nature's fruit and flower. Paintings and Sculpture, Summer's best, and Spring's, Its plenitude of pride and praise betoken An ever-burning lamp shines in its soul@ Deep music all around enchantment flings And God's great Presence consecrates the ######################### this our day, Agnosticism, if not avowed Atheism, seems to be making great way, and destroying the happiness of thousands. It may be a truth, though partly an unpleasant one, that he has no faith who never had a doubt, even as he has no hope who never had a fear. Well, in @my short day and in my own small way I seem to have been through everything, and there was a time when I was much worried with uninvited difficulties and involuntary unbeliefs. Such troublesome thoughts seemed to co@me to me without my wish or will,-and stayed too long with me for my peace however, I searched them out and fought them down, and cleared my brain of such poisonous cobwebs by writing my Probabilities, an Aid to Faith a small treatise on the antecedent likelihood of everything that has happened, which did @@me great good while composing it, and has to my happy knowledge from many grateful letters enlightened and comfo@rted hun@dreds of unwilling misbelievers. The book, after four editions, has now long been out@ of@ print however, certainly I still wish it was in the hands of modern sceptics for their good. The scheme of the treatise is briefly this I begin by showing the antecedent pro@bability of the being of a God, then of His attributes, and by inference from His probable benevolence, of His@ becoming a Creator then that the created being in@ferior to His perfection might fall, in which event His benevolence would find a remedy. But what remedy@? That Himself should pay the penalty, and effect a full redemption. How@? By becoming a creature, and so lifting up the race to Himself through so generous a condescension. I show that it was antecedently pro@bable that the Divinity should come in humble form, not to paralyse @our reason by outward glories,-that He might even die as a seeming malefactor this was the guess of Socrates and that for the trial of our faith there are likely to be permitted all manner of difficulties and mysteries for us to gain personal strength by combating and living them down. Many other topics are touched in this suggestive little treatise, where@anent a few critiques are available as thus, The author has done good service to religion by this publica@tion it will shake the doubts of the sceptical, strengthen the trust of the wavering, and delight the faith of the confirmed. As its character becomes known, it will deservedly fill a high place in the estimation of the Christian ################## similarly of other English journals, while the Americans were equally favourable. Take this characteristic instance, one of many the _Brooklyn ################ that the author is one of the rare men of the age he turns up thoughts as with a plough on the sward of monotonous usage. And ############## New York, com@mends this reasoning with the sceptical, showing that if they consider probabilities simply, then all the great doctrines of our faith might reasonably be expected. An extract from the book itself, as out of print, may be acceptable, the more so that it takes a new and true view as I apprehend of Job and his restored prosperity - One or two thoughts respecting Job's tria@l. That he should at last give way was only probable he was, in short, another Adam, and had another fall, albeit he wrestled nobly. Worthy was he to be named among God's chosen three, 'Noah, Daniel, and Job,' and worthy that the Lord should bless his latter end. This word brings me to the@ point I wish to touch on,-the great compensation which God gave to Job. Children can @never be regarded as other @than individualities, and @notwithstanding Eastern feelings about increase in quantity, its quality is, after all, the question for the heart. I mean that many children to be born is but an inadequate return for many children dying. If a father loses a well-beloved son, it is small recompense of that aching void that he gets another. For this reason of the affections, and because I suppose that thinkers have sympathised with me in the difficulty, I wish to say a word about Job's children lost and found. It will clear away what is to some minds a moral and affectionate objection. Now this is the state of the case. The patriarch is introduced to us as possessing so many camels and oxen, and so forth, and ten children. All these are represented to him by witnesses, to all appearance credible, as dead and he mourns for his great loss accordingly. Would not a merchant feel to all intents and purposes a ruined man, if he received a clear intelligence from different parts of the world at once that all his ships and warehouses had been destroyed by hurricanes and fire@?@@ Faith given, patience follows and the trial is morally the same, whether the news be true or false. Remarkably enough, after the calamitous time is past, when the good man of Uz is discerned as rewarded by heaven for his patience by the double of everything once lost-his children remain the same in number, ten. It seems to me quite possible that neither camels, c., nor children, really had been killed. Satan might have meant it so, and schemed it and the singly coming messengers believed it all, as also did the well-enduring Job. But the scriptural word does not go to say that these things happened but that certain emissaries said they happened. I think the devil missed his mark-that the messengers were scared by some abortive diabolic efforts and that with a natural increase of camels, c., meanwhile the patriarch's paternal heart was more than compensated at the last by the restora@tion of his own dear children. They were dead, and are alive again they were lost, and are found. Like Abraham returning from Mount @Calvary with Isaac, it was the resurrection in a figure. If to this view@ objection is made, that, because the boils of Job were real, therefore similarly real@ must be all his other evils I reply, that in the one temptation, the suffering was to @be mental in the other, bodily. In the latter case, positive personal pain was the gist of the matter-in the former, the heart might be pierced, and the mind be overwhelmed, without the necessity of any such incurable affliction as the chil@dren's deaths amount to. God's mercy may well have@ allowed the evil one to overreach himself and when the restoration came, how double was the joy of Job over these ten dear children@! Again, if@ any one will urge that, in the common view of the case, Job at the last@ really has twice as manychildren as befo@re, for@ that he has ten old ones in heaven, and@ ten new ones on earth,-I must, in answer, @think that explanation as u@nsatisfactory to us as th@e verity of it would have been@ to Job. Affection, human affection, is not so numerically nor vicariously consoled-and it is, perhaps, worth while here to have thrown out what I suppose to be a new view of the case, if only to rescue such wealth as children from the infidel's sneer of being confounded with such wealth as camels. Moreover, such a paternal reward was an@teriorly more ############# CROCK OF GOLD, ETC. The origin of the Crock of Gold is so well given in a preface, written by Mr. Butler of Philadelphia, for his American edition of my works in 1851, that I choose here to reproduce it, as below. Our cousins over the water were characteristically @very@ fond of the Crock of Gold, and some editions of Proverbial Philosophy were published by them as by the author of the 'Crock of Gold@' on the title-page, whereof I have a copy. Moreover, it was dramatised and acted at the Boston Museum, Tremont Street -a playbill which I have announcing the twenty-first representation, November 1, 1845 the writer sent it to me in MS., where it lies among the chaos of my papers. In Eng@land it has been issued five times in various forms, and a printed play thereof as adapted by Fitzball, who wrote for Astley's and the like, was acted without my leave asked or granted in November 1847, at the City of London Theatre in the East End I did not stop it, as on a certain private scrutiny I saw that the influence of the play upon its crowded audiences seemed a good one. Unseen and unknown in a private box I noted the touching effect of Grace's Psalm ch. viii. and @the@ sobs and tears all over the theatre that accompanied it so it was a wisdom not to interfere with such ###################### popularity and wholesale good-doing. It was a fair method of preaching the Gospel to the poor, for that crowd was of the humblest. The Crock of Gold has been translated complete as a ######### both in French and German by news@papers and I have copies somewhere,-but I know not who wrote the French, the German authoress having been the Fraulein Von Lagerström. What Mr. Butler says in his preface, no doubt after speech with me, for I was his visitor at the time in 1851, is this - All who have had the good fortune to meet Mr. Tupper during his visit here have been struck with his characteristic impulsiveness. In accordance with this feature of his mind, nearly all of his most successful performances have been occasioned by something alto@gether incidental and unpremeditated-the result of an impulse accidentally-shall we not say, providentially@?@@@-imparted. It was so with the first work in this series four volumes respecting the composition of which he has given to me in conversation the following account. Some years ago he purchased a house at Brighton. While laying out the garden, he had occasion to have several drains made. One day observing a workman, Francis Suter, standing in one of the trenches wet and wearied with toil, Mr. Tupper said to him in a tone of pleasantry, 'Wouldn't you like to dig up there a crock full of gold?'-'If I did,' said the man, 'it would do me no good, because merely finding it would not make it mine.'-'But suppose you could not only find such a treasure, but might honestly keep it, wouldn't you think yourself lucky?'-'Oh yes, sir, I suppose I should@-but,' after a pause, 'but I am not so sure, sir, that it is the best thing that could happen to me. I think, on the whole, I would rather have steady work and fair wages all the season than find a crock of gold.' Here was wisdom. The remark of the honest trench-digger at once set in motion a train of thought in the mind of the author. He entered his study, wrote in large letters on a sheet of paper these words, ################## a Tale of Covetousness,' and in less than a week that remarkable story was written. By the advice of his wife, however, he spent another week in rewriting it, and then gave it to the world in its finished state. In the same Butlerian volume occurs the following MS. notice written by me in about 1853 respecting the origins of my two other tales, the three being issued together - As in the instance of my 'Crock of Gold,' both 'The Twins' and 'Heart' were undoubtedly the out@come in after years of early observations, anecdotes, and incidents, whereof memory kept in silence an experimental record. Very few artists succeed in the delineation of life without living models but no good one servilely will betray the forms they rather get hints from than actually copy. Thus though I sketched Roger Acton from one Robert Tunnel, @an Albury labourer, and took the cottage near Postford Pond as his home,-adding thereto Mr. Campion's park and house at Danney, near Hurst I was then living at Brighton as the model for Sir John Vincent's estate,-as well as Grace, Ben Bu@rke, and so on from persons@@ I had seen,-I need not say that my sketches from nature were but outlines to my finished work of art. Simon Jennings, however, is an exact portrait of a man I knew at Brighton. So also with these tales, and others of my writings. About The Twins a curious and somewhat awk@ward coincidence happened, in the fact that my totally ideal characters of General Tracey and his family were supposed to be intended for some persons whom the cap it seems fitted pretty accurately, and who then lived at the southern watering-place I had too diaphanously depicted as Burleigh-Singleton. It is somewhat dangerous to invent blindly. However, my total innocence of any@ intentional allusion to @private matters whereof I was entirely ignorant was set clear at once by an explanatory letter and so no harm resulted. In the case of Heart similarly, I invented the bank@ruptcy of a certain Austral Bank, which at the time of my tale's publication had no existence,-the very name having been taken so@me@ years after. This is another instance of the literary perils to which imaginative authors @may be subject for _litera scripta manet_, espe@cially if in printer's ink, and, for aught I know, that offhand word might be@ held a continuous libel. For all else, by way of notice, the stories speak for them@selves as, Covetousness was the text for@ The Crock of Gold, while Concealment and False@ Witness are severally the ########## The Twins and Heart. I once meditated ten tales, on the Ten Commandments, these three being an instalment and I mentally@ sketched my fourth upon Idolatry, The Prior of Marrick, but nothing came of it. The Decalogue hangs together as a whole, and cannot be cut into ten distinct subjects without reference to one another. In the chapter headed The find of the Heartless, I find a manuscript note perhaps worth printing here If I had been gifted with the true prophetic power, hereabouts should my heartless hero have stumbled on a big nugget of gold I wrote before the Australian gold discovery , even as the shrewd Defoe invented for his Robinson Crusoe in Juan Fernandez, where gold has not yet been found, though it may be. However, I did not originally make the splendid guess, and will not now in a future@ edition surreptitiously interpolate such a suggestive incident, after the example of dishonest Murphy in his prognostic of that coldest January 7th. It may be true enough that, for my story's sake, I may wish I had thought of such a not unlikely find for the uselessness of the mere metal to a positively starv@ing man in the desert might have furnished comment analogous to what was uttered by @@Timon of Athens@@ and would have been picturesque enough and character@istic withal. Here may follow a bit of notice for each tale from two critics of eminence,-as copied from one of my Archive-books, for memory is treacherous, and I must not invent. Of the Crock of Gold Mr. Ollier wrote as follows A story of extraordinary power, and, which is a still greater eulogy, of power devoted to a great and bene@ficent purpose@. Mr. Marti@n Tupper the author is already known to the world by his 'Proverbial Philo@sophy,' and other works which indicate an extraordi@narily gifted mind and an originality of conception and treatment rare indeed in these latter days,-but he has never demonstrated these qualities to such perfection as in his present deeply interesting work, wherein romance is united to wisdom, and both to practical utility. Terror is @there in its sternest shape-the hateful lust of gold is shown in all its hideous deformity and inconceivable meanness, and through the awful suspense that hovers over the incidents, occasional gleams of pure and hallowed love come to humanise the darkness. This is cue of the few fictions constructed to stand the shocks of time. And of the other tales we find the following from the pen of the celebrated Mr. St. John, when he was editor of the _Sunday Times_. He speaks of the three tales together - In every page of this work there is something which a reader would wish to bea@r in his memory for ever. For power of animated description, for eloquent reflec@tions upon the events of everyday life, and for soft, touching, pathetic appeals to the best feelings of the heart, these tales are worthy of a place on every library table in the kingdom. They are well calculated to add to the author's already established reputation. Of this trilogy of tales, undoubtedly the best is the Crock of Gold The Twins, though written from living models, is very inferior, as the hero is too goody-goody and the villain too hopelessly wicked Heart has more merit, and has been @much praised by a cele@brated authoress for its touching chapter on Old Maids. Much of it also is autobiographical, as with The ############ ########################## is one of the books which, really written by me from beginning to end, is nominally only edited. It is a volume of self-experiences, to be read through the lines, -and almost every incident and character therein is drawn from living models and actual facts. It grew naturally out of the simple circumstance that I used daily to ride out alone on one of my horses-more exactly, mares-Minna and Brenda, and jotted down my cantering @fancies in prose or verse when I got home. Hurst Blackett were its publishers in 1858,-and it soon was all sold off, but did not@ come to a second edition in London, though reproduced widely in New York and Philadelphia. The fact is that, between an independent publisher who sells a little over cost price, and a G@ar@gantua purchaser of thousands at a time, like Smith or Mudie, the poor author is sacrificed he has received @his fee for the edition I got £100 for this first and only and forthwith finds himself dismissed, while the reading public is made glad by easy perusal instead of costly purchase and thus he is cheated of his second edition. Most authors know@ how their interests are affected wholesale by that modern system of subscription libraries but cheapness pleases the voracious ######################################## so in this competitive free-trade era the units who feed those devourers are swallowed up themselves. However, what must be, ######################### I care not even to complain of what cannot be helped, and wins fame to the one, whilst it does good to the many, though financially unprofitable to indi@vidual authorship. In the scarce copy of AEsop Smith now before me, I find a few manuscript notes of mine perhaps worth transcribing. One has it, This book is actually auto@biographical but as Rabelais did I often mix up irre@levant and extraneous matter by way of gilding pills, c., and that c. is like one of Coke's upon Littleton, full of hints to be amplified. Further, Let readers remember that this book was written and published long before recent changes in our laws of marriage and divorce and libel also when no Englishman dared to go bearded, and no civilian was permitted to be armed. In advocacy of all these things and many more, then unheard of but now common, I was in advance of the age and in some degree my private notions conduced to very wholesome public changes. Again When Rabelais is diffuse, or a buffoon, or worse, it may be to throw disputers off the scent as to his real mark of satire or philosophy. Perhaps, like Liguori, AEsop has written a book@ for the sake of a sentence, and veils his true intent in a designed mist of all sorts of miscellaneous matter. I shan't tell you clearly, but you may guess for yourselves. The book includes a hundred and thirt@y original fables, essayettes, anecdotes, tirades, songs, and musings, all of which @thronged my brain @as I cantered along, and were set down in black and white as soon as I got home. Stay some were even pencilled in the saddle,-in especial this, which became very popular afterwards, particularly in the charming musical composition thereof by Mrs. Stafford Bush, and as sung by Mr. Fox at St. James's Hall and elsewhere. It was printed in an earliest edition of my Ballads and Poems Hall Virtue , and is headed there, Written in the saddle on the crown of my hat. I reproduce it here for the sake of that heading, though it occurs also in my extant volume of poems without it -_The Early Gallop._ At five on a dewy morning, Before the blaze of day, To be up and off on a high-mettled horse, All care and danger scorning, Over the hills away,-To drink the rich sweet breath of the gorse, And bathe in the breeze of the downs.-Ha! man, if you can,-match bliss like this In all the joys of towns@! With glad and grateful tongue to join The lark at his matin hymn, And thence on faith's own wing to spring And sing with cherubim@! To pray from a deep and tender heart@ With all things praying anew, The b@irds and the bees and the whispering trees, And heather bedropt with dew.-To be one with those early worshippers, And pour the carol too@! Then off again with a slackened rein And a bounding heart within, To dash at a gallop over the plain Health's golden cup to win@@! This, this is the race for gain and grace, Richer than vases and crowns@@@@@ And you that boast your pleasures the most Amid the steam of towns, Co@me taste true bliss in a morning like this, Galloping over the downs@! Among the most notable prose pieces though it is of little use to refer my readers to a book hopelessly out of print there may be selected my panacea for Ireland, to wit, a Royal Residence there to evoke the loyalty of a warm-hearted people,-I called my fable The Un@sunned Corner I mean to quote some of it in a future political page of this book. Also other papers, as Bits of Ribbon@, suggesting as just and wise the more pro@fuse distribution of honours,-in particular recommend@ing an Alfred or an Albert Order. Also, many of my Rifle ballads,-whereof, more anon. And The Over-sharpened Axe -applicable to modern Boardschool Educationals a@nd Colonel Jade's matrimonial tirades, all real life@ and The Grumbling Gimlet, a fable on Content, c. c. With plenty more notabilia-which those who have the book can turn to if they will. I could fill many pages with the critiques _pro_ and _con_ this queer book has provoked, but it is useless now that the world has let it die. CHAPTER XVII. STEPHAN LANGTON-ALFRED. I wrote Stephan Langton, a Story of the Time of King John, because, 1st, I had little to do in the country 2dly, I wished to give some special literary lift to Albury and its neighbourhood, more particularly as my story had a geographical connection with Surrey 3dly, I had the run of Mr. Drummond's library, and consulted there some 300 @volu@mes for my novel so it was not an idle work though a rapid one 4thly, I wanted to show that though in a Popish age England's heart, and especially Langton's, was Protestant, quite a precursor of Luther. As this book is extant, at Lasham's, Guildford, I refer my readers to it. One curious matter is that my ideal scenes@ have taken such hold upon my neighbourhood that streams of tourists come constantly through Albury to visit The Silent Pool and other sites of scenes invented by me, and have therebyenriched our village inn and the flymen, as well as given to us a new sort of fame. The book, so cheap in the Guild@ford edition, was originally published by Hurst Blackett in 2 vols., illustrated by Cousins that edition is very scarce now. The tragedy at the Silent Pool and ############ perhaps the most dramatic scenes in the book,-as the Robin Hood gathering in Combe Valley is the most picturesque. I quote a few particulars from one of my diaries. This book tended to clear my brain of sundry fancies and pictures, as only the writing of another book could do _that_. Its seed is truly recorded in the first chapter as to the two stone coffins still in the chancel of@ St. Martha's. I began the book on November 26, 1857, and finished it in exactly eight weeks, on January 21, 1858, reading for the work included. In two months more it was printed by Hurst Blackett. I intended it for one full volume, but the publishers preferred to issue it in two scant ones it has since been reproduced by Lasham, Guildford, in one vol., at one-and-sixpence it was 14s. I consulted and partially read for it as I wanted accurate pictures of John's reign in England the histories of Tyrrell, Hollingshed, Hume, Poole, Markland, Thomson's Magna Charta, James's Philip Augustus, Milman's Latin Christianity, Hallam's Middle Ages, Maimbourg's Lives of the Popes, Ranke's Life of Innocent III., Mai@tland on the Dark Ages, Ritson's Life of Robin Hood, Salmon's, Bray's, and Brayley's Surrey, Tupper's and Duncan's Guernsey, besides the British and National and other Encyclopaedias and Dictionaries as required. It was a work of hard and quick and fervid labour, not an idle piece of mere brain-spinning, a@nd it may be depended on for archaeological accuracy in every detail. More than thirty localities in our beautiful county Surrey are painted in the book of other parts of England twelve @of France and Italy twelve there are more than twenty historical characters honestly as I judge depicted and some fifteen ideal ones fairly enough invented as accessories I preferred Stephan to the commoner Stephen, for etymological and archaeological reasons it is clearly nearer the Greek, and is spelt so in ancient records. ######################## One of the rarest of the books I have written if any bibliomaniac of some future age desires to collect them must always be King Alfred's Poems, now first turned into English metres for the little volume was privately printed by Dr. Allen Giles, the edition being only of 250 copies, which soon vanished, a few of them bearing Hall Virtue's name on a new title, and being dated 1850,-the majority hailing from the private press aforesaid. I constructed it purposely for the Jubilee Edition of the Works of King Alfred, learning as well as I could by the help of Dr. Bosworth's Dictionary and a Grammar in a few weeks a little Anglo-Saxon,-and I confess considerably assisted by Mr. Fox's prose translation of Boethius. There are thirty-one poems in all, some being of Alfred's own, but the major part ren@dered by the wise king out of Latin into the language of his own people to help their teaching. I turned it into English verse in thirty-one different metres, each being as nearly as I could manage in the rhythm of the original there were no rhymes in those days alliteration was the only sort of jingle in the judgment of Mr. Fox and some other Anglo-Saxon critics my version was fairly close, and for the poetical part of my own production at least nothing is of the slipshod order of half rhymes or alternate prose and verse-too co@mmon, especially in our hymnology-but honest double rhym@ing throughout. Without transcribing the little volume I could not give a true idea of it but here shall co@me three or four samples ###################################### art Maker of heaven and earth, Who steerest the stars, and hast given them birth, For ever thou reignest upon Thy high throne, And turnest all swiftly the heavenly zone, c. Yet another - What is a man the better, Though he be gainful getter ########################################### fillèd Again - I have wings like a bird, and more swiftly can fly Far over this earth to the roof of the sky, And now must I feather thy fancies, O mind, To leave the mid earth and its earthlings behind, c. And for a last word - Thus quoth Alfred-'@If thou growest old And hast no pleasure, spite of weal and ############################################# now all wearily Chaunt I my lays,-Sorrowing tearfully, Saddest of men, Can I sing cheerfully As I could then? #################################################################################################################### weak,-then thank thy Lord for this, That He hath sent thee hitherto much bliss, For life and light and pleasures past away And say thou, Come and welcome, come what may.' These are little bits taken casually to each of the poems I have added suitable comment in prose. Mr. Bohn in his well-known series has added my verse to Mr. Fox's prose Boethius. The Anglo-Saxon preface to that volume commences thus Alfred, King, was the translator of this book and from book-Latin turned it into Old English, as it is now done. Awhile he put word for word awhile sense for sense. He learned this book, and translated it for his own people, and turned it into song, as it is now done. His Old English song, that is, Anglo-Saxon alliteration, is all now modernised in this curious little book of English metres. It was well praised by many critics but at present is out of the market. When I am translated myself, all these old works of mine will rise again in a voluminous complete edition. The Alfred Jubilee, on that great king's thou@sandth year, 1848, is one of the exploits of my literary life, undertaken and accomplished by Mr. Evelyn, the brothers Brereton, Dr. Giles, and myself in the year 1848, chiefly at Wantage, where Alfred was born. We arranged meetings and banquets in several places, notably Liverpool, where Mr. Bramwell Moore, the mayor, gave a great feast in commemoration, a medal was struck, the Jubilee edition of King Alfred's works was at least begun at Dr. Giles's private printing-press, whilst at Wantage itself 20,000 people collected from all parts for old English games, speeches, appropriate songs, such as To-day is the day of a thousand years from my pen, collections for a local school and college as a lasting memorial, and-to please the commonalty-a gorgeous procession and an ox roasted whole, with gilded horns and ribbons,-the huge carcase turned like a hare on a gigantic spit by help of a steam-engine before a furnace of two tons of blazing coal and that ox was consumed after a most barbaric Abyssinian fashion in the open air. My Anglo-Saxon Magazine came out strong on the occasion,-but it is obsolete now and I care not to use up space in reprinting patriotic indigna@tion for let me state that, considered as a national commemoration of the Great King, the chief founder of our liberties, this Wantage jubilee was all but a failure the British lion slumbered, and it was flogging a dead horse to try to wake him up very few of the magnates @responded to our appeal but we did our best, neverthe@less, as independent English@men, and locally achieved a fair success. If I went into the whole story with anecdotical detail, I should weary my reader let me only reproduce my song at the grand Liverpool banquet, by way of ending cheerily. ############################## is the day of a thousand years@! Bless it, O brothers, with heart-thrilling cheers@! Alfred for ever@!-to-day was He born, Day-star of England, to herald her morn, That, everywhere breaking and brightening soon, Sheds on us now the full sunshine of noon, And fills us with blessing in Church and in State, Child@ren of Alfred, the @Good and the #################### to his Jubilee Day, The Day of a thousand years. Anglo-Saxons!-in love are we met, To honour a Name we can never forget@! Father, and Founder, and King of a race That reigns and rejoices in every place,-Root of a tree that o'ershadows the earth,@ First of a Family blest from his birth, Blest in this stem of their strength and their state, Alfred the Wise, and the Good, and the Great! _Chorus_,-Hail to his Jubilee Day, The@ Day of a thousand years@! Children of Alfred, from every clime Your glory shall live to the deathday of Time@! Hereafter in bliss still ever expand O'er measureless realms of the Heavenly Land@! For you, like him, serve God and your Race, And gratefully look on the birthday of Grace Then honour to Alfred@! with hea@rt-stirring cheers@! To-day is the Day of a thousand #################### to his Jubilee Day, The Day of a thousand years@! This song was set to excellent music, and went well, especially in the chorus. Several America@ns were of our company, in particular, Richmond, a literary friend of mine. At the dinner I had to make a principal speech, and my cousin Gaspard of the Artillery now General answered for the ######## the three-hundredth anniversary of Shakespeare at Stratford-on-Avon I contributed an ode, to be found in my extant book of poems. Among the notabilia of the feastings and celebration, I remember howLord Hough@ton raised a great laugh by his pretended indignation when the glee singers greeted the guests at dinner as Ye spotted snakes with double tongue@! -Doubtless it was a Shakespearean old English piece of music,-but stupidly enough selected for a complimentary greeting. My ode was well received, but I'll say no more of that, as it can speak for itself. Lord Leigh made us all very welcome at his splendid Palladian mansion, and there I met Lord Carlisle, then Viceroy of Ireland, who kindly told me that as he had known my father, and knew me, and my son was then in Ireland he was a captain in the 29th Regiment , he would put him on his staff, as a third generation of the name. I am not sure if this happened, for my son soon was sent elsewhere and he has long since gone to the Better Land. But Lord Carlisle's kindness was all the same. At the ball I remember Lord Carlisle's diamonds hanging like a string of glass chandelier drops at his button-hole with a Shake@speare favour, and jingling perilously for ######################################################## danced for size those half-dozen Koh-i-noors must be-foolishly-invaluable. At Stratford Church, either then or some while after, I strangely was the means of saving Shakespeare's own baptismal font from destruction, as thus the church had been@@@ restored, -_i.e._, all its best patina was polished away and among the improvements, I noticed a brand new font. Where is the old one@? O sir, the mason who@ supplied the new one took it away. So I called and found this font-quite sacred in Shake@spearean eyes as where their idol had been christened-lying broken in a corner of the yard. Then off I went to the rector, I think it was a Mr. Granville, expostu@lating and to make the matter short with some diffi@culty I got the font mended and put back again, as it certainly never should have been removed. I have since been to Stratford, and find that they use the new font, and have put the old one in a corner of the nave. An odd thing happened to me in the church, where at the vestry I had just signed my name as other visitors did. An American, utterly unknown to me as I to him, came eagerly up to me as I was inspecting that unsatis@factory bust and inscription about Shakespeare, and said, Co@me and see what I've found,-Martin Tupper's autograph,-he must be somewhere near, for he has just signed do tell, is he here@? I rather thought he might be. I've wished to see him ever since I was a small boy. Do you know him, sir@? Well, yes, a little. Show him to me, sir, won't you@? @@I'd give ten dollars for his autograph. After a word or two more, my good nature gave him the precious signature without the dollars,-and I shan't easily forget his frantic @joy, showing the document to all around him,@ whilst I escaped. Besides a Pindaric Ode to Shakespeare, to be found in my Miscellaneous Poems, wherein many of his char@acters are touched upon, I wrote the following sonnet, now out of ############## Went not thy spirit gladly with us then, Most genial Shakespeare!-wast thou not with us Who throng'd to honour thee and love thee thus, A few among thy subject fellow-men@?@@@ Yea,-let me truly think it for thy heart Though now long since the free-made citizen Of brighter cities where we trust thou art Was one, in its great whole and every part, With human sympathies we seem to die, But verily live we grow, improve, expand, When Death transplants us to that Happier Land Therefore, sweet Shakespeare,@ came thy spirit nigh, Cordial with Man, and grateful to High Heaven For all our love to thy dear memory given. TRANSLATIONS AND PAMPHLETS. The best of my unpublished MSS. of any size or consequence is perhaps my translation of Book Alpha of the Iliad, quite literal and in its original metre of hexameters hitherto I have failed to find a publisher kind enough to lose by it for there are already at least twelve English versions of Homer unread, per@haps unreadable. Still, some day I don't despair to gain an enterprising Sosius for my literal and hexa@metrical translation is almost what Carthusians used to call @@@a crib, and perhaps some day the School Board or their organ, Mr. Joseph Hughes's _Practical Teacher_, may adopt my version. Its origin and history is this finding winter evenings in the country wearisome to my homeflock, I used to read to the@m profusely and dis@cursively. Amongst other books, a literary daughter suggested Pope's Homer which, as I read, after a little while, I found to be so very free and incorrect a transla@tion if my memory served me rightly that I resolved to see what I could do by reading from the original Greek in its own English metre. I soon found it quite easy to be both terse and literal and having rhythm o@nly to care for without the tag of rhyme, I soon pleased my hearers and in some sort myself, reading off the reel directly from the Greek into the English. ################# version is still unblotted by printer's ink if any compositor pleases he is welcome to work on the copy which I can supply gratis only I do not promise to do more than I have done, Book Alpha. Life is too short for such literary playwork. Here followeth a sample quite literal line for line, almost word for word my translation renders Homer exactly. I choose the short bit where Thetis pleads with Jove for her irate son, because I am sure Tennyson must have had this passage in his mind when he drew his word-picture of Vivien with Merlin. But now at length the twelfth morn from the first had arrived and returning Came to Olympus together the glorious band of immortals, Zeus the great king at their head. And Thetis, remembering the cravings Of her own son, and his claims, uprose to the surface of ocean, And through the air flew swift to high heaven, ascending Olympus. There she found sitting alone on the loftiest peak of the mountain All-seeing Zeus, son of Kronos, apart from the other celestials. So she sat closely beside him, embracing his knees with her left hand,@@ While with her right she handled his beard, and tenderly stroked@@@@ it, Whispering thus her prayer to Zeus, the great king, son of Kronos, c. @c. Let that suffice with a ############# I need not say that I have written innumerable other, translated pieces, from earliest days of school @exercises to these present. There is scarcely a classic I have not so tampered with and@ though a poor modern linguist I have touched-with dictionary and other help, a few bits of Petrarch, Dante, c. examples whereof may be seen in my Modern Pyramid, as already mentioned. ################# My several publications @in pamphlet shape may ask for a page or two,-the chief perhaps and therefore I begin with it being my@@@ Hymn for All Nations in thirty languages, issued at the time of the first great ex@hibition in 1851, due to a letter I wrote to the Bishop of London on November 22, 1850, urging such a universal psalm. Mr. Brettell, a printer, issued this curiosity of typography for it has all the strange types which the Bible Society could lend and several other, versions than the fifty published some being duplicated are in a great volume before me, unprinted because neither England, nor Germany, nor America could supply types for sundry out-of-the-way languages@ contributed by missionaries in the four quarters of the world. My hymn was a simple psalm, so constructed as scarcely to exclude a truth, or to offend a prejudice with special reference to the great event of this year, and yet so ordered that it can never be out of season. This polyglot hymn at the lowest estimate is a philological curiosity so many minds, with such diversity in similitude rendering literally into all the languages of the earth one plain psalm, a world-wide call to man to render thanks to God. Dr. Wesley and several others contributed the music, and the best scholars of all lands did the literature the mere printing of so many languages was pro@nounced a marvel in its way and I have a bookful of notices, of course laudatory, where it was not possible to find fault with so small a piece of literature. It may be well to give the hymn admission here, as the booklet is excessively scarce. The title goes- A Hymn for all Nations, 1851, translated into thirty languages upwards of fifty versions ################################################################################################################################################ God! on Thee we call, Father, Friend, and Judge of all Holy Saviour, heavenly King, Homage to Thy throne we bring@! In the wonders all around Ever is Thy Spirit found, And of each good thing we see All the good is born of Thee@! Thine the beauteous skill that lurks Everywhere in Nature's works-Thine is Art, with all its worth, Thine each masterpiece on earth! Yea,-and, foremost in the van, Springs from Thee the Mind of Man On its light, for this is Thine, Shed abroad the love divine@! Lo, our God! Thy children here From all realms are gathered near, Wisely gathered, gathering still,-For 'peace on earth, towards men goodwill!' May we, with fraternal mind, Bless our brothers of mankind@! May we, through redeeming love, Be the blest of God ##################################################################### its demolition to Bishop Sumner, and used the expression in my letter that the man who was doing the wrong of changing the old church in his park for a new one elsewhere would lay the foundation in his first-born and in his youngest son set up its gates Josh. vi. 26 and the two sons of the lord @of the manor died in succession as seemingly was foretold.@ 2. A Voice from the Cloister, whereof I have spoken before. 3. A Prophetic Ode, -happily hindered from prov@ing true, only because the Rifle movement drove away those vultures, Louis Napoleon's hungry colonels, from our unprotected shores. There are also in the poem some curious thoughts about the Arctic Circle, its @magnetic heat, and possible habitability also others about thought-reading and the like all this being long in advance of the age, for that ode was published by Bosworth in 1852. Also, I anticipated then as now- To fly as a bird in the air Despot man doth dare@! His humbling cumbersome body at length Light as the lark upsprings, Buoyed by tamed explosive strength And steel-ribbed albatross wings@! With plenty of other curious matter. That ode is extinct, but will revive. 4. So also with A Creed, c., which bears the imprint of Simpkin Marshall, and the date 1870. Its chief peculiarities are summed up in the concluding lines - So then, in brief, my creed is truly this Conscience is our chief seed of woe or blis@@s God who made all things is to all things Love, Balancing wrongs below by rights above Evil seemed needful that the good be shown, And Good was swift that Evil to atone While creatures, link'd together, each with each, Of one great Whole in changeful sequence teach, Life-presence everywhere sublimely vast And endless for the future as the past. For I believe in some future life for the lower animals as well as for their unworthier lord and in the immor@tality of all creation. Some other poems and hymns also are in this pamphlet. 5. My Fifty Protestant Ballads, published, by Ridgeway, will be mentioned hereafter. 6. Ten Letters on the Female Martyrs of the Reformation, published by the Protestant Mission. 7 and 8. Hactenus and A Thousand Lines, most whereof are in my Cithara and Miscellaneous Poems. 9. A pamphlet about Canada, and its closer union to us by dint of imperialism and honours, dated several years before these have come to pass. 10. Sundry shorter pamphlets on Rhyme, Model Colonisation, Druidism, Household Servants, My News@paper, Easter Island, False Schooling, c. c. Not to mention some serial letters long ago in the _Times_ about the Coronation, Ireland, and divers other topics. Every author writes to the _Times_. 11. As a matter of course I have written both with my name and without it according to editorial rule in many magazines and reviews, fro@m the _Quarterly_ of Lockhart's time to the _Rock_ of this, not to count numerous reviews of books _passim_, besides innumerable fly-leaves, essayettes, sermonettes, c. c., in the _Rock_ and elsewhere. 12. I was editor for about two years of an extinct three-monthly, the ########## in one of which I wrote nine articles, as the contributions received were inappropriate. I never worked harder in my life but the magazine failed, the chief reason being that the monied man who kept it alive insisted upon acceptance when rejection was inevitable. 13. Some printed letters of mine on Grammar, issued in small pamphlet form at the _Practical Teacher_ office and sundry others unpublished, called Talks about Science, still in MS. 14. America Revisited, a lecture, in three numbers, of _Golden Hours_. 15. Separate bundles of ballads in pamphlet @form about Australia, New Zealand, Church Abuses, The War, c. c. Besides possibly some other like booklets forgotten. ############## GUERNSEY, MONA. When I returned in the autumn of 1855 from my prin@cipal continental tour, wherein for three months I had conducted my whole family of eleven servants inclu@sive all through the usual route of French and Swiss travel,-I committed my journal to Hatchard, who forthwith published it but not to any signal success,-for it was anonymous, which was a mistake however, I did not care to make public by name all the daily details of my homeflock pilgrimage. The pretty little@ book with its fine print of the Pass of Gondo as a frontispiece, nevertheless made its way, and has been inserted in Mr. Gregory's list of guide-books as a conve@nience if not a necessity to travellers on the same roads, though in these days of little practical use indeed, wherever we stopped, I contrived to exhaust, on the spot all that was to be seen or done, with the advan@tages of personal inspection, and therefore of graphic and true description. The book has been praised for its i@nterest and includes divers accidents, happily surmounted, divers exploits in the milder form of Alpine climbing as the Mauvais Pas, which I tou@ch experimentally at the end of Life's Lessons, in Proverbial Philosophy, Series IV. , divers grand sights, as the Great ############################ to which we lived for some weeks in the Champs Élysées, and many pleasant incidents, as greetings with friends, old and new, and other usual _memorabilia_. Among these let me mention the honest kindliness of Courier Pierre,-always called Pere by my children, with whom he was a great favourite-the more readily because he has long gone to the bourne whence no traveller returns, so he needs no recommendation from his late employer. This, then, I say is memorable. At Lucerne, as my remittance from Herries failed to reach me, I seemed obliged to make a stop and to return but Pierre objected, saying it was great pity not to pass the Simplon and see Milan,-and, if Monsieur would permit him, he could lend whatever was needful, and could be paid again. Certainly I said this was very kind, and so I borrowed at his solicitation -it was £100, as I find by the journal our travel was costing us £40 a week. @Well, to recount briefly, when, after having placed in our ######### Bellinzona, Como, Milan, c. c., I found myself at Geneva, and with remittances awaiting me, my first act was to place in Pierre's hands £105,-and when he counted the notes, he said, Sare, there is one five-pound too many. - Of course, my worthy Pierre, I hope you will accept that as interest. - Non, Monsieur, pardon I could not, I always bring money to help my families -and he would not. Now, if that was not a model courier, worthy to be commemorated thus,-well, I hope there are some others of his brethren on the office-books of Bury Street, St. James's, who are equallyduteous and disinterested. Some people are heroes to their valets my worthy help is a hero to me so saithmy journal. Here's another extract, after two slight earthquakes at Brieg, and Turtman Turris Magna - Again a bad accident. One of our spirited wheelers got his hind leg over the pole in going down a hill at once there was a chaos of fallen horses and entangled harness, and but for the screw machine drag locking both hind-wheels we must have been upset and smashed,-as it was, the scrambling and kicking at first was frightful but Pater@familias dragged the younger children out into the road, and other help was nigh at hand, and the providential calm that comes over fallen horses after their initiatory struggle was at hand too, and in due time matters were righted that those two fiery stallions did not kick everything @to pieces, and that all four steeds did not gallop us to destruction, was due, under Providence, to the skill and courage of our good Pierre and the patient Muscatelli. -Railways have since superseded all this peril, and cost, and care and trains now go _through_ the Simplon, instead of good horses, six to the heavy carriage, four to the light one, pulling us steadily and@ slowly _over_ it thus losing the splendid scenery climaxed by the Devil's Bridge but let moderns be thankful. Paterfamilias's Diary has long been out of print, and its author is glad @that he made at the time a full record of the happy past, and recommends its perusal to any one who can find a copy anywhere. My friend, the late Major Hely, who claimed an Irish peerage, was very fond of this@@@ Diary, and thought it the best book of travels he had ever read. Guernsey. Guernsey is another of the spots where your author has lived and written, though neither long nor much. He co@mes, as is well known, of an ancient Sarnian family, as mentioned before. As to any writings of mine about insular matters while sojourning there occa@sionally, they are confined to some druidical verses about certain cromlechs, a few other poems, as one given below- A Night-Sail in the Race of Alderney, -and in chief that in which I Raised the Haro, which saved the most picturesque part of Castle Cornet from destruction by some artillery engineer. Here is the poem, supposing some may wish to see it especially as it does not appear in my only extant volume of poems, Gall Inglis. It occurs I think solely in Hall Virtue's extinct edition of my Ballads and Poems, 1853, and is there headed 'The Clameur de Haro,' an old Norman appeal to the Sovereign, 1850 - Haro, Haro! à l'aide, mon Prince@! A loyal people calls@@ Bring out Duke Rollo's Norman lance To stay destruction's fell advance Against the Castle walls Haro, Haro@! à l'aide, ma Reine@! Thy duteous children not in vain Plead for old Cornet yet again, To spare it, ere it falls@! What? shall Earl Rodolph's sturdy strength, After six hundred years, at length Be recklessly laid low@? @@His grey machicolated tower Torn down within one outraged hour By worse than Vandals' ruthless power?-Haro! à l'aide, Haro@! Nine years old Cornet for the throne Against rebellion stood alone-And honoured still shall stand, ##################################### the his@torian of Sarnia and our Family Records, saw these lines, he positively made serious objection-@@while generally approving them-against my saying six hundred years, whereas, according to him, it was only five hundred and ninety-three! he actually wanted me to alter it, or at all events insert almost, -so difficult is it to reconcile literal accuracy with poetical rhyme and rhythm. I seem to remember that he wrote to the local papers about@ this. However, it is some consolation to know that these heartfelt verses forced the War Office to spare Castle Cornet the Norman appeal by Haro being a privilege of Channel-Islanders to bring their grievances direct to the Queen in council. As I have continually the honour Monstrari digito prae@tereuntium in the _rôle_ of a Fidicen, I suppose that poetries in such a self-record as this are not positive For heroism so sublime, A relic of the olden time, Renowned in Guernsey prose and rhyme, The glory of her land@! Ay,-let your science scheme and plan With better skill than so Touch not this dear old barbican, Nor dare to lay it low@! On @Vazon's ill-protected bay Build and blow up, as best ye may, And do your worst to scare away Some visionary foe,-But, if in brute and blundering power You tear down Rodolph's granite tower, Defeat and scorn and shame that hour Shall whelm you like an arrowy shower-@Haro! à l'aide, ########################################################### even give here a cheerful bit of rhyme which I jotted down at midnight on the deck of a yacht in a half-gale off Cherbourg, when going with a deputation from Guernsey to meet the French President in 1850 ####################################### thick with shining studs Stretches wide the tent of heaven, Blue, begemmed with golden buds,-Calm, and bright, and deep, and clear, Glory's hollow hemisphere Arch'd above these frothing floods Right and left asunder riven, As our cutter madly scuds, By the fitful breezes driven, When exultingly she sweeps Like a dolphin through the deeps, And from wave to wave she leaps Rolling in this yeasty leaven,-Ragingly that never sleeps, Like the wicked unforgiven! II. @Midnight, soft and fair above, Midnight, fierce and dark beneath,-All on high the smile of love, All below the frown of death Waves that whirl in angry spite With a phosphorescent@ light Gleaming ghastly on the night,-Like the pallid sneer of Doom, So malicious, cold, and white, Luring to this watery tomb, Where in fury and in fright Winds and waves together fight Hideously amid the gloom,-As our cutter gladly sends, Dipping deep her sheeted boom Madly to the boiling sea, Lighted in these furious floods By that blaze of brillia@nt studs, Glistening down like glory-buds On the Race of Alderney@! A few more words as to my Sarnian literaria. Victor Hugo, when resident in Guernsey, had greatly offended my cousin the chief of our clan by stealing for his hired abode the title of our ancestral mansion, Haute Ville House and so, when I called on him, the equally offended Frenchman would not see me, though I was in@dulged with a sight of the ########## wherewith he had filled his residence, albeit deprived of access to its inmate. Hugo was not popular among the sixties at that time. Since then, Mr. Sullivan of Jersey published on his decease some splendid stanzas in French, which by request I versified in English so that our spirits are now manifestly _en rapport_. I wrote also as I am reminded an ode on the cons@ecration of St. Anne's, Alderney, when I accompanied the Bishop to the ceremony and some memorable stanzas about the decent expediency of the Bailiff and Jurats being robed for official uniform, since orna@mentally adopted but before I wrote they wore mean and undistinguished mufti. I had also much to do on behalf of my friend Durham, the sculptor, in the matter of his bronze statue to Prince Albert,-advocating it both in prose and verse, and being instrumental in getting royal permission to take a duplicate of the great work now at South Kensington. My cousin the Bailiff, the late Sir Stafford Carey, dated his knighthood from the inauguration of the statue, now one of the chief ornaments of St. Peter's Port,-the other being the Victoria Tower, also a Sarnian exploit. Isle of Man. Under such a title as this, My Life as an Author, that author being chiefly known for his poetry, though he has also written plenty of prose, it is as I have in@deed just said not to be reasonably objected that the volume is spotted with small poems. Still, I must do it, if I wish to illustrate by verse, or other extracts from my writings published or unprinted , certain places where the said author has had his ################### one of these is the Isle of Man,-where I and mine made a long summer stay at Castle Mona. The chief literary productions of mine in that modern Trinacria, whose heraldic emblem, like that of ancient Sicily, is the Three legs of Three promontories, are some antiquarian pieces, principally one on the sepulchral mound of Orry the Dane - In fifty keels and five Rushed over the pirate swarm, Hornets out of the northern hive, Hawks on the wings of the storm @@Blood upon talons and beak, Blood from their helms to their heels, Blood on the hand and blood on the cheek,-In five and fifty keels! O @fierce and terrible horde That shout about Orry the Dane, Clanging the shield and clashing the sword To the roar of the storm-tost main@! And hard on the shore they drive Ploughing through shingle and sand,-And high and dry those fifty and five Are haul'd in line upon land. And ho! for the torch straightway, In honour of Odin and Thor,-And the blazing night is as bright as the day As a gift to the gods of war For down to the melting sand And over each flaring mast Those fifty and five they have burnt as they stand To the tune of the surf and the blast@! A ruthless, desperate crowd, They trample the shingle at Lhane, And hungry for slaughter they clamour aloud For the Viking, for Orry the Dane@! And swift has he flown at the foe-For the clustering clans are here,-But light is the club and weak is the bow To the Norseman sword and spear And-woe to the patriot Manx, The right overthrown by the wrong,-For the sword hews hard at the staggering ranks, And the spear drives deep and strong And Orry the Dane stands proud King of the bloodstained field, Lifted on high by the shouldering crowd On the battered boss of his shield@! Yet, though such a man of blood, So terribly fierce and fell, King Orry the Dane had co@me hither for good, And governed the clans right well Freedom and laws and right, He sowed the good seed all round-And built up high in the people's sight Their famous Tynwald Mound ########################################################## who read these very lines to great effect at one of his Recitations, and thereafter produced at Manchester my play of Alfred. He was, amongst other accomplish@ments, a capital horseman, and when he galloped over the sands on his white horse, he would jump benches with their sitters, calling out Don't stir, we shall clear you! It would have required no small coolness and courage to have abided his charge, and though I saw him do this once, I question if he was allowed to repeat the exploit. In Douglas was also my artist-friend Corbould, visiti@ng at the romantic place of his relatives the Wilsons, who had to show numerous paintings and relics of John Martin, with whom in old days I had pleasant acquaint@ance at Chelsea and elsewhere. I remember that on one occasion when I asked him which picture of his own he considered his ############ was astonished at his reply, Sardanapalus's death,-and therein his jewels. Martin's Chelsea garden had its walls frescoed by him to look like views and avenues,-certainly effective, but rather in the style of Grimaldi's garden made gay by artificial flowers and Aladdin's gems, _à ###### Cockayne. At Bishop's Court too we had a very friendly reception from Bishop Powys, and in fact everywhere as usual your confessor found a cordial author's welcome in ################################################################## all was order from shore to shore In the fairest Isle of the Seas Though he came a destroyer, I wist He remained as a ruler to save, And yonder he sleeps in the roadside kist They call King Orry's Grave. NEVER GIVE UP, AND SOME OTHER BALLADS. Sundry of my short lyrics have gained a great popu@larity in particular Never give up, whereof there are extant-or were-no fewer than eight musical settings. Of this ballad, three stanzas, I have a strange story to tell. When I went to Philadelphia, on my first American tour in @1851, I was taken everywhere to see everything amongst others to Dr. Kirkland's vast in@stitute for the insane let me first state that he was not previously told of my coming visit. When I went over the various wards of the convalescents, I noticed that on each door was a printed placard with my Never give up upon it in full. Naturally I thought it was done so out of compliment. But on inquiry, Dr. Kirk@land didn't know who the author was, and little suspected it was myself. He had seen the verses, anonymous, in a newspaper, and judging them a good moral dose of hopefulness even for the half insane, placed them on every door to excellent effect. When to his astonish@ment he found the unknown author before him, greatly pleased, he asked if I would allow the patients@ to thank me of course I complied, and soon was surrounded by kneeling and weeping and kissing folks, grateful for the good hope my verses had helped them to. And ######################## years after, in 1876, I, again without notice, visited Dr. Kirkland at the same place, scarcely expecting to find him still living, and certainly not thinking that I should see my old ballad on the doors. But, when the happy doctor, looking not an hour older, though it was a quarter of a century, took me round to see his con@valescents, behold the same words greeted me in large print,-a@nd probably are there still the only change being that my name appears a@t foot. I gave them a two hours' reading in their handsome theatre, and I never had a more intensely attentive audience than those three hundred lunatics. The ballad runs thus,-if any wish to see it, as for the first time - Never give up@! it is wiser and better Always to hope than once to despair Fling off the load of Doubt's heavy fetter And break the dark spell of tyrannical care Never give up@! or the burden may sink you,-Providence kindly has mingled the cup, And, in all trials or troubles, bethink you The watchword of@ life@ must be Never give up@! Never give up@! there are chances and changes Helping the hopeful a hundred to one, And through the chaos High Wisdom arranges Ever success, if you'll only hope on Never give up! for the wisest is boldest, Knowing that Providence mingles the cup, And of all maxims the best as the oldest Is the true watchword of Never give up@! Never give up! though the grapeshot may rattle Or the full thunderbolt over you burst, Stand like a rock,-and the storm or the battle Little shall harm you, though doing their worst ################################### and spiritual stimulant these sentiments would be to many among the thousand patients under Dr. Kirkland's care. I recollect also now, that once when I read at Weston-super-Mare, wit@h Lord Cavan in the chair, a military man among the audience, on hearing me recite Never give up, came forward and shook hands, showing me out of his pocket-book a soiled newspaper cutting of the poem without my name, saying that it had cheered him all through the Crimea, and that he had always wished to find out the author. Of course we coalesced right heartily. Some other such anecdotes might be added, but this is enough. Year by year, for more than a dozen, I have give@n a harvest hymn to the jubilant agriculturists they have usually attained the honour of a musical setting, and been sung all over the land in many churches. Perhaps the best of them is one for which Bishop Samuel Wil@berforce wrote to thank me cordially for a real Chris@tian hymn with the true ring in it. There are, or were, many musical settings thereof, the best being one of a German ############################################### Providence wisely has mingled the cup, And the best counsel in all your distresses Is the stout watchword of Never give ############################################################## The God of our salvation Is love in all His ways He blesseth us, and feedeth Every creature of His hand, To succour him that needeth And to gladden all the land. Rejoice, ye happy people, And peal the changing chime From every belfried steeple In symphony sublime Let cottage and let palace Be thankful and rejoice, And woods and hills and valleys Re-echo the glad voice@! From glen, and plain, and city Let gracious incense rise@ The Lord of life and pity Hath heard His creatures' cries And where in fierce oppression Stalk'd fever, fear, and dearth, He pours a triple blessing To fill and fatten earth@! Gaze round in deep emotion The rich and ripened grain Is like a golden ocean Becalm'd upon the plain And we who late were weepers, Lest judgment should destroy, Now sing, because the reapers Are come again with joy@! O praise the Hand that giveth, And giveth evermore, To every soul that liveth Abundance flowing o'er@! For every soul He filleth With manna from above, Andover all distilleth The unction of His ################################################### years ago, has been exceedingly popular and I here make this extract from an early archive-book respecting it - Dr. Stanley, Bishop of Norwich, was so pleased with this said 'Song of Seventy' that he posted off to Hatchards' forthwith after seeing it quoted anony@mously in ############### inquire the author's name. It was published in One Thousand Lines. I composed it during a solitary walk near Hurstperpoint, Sussex, in 1845, near about when I wrote Never give up. Of my several ballads upon Gordon I think there were nine of them I will here enshrine one, printed in the newspapers of May 1884, and perhaps worthiest to be saved from ########################################################### heart and voice The good Almighty Father Who biddeth you rejoice For He hath turned the sadness Of His children into mirth, And we will sing with gladness The harvest-home of Earth. ########################################## lion roar, Or flung out Nelson's token Of duty as of yore, We should not now, too late, too late, Be saddened day by day, Dreading to hear of Gordon's fate, The victim of delay. He felt in isolation ################################################################ prophetic at the time, and we all have grieved for England's Christian hero ever since. When Lord Shaftesbury's lamented death lately touched the national heart, I @felt as others did and uttered this sentiment ################## not for him, as those who mourn the dead He lives! Ascended from that dying bed, Clad in an incense-cloud of hu@man love, And as his feet entered the golden door, With him flew in loud blessings of the poor While in a thrilling chorus from below-Millions of children, saved by him from woe, With their sweet voices joined the seraphim Who thronged in raptured haste to welcome him@! For God had given him grace, and place, and power To bless the destitute from hour to hour And from a child to fourscore years and four, All knew and lov'd the Helper of the ################################## Right sure that help would come Could he have dreamt that British power Which placed him at his post, In peril's long-expected hour Would leave him to be lost@? He lives alone for others,-Himself he scorns to ########## share their bloody grave@! Woe! woe to us! should England's glory, To our rulers' blame, Close gallant Gordon's wondrous story, England! in thy ########################################################################################## child@! O famished@ beggar-boy with hunger wild@! O rescued outcast, torn from sin and shame@! Ye know your friend-by myriads bless his name@! We need not utter it-The Good, The Great, These are his titles in that Blest Estate. I was much touched and pleased with this little anecdote to the purpose. Speaking casually to a bright-looking boy of the Shoeblack Brigade about Lord Shaftesbury the boy didn't know me from Adam , to find out how far he felt for his lost friend, with tears in his eyes he quoted to my astonishment part of the above, and told me that he and many of his mates knew it by heart, having seen it in some paper. I never said who wrote it probably he wouldn't have believed me if I had but left him happy with some pears. @Perhaps I may here add and all this has been part of My Life as an Author a couple of stanzas I wrote, but never have published till now on another worthy@ specimen of humanity, mourned in death by our highest ########## Simple, pious, honest man, Child of heaven while son of earth, We would praise, for praise we can, Thy good service, thy great worth Through long years of prosperous@ place In the sunshine of the Crown, With man's favour and @God's grace Humbly, bravely, walked ##### Bro@wn. Faithful to the ######## Prince, Faithful to the Widowed Queen, Loved,-as oft before and since Truth and zeal have ever been,-His no pedigree of pride, His no name of old renown, Yet in honour lived and died Nature's nobleman, John Brown. Also, I will here give, as it appea@rs nowhere else, a few lines to a dying brother, for the sake of record@ing his hopeful last three words -_Dear Brother #################### 'Life unto life@!' This was the whispered word That from my dying brother's lips I heard @Faintly and feebly uttered, in the strife Of Nature's agony,-'Life-unto-life!' Yea, brother! for thou livest@ death is dead, And life rejoiceth unto life insteadad No sins, no cares, no sorrows, and no pains,-But deep delights, unutterable gains, Now are thy portion in that higher sphere, The heritage of God's own children here Who loved their Lord awhile on ea@rth, and now Live to Him evermore in love-as thou@! And in this connection I will print here@ a psyc@holo@gical poem of mine, not to be found in any other of my books -_Memory._ ## When the soul passes Eternity's portal, In that Hereafter of Being Elsewhere, When this poor earthworm becomes an Immortal, Risen to Life Incorruptible There If in some semblance of spirit and feature, Still to be recognised one and the same, Not in its entity quite a new creature, But@ as a growth of the world whence it came,-II. Oh, what a river of gladness or sadness Then must gush out from quick memory's well, Infinite ecstasy, uttermost madness, As the quick conscience greets Heaven-or Hell@! Whilst he reviews old scenes and past travels, Grained in himself and engraved on his soul, As the knit robe of his timework unravels And his whole life is unmeshed to its goal. III. Yea, for within him, far more than without him, Works ever following, evil or good, Happiness, misery, circling about him, Plant a man's foot in the soil where he stood If he was sensual, sordid, and cruel, Sensual, cruel, and base let him be, If he have guarded his soul as a jewel, Holy and happy and blessed be he@! IV. For that the seeds both of Hell and of Heaven Darnel or wheat-corn, crowd memory's mart, And though all sin be repented, forgiven, Yet recollections must live in the heart Still resurrected each moment's each action Co@mes up for conscience to judge it again, Joy unto peace or remorse to distraction, Growing to infinite pleasure or pain. V. Thy many sins were the ruin of others, Though the chief sinner's own guilt may be waived What@! shall the doom of those sisters and brothers Not be a sorrow to thee that art saved@? Can utter selfishness be God's Nirwana, Blest-with our brethren of blessing bereft@? @@Must not His Heaven seem poorer and vainer, Where one is taken and others are left@?@@ VI. Oh, there is hope in His mercy for ever-Yea, for the worst, after ages of woe, Till on this side of the uttermost Never, Even the devils His mercy may know! Punished and purified, Justice and Reason Well would rejoice if the Judge on His throne Grant His salvation to all in full season, Ruling, in bliss, all His works as His own. VII. Every creature, redeemed and recovered Through the One sacrifice offered for all, Where sin and death so fatally hovered, Mercy triumphant in full o'er the fall@! Thus shall old memories harmonise sweetly With the grand heavenly anthem above, As this sad life that was shattered so fleetly, Then is made whole in the Infinite Love. It may count as one of my heresies in an orthodox theological sense, but I certainly cling to the great idea of Eternal Hope and, after any amount of retributive punishment for purifying the lost soul, I look for ultimate salvation to all God's creatures. This short and partial trial-scene of ours is not enough to make an end with we begin here and progress for ever else@where. Evil must die out, and good must survive alone for ever. Among@ my many fly-leave@s, scattered by thousands from time to time in handbills or in newspapers all over the world, those in which I have praised Protestantism and denounced the dishonesty of@ our ecclesiastic traitors have earned me the highest meed both of glory and shame from partisan opponents. Ever since in my boyhood, under the ministerial teaching of my rector, the cele@brated Hugh M'Neile, at Albury for many years, I closed with the Evangelical religion of the good old Low Church type, I have by my life and writings excited against me the theological hatred of High Church, and Broad Church, and No Church, and especially of the Roman@izers amongst our Established clergy. Sundry religious newspapers and other periodicals, whose names I will not blazon by recording, have systematically attacked and slandered me from early manhood to this hour, and have diligently kept up my notoriety or fame it was stupid enough of them from their point of view by quips and cranks, as well as by more serious onslaughts, about which I am very pachydermatous, albeit there are pasted down in my archive-books all the paragraphs that have reached me. But, even as in hydraulics, the harder you screw the greater the force, so with my combative nature, the more I am attacked the ################################################## I resist. Hence the multitude and variety of my polemical lucubrations,-mostly of a fragmentary character as Sibylline leaves some, however, appear in my @@@Ballads and Poems among them a famous Down with foreign priestcraft, circulated by thousands in the Midlands by an unknown enthusiast ,-and Ridgeway of Piccadilly has published in pamphlet form my Fifty Protestant Ballads and Directorium, which originally appeared in the _Daily News_, and _The Rock_ I have certainly written as many @more, and among these one which I wil@l here reproduce as now very scarce, and lately of some national importance seeing that it was sent by my friend Admiral Bedford Pim to every member of the two Houses of Legislature on the Bradlaugh occasion, and was stated to have turned the tide of battle in that celebrated case. ########### 'So help me, God@!' my@ heart at every@ turn Of life's wide wilderness implores Thee still To give all good, to rescue from all ill, And grant me grace Thy presence to discern. 'So help me, God@!' I would not move a yard Without my hand in Thine to be my guide, Thy love to bless, Thy bounty to provide, Thy fostering wing spread over me to guard. 'So help me, God!' the motto of my life, In every varied phase of chance and change, So that nought happens here of sad or strange But 'peace' is written on each frown of strife. For Thou dost help the man that honoureth Thee@! Ay, and Thy Christian-Israel of this land That hitherto hath recognised Thy hand, How blest above the nations still are we@! Yet now our Senate schemes to spurn aside On false pretence of liberal brotherhood The Heavenly Father of our earthly good, Because one atheist hath his God denied@! What, shall this wrong be done@? Must all of us Groan under coming judgment for the sin Of welcoming avowed blasphemers in To vote with rulers who misgovern thus@? So help us, God@! it shall not England's might Stands in religion practised and profest For so alone by blessing is she blest, Christian and Protestant in life and light. To gratify an eminent friend who wished not to ex@clude Jews and Mahometans from an open profession of godliness as they viewed the question, I altered, in subsequent reprints, the last line, Christian and Pro@testant in life and light, to Loving and fearing God in faith and light though personally my sturdy Orangeism inclined to the original. I will in this place give a remarkable extract in a letter to me from Glad@stone, to whom my faithfulness had appealed, exhorting him, as I often have done, to be on the right side we know how he quoted Lucretius on the wrong against which I wrote a strong protest in the _Times_. I like not to show private letters,-but this is manifestly a public one. He says I thank you for your note, and I can assure you that I believe the promoters of the Affirmation Bill to be already on the side you wish me to take, and its opponents to be engaged in doing un@wittingly serious injury to religious belief. It is strange to see how much intellectual subtlety combined with interested partisanship can be self-deceived, even in a man who believes himself and is thought by others thoroughly conscientious. Amongst other of my recent notorious ballads of the polemic sort, I ought to name a@ famous couple- The Nun's Appeal, and Open the Convents -which were written at the request of Lord Alfred Churchill, and given to Edith O'Gorman, the Escaped Nun otherwise the excellent and eloquent Mrs. Auffray , to aid her Protestant Lectures everywhere she has circulated them over the three kingdoms, and is now doing the like in Australia and New Zealand. In reply to some excellent members of the Romish Church, who have publicly accused me of maligning holy women and sacred retreats, my obvious answer is that I contend against the evil side both of nunneries and monkeries, whilst I may fairly admit some good to be found in both. My real protest is for liberty both to mind and body, and against coercion of any kind, material or spiritual. Given perfect freedom, I would not meddle with any one's honest convictions to a nunnery go if thou wilt only let the resolve be revocable, not a doom for ######### of my latest publications is that of my @@@Trilogy of Plays, with twelve dramatic scenes,-issued by Allen Co., of Waterloo Place. The first of the three, Alfred, was put upon the stage at Manchester by that ill-starred genius, Walter Montgomery, who was bringing it out also at the Haymarket, a very short time before his lamentable death. He was fond of the play and splendidly impersonated the hero-king, in the opening scene having trained his own white horse to gallop riderless across the stage when Alfred was supposed to have been defeated by the Danes. The vision in act ii. scene@ i. was thrillingly effective@ and the whole five acts went very well from beginning to end, the audience being preternaturally quiet,-which disconcerted me until my theatrical mentor praised the silence of that vast crowd, as the best possible sign of success they were held enthralled as one man till the end came, and then came thunder. Not thinking of what was expected of me in the way of thanks for the ovation their concluding cheers assailed me with, I got out of the theatre as quick as I could, and was half way to my hotel when two or three excited supers rushed after me with a Good God, Mr. Tupper, come back, come back, or the place will be torn down! so ############################### I hurried to the front-to encounter a tumult of applause although I must have looked rather ridiculous too, crossing the stage in my American cloak and brandishing an umbrella@! However, no one but myself seemed to notice the incongruity, and as I had humbly obeyed the people's will, they generously con@doned my first transgression. I ought to record that my heroine Bertha was charmingly acted by Miss Henrietta Hodgson, now Mrs. Labouchere, who will quite recollect her early triumph in Martin Tupper's first play. My best compliments and kindly remem@brance I here venture to offer to her. The second play, Raleigh, is very differently con@structed for whereas the time of action in Alfred was three days,-that of Raleigh was sixty years in fact with the former I @dramatised a single conquest, with the latter the varied battles of a long life. I have several times read all my plays before audiences at my readings, and know the points that tell. In Raleigh the introduction of Shakespeare, the cloak incident, the trial@ scene, Elizabeth's death, and the terrible climax of the @noble victim's execution on the stage, seemed chiefly to interest and excite the audience. I wrote Washington principally to please my@ many @friends in America, whither I was going for a second time but it rather damped me to find, when at Philadelphia during its Grand Exhibition, and was giving Readings out of my own Works through the Star Company, that my ################## objected to my proposal to read this new play of mine, with the remark,- No, sir, our people @are tired of George Washington,-he's quite played out give us anything else of yours you like. As he was my financial pro@vider, and paid well, of course I had to acquiesce. Perhaps the most interesting thing in the play was the account of my discovery of Washington's heraldry here is part of the passage the whole being too long to quote one asks@ Coat-of-a@rms?-what was this coat-of-arms? and Franklin answers,-ll ############# I've searched it out and known it for myself, When late in England there, at Herald's College And found the Washingtons of Wessyngton In county Durham and of Sulgrave Manor, County Northampton, bore upon their shield Three stars atop, two stripes across the field Gules-that is red-on white, and for the crest An eagle's head upspringing to the light, It's motto, Latin, Issue proveth acts. The architraves at Sulgrave testify, And sundry painted windows in the hall At Wessyngton, this was their family coat. They took it to their new Virginian home And at Mount Vernon I myself have noted An old cast-iron scutcheoned chimney-back Charged with that heraldry. In my first American Journal will be found more@ about this discovery of mine-in 1851-then quite new even to Americans. Here in London, Mr. Tuffley of Chelsea and Northampton has popularised the original coat-of-arms with a view to ornamental jewellery for our Transa@tlant@ic cousins. Among my twelve dramatic scenes, the most ap@propriate to mention in this volume of personalia, are the two which detail certain perilous matters affecting the@ lives of two ancient ancestors, the one on my mother's side, the other on my father's. The latter records the historic incident whereby John Tupper saved the Channel Islands for William and Mary re@ceiving from them a gold collar and medal, now in our heraldry and enabling Admiral Russell to win his naval victory at La Hogue. The former shows how nearly an Arthur Devis at Preston paid the penalty of death owing @to his strange resemblance to Charles Edward the Young Pretender, for whom the savage Government of the time offered a reward of £30,000 to any one who could catch him alive or dead. My mother's ancestor was thus very nearly murdered in 1745 for his good looks, as a life-sized portrait at Albury, and an ivory miniature here at Norwood, help to prove. If any wish to know more about these matters, I dare say that Messrs. Allen aforesaid have _one_ copy left if not, con@sult Mudie, that virtuous philanthropist who benefits the reading public at the cost of the private author. CHAPTER XXIV. ANTIQUARIANA. My most literary antiquarianism was an article I wrote for the _Quarterly Review_ on Coins, accepted by Lock@hart and inserted in one of the Nos. for 1843 he protested that I could not be the Proverbial Philoso@pher, as my looks were too like Da@vid's,-it must be my father. -No, I replied, it is my father's son. However, when he read and approved my Coin article, he began@ to be convinced. I give here his letter to me on his acceptance - Sir,-I am at present terribly overburdened with MSS., and know not whether I can send a proof of your paper for some weeks but I like it much, and it shall be put into type as soon as I can manage. I assure you I am greatly pleased, and sincerely your obliged J.@G. #################################### 1843_. I expostulated with him as to divers omissions for space' sake, and for some unauthorised alterations but editors are nothing if not autocratic, as we all know. My article I find it noted was written on the numis@matic works of Cardwell and of Akerman, and took me ten days in its composition, I tried Lockhart with a second article on Ancient Gems, but it failed to please@. I never had an interview with him but once, and then he seemed to me brusque and cynical at first, warming a little afterwards. I have written also on Druidism and the mystery of Easter Island, which I take to be the remains of a submerged Pacific continent, with its deified statues on the top of an extinct volcano. And I have flung my pen into many other _mélées_ of discussion both old and new for it may be stated as a@ feature in my literary life that I have had, one after another, all the ologies on my brain, and have personally made small collections of minerals, fossils, insects, and the like special hobbies having been agates picked up in my rambles on every beach from Yarmouth to Sid@mouth, and coins at Roman stations wherever I found them besides a host of numismatic treasures bought at Sotheby's auction-room, but long since sold again, as well as sundry Egyptian and other antiquities. In particular, the Roman discoveries at Farley Heath in the neighbourhood of Albury were mainly due to my juvenile antiquarianism, when as a student along with Harold Browne now Bishop of Winchester we used to search for coins there, and found one happy day a Gallienus all which I recorded years after in a now scarce booklet, Farley Heath, and its Roman Remains, p@ublished, with illustrations, by Andrews, @Guildford. Ultimately the finds of coin from Nero to Honorius , some being rare and finely patinated, as well as several small bronzes, and old British money, were given by Mr. Drummond who as lord of the manor employed labourers in the search for many months to the British Museum, where they fill a niche near the prehistoric room. Some of our finds were very curious, _e.g._, we were digging in the black mould of the bur@nt @@huts round the wall-foundation@s all above ground of said hectagonal wall having since been ruthlessly utilised by parochial economists in making a road across the heath , and found amongst other spoil a little green bronze ring,-which I placed on the finger of our guest of the day, Mrs. Barclay of Bury Hill oddly enough it had six angles exactly like one of gold she wore as her wedding-guard. Again we had picked up some pieces of pottery decorated with human finger-tips,-just as@ modern cooks do with pie-crust a son of mine said, perhaps we shall find a dog's foot on some tile,-and just as he said it, up came from the spade precisely what he was guessing at, the large foot@print of dog or wolf stamped fifteen centuries ago on the unbaked clay. Again I was leaving for an hour a labourer in whose industry and honesty I had not the fullest faith. So in order to employ him in my absence, I set him to dig up an old thorn bush and told him to give me when I returned the piece of money he would find under it. To my concealed but his own manifest astonishment, he gave me when I came back a worn large brass of Nero, saying with a scared face, How@ever could you tell it was there, sir? I looked wis@e, and said nothing. Among the rarest copper coins was one of Carausius our English Carew , with two heads on it symbolling the ambition of our native usurper to assert em@pire over East as well as West, and among more treasure-trove was a unique gold coin of Veric,-the Bericus of Tacitus as also the rare contents of a sub@@terranean potter's oven, preserved to our day, and yield@ing several whole vases. Mr. Akerman of numismatic@ fame told me that out of Rome itself he did not know a richer site for old-world curiosities than Farley in the course of years we found more than 1200 coins, besides Samian ware, and plenty of common pottery, as well as bronze ornaments, enamelled fibulae, weapons of war, household implements, c., both of the old British and the Roman, the Anglo-Saxon, and more recent periods Farley having been a praetorian station on the Ikenild highway. This is quite a relevant episode of my literary antiquariana. As also is another respecting My Mummy Wheat, a record of which found its way into print and made a stir many years ago. It grew from seeds given to me by Mr. Pettigrew out of an Amenti vase taken from a mummy pit by Sir Gardiner Wilkin@son, and very carefully resuscitated by myself in garden-pots filled with well-sifted mould at Albury it proved to be a new and prolific species of @the semi-bearded Talavera kind, and a longest ear of 8-1 2 inches in length engraved in an agricultural journal was sent by me to Prince Albert, then a zealous British farmer. Here I will add a very interesting letter to me on the subject from Faraday, the original being pasted among my autographs. It will be seen that he excuses having published my letter to him, and refuses to be called Doctor - ####################################### Sir,-Your note was a very pleasant event in my day of yesterday, and I thank you heartily for it, and rejoice with you at the success of the crop. It so happened that yesterday evening was the last of our meetings, and I had to speak in the lecture-roo@m. The subject was Lithotint but I placed the one ear in the library under a glass case, and after my first subject was over read the principal part of your letter-all that related to the wheat and the information was received with great interest by about 700 persons. Our President, Lord Prudhoe, was in the chair, and greatly desirous of knowing the age of the wheat. You know he is learned in Egyptian matters, and was anxious about the label or inscription accompanying the corn. I hope I have not done wrong, but I rather fear your letter will be pub@lished, or at least the wheat part, for a gentleman asked me whether he might copy it, and I instantly gave him leave, but found that he was connected with the press, the _Literary Gazette_. I hope you will not object since without thought on my part the matter has gone thus far. The news is so good and valuable that I do not wonder at the desire to have it,-Ever your obliged servant, M. Faraday. ##### Tupper, Esq., c. c. c. _P.S._-I am happy to say that I am pla@in Mr. Faraday, and if I have my wish shall keep so.-M.@F. An early volume of my so-called Critica Egotistica has many letters and printed communications on this subject but as not being a recognised agriculturist my@self, I did not wish it called by my name,-so it is only known in the markets chiefly I have heard in Essex as Mummy Wheat. Talking of declined honours in nomenclature, I may here mention that a new beetle, found by Vernon Wollaston and urged by him to be named after the utterly unsharded me who had how@ever gratified that distinguished entomologist by my poem on Beetles was respectfully refused the prefix of my name, as scarcely knowing a lepidopt from a coleopt. _Ne sutor ############## honour is to be given, let it be deserved. CHAPTER XXV. HONOURS-INVENTIONS. Authorship reaps honour in these latter days quite as much as it did in the classic times of Augustus with Virgil and Horace for his intimates, and of Petrarch crowned at the Capitol laureate of all Italy during the vacancy of a popedom in the Vatican. Not but that, with or without any titular distinction, authorship is practically the most noticeable rank amongst us. Many will pass by a duke who would have stopped and waited to have looked at a Darwin when he was in this lower sphere and I am quite sure that the grand presence of Alfred Tennyson would attract more affectionate hom@age than that of any other ennobled magnate in the land. As to his title, I was glad that his good taste and wisdom elected to be called by his own honourable patronymic rather than haply Farringford or Hazlemere how can great names consent to be eclipsed in such obscure signatures as Wantage or Esher, Hindlip or Glossop, Dalling or Grimsthorp@e? One gets quite at a loss to know who's who. My letter to the _Times_ of December 19, 1883, headed Literary Honours, in praise of Tennyson's elevation to the House of Lords, and showing how in every age all nations except our own have given honours to authors, literally from China to Peru, elicited plenty both of approval and of censure from journals of many denominations. As a matter inevitable when Baron Tennyson was gazetted, the less euphonious Tupper was stigmatised in the papers as desiring to be a Baron too,@-at all events, the _Echo_ said so, and the _Globe_ good-humouredly observed that he deserved the coronet. They little knew that in the summer of 1863 as para@graphs in my tenth volume of Archives are now before me to show the same derided scribe was seri@ously announced as about to be raised to the peer@age all over England and America see two available and respectable proofs in the _British Controversialist_ Houlston Wright for July 1863, p. 79,-and Bry@ant's _Evening Post_ for September 17, 1863. I name these, as the reverse of comic papers,-and publishing what they supposed true, as in fact was told me by the editors when inquired of. At the time I repudiated the false rumour openly -with all the greater readiness, inasmuch as I dispute both the justice of hereditary honour and the wisdom of hereditary legislation to say less of the _res ####### @domi_ which, in our Mam@monite time and clime, obliges money to support rank, even if, as in sundry late cases of raising to the peerage, it does not purchase it. It is fair also to state as a fact, that when@ my father for the second time refused his baronetcy, I, as eldest son, gave the casting vote against myself, not to im@poverish my four younger brothers,-all now gone before me to the better world,-and that, for reasons @mentioned above, I certainly could not take it now. Let this suffice as my reply to some recent sneers and strictures. As for letters of the alphabet attached to one's name, almost any one nowadays may have any amount of them by paying fees or subscriptions in particular, America has given me many honorary diplomas. And for the matter of gold medals, who can covet them, when even the creators of baking-powder and sewing-machines are surfeited therewith. My poor Prussian medal looks small in comparison. And then, as for knighthood, that ancient honour has been lately so abused that vanity itself could scarcely desire it, and even modesty now might hesitate in its acceptance. Albeit I have thus spoken only incidentally and with seeming carelessness about @my Prussian medal, I am reminded that it will interest readers if I here extract the Chevalier Bünsen's letter to me on the occasion. It runs thus in its integrity 4 ################################# My Dear Sir,-I owe you many apologies for not having answered earlier your letter of the 2d of August. The fact is that since that time I have been travelling all over England with the @Prince of Prussia. As to your work, I laid it myself before the King, who perused it with great pleasure, when I was at Berlin. I am now charged by His Majesty not only to express to you his thanks for having thought of him in sending him a book replete with so much Christian wisdom and experience, but also to present to you, in his Royal name, the _gold medal_ for science and literature, as a particular sign of regard. The medal will be delivered to you, or a person authorised by you, at the office of the Prussian Legation, any morning from 11 to 1 o'clock, Sunday of course excepted. Allow me to avail myself of this opportunity to renew to you my own thanks and the expression of my high regard, and believe me, yours ############################################################## Accordingly, I called@ myself and received the medal from the Chevalier, with whom afterwards I had half-an-hour's talk, chiefly about German history, in which by good fortune I was fairly posted, perhaps with a prescience that the ambassador might allude to it. An author, if he be a good man and a clever, worthy of his high vocation, already walks self-ennobled, circled by an aureola of spiritual glory such as no king can give, nor even all-devouring time, _edax rerum_, can take away. He really gains nothing by a title-no, not even Tennyson as in the next world, so in this, his works do follow him, and the Well done, good and faithful from this lower world which he has served is but the prelude of his welcome to that higher world wherein he hears the same good and faithful from the mouth of his Redeemer. ############## may be worth a page if I record here sundry inventions of mine, surely bits of authorship, which I found out for myself but did not patent, though others did. As thus -1. A simple and cheap safety horse-shoe,-secured by steel studs inserted into the ordinary soft iron shoes. 2. Glass screw-tops to bottles. 3. Steam-vessels with the wheels inside in fact, a double boat or catamaran, with the machinery amid-ships. 4. The introduction of coca-leaf to allay hunger, and to be as useful here as in Chili. 5. A pen to carry its own ink. 6. The colouring of photographs on the back. 7. Combined vulcanite and steel sheathing. There were also some other small matters wherein authorial energy busied itself. But although I had models made of some, and wrote about others, no good re@sults accrued to me. 1. As for the horse-shoes, black@smiths did _not_ want to lose custom by steel@ saving the iron. 2. For the glass-stoppers, I had against me all the cork trade, and the wine-merchants too, who recork old wines. 3. The steamers were never tried on a large scale, and models are pronounced deceptive. The coca loses most of its virtues when in a dried state. 5. The pen I had it made in silver, a long hollow handle ending with a conical point either grew clogged if the ink was too thick, or emitted blots@ when too thin. 6. An establishment@ in Leicester Square has since @@@worked on this idea. 7. I also troubled the Ordnance @Office, and had an interview with Sidney Herbert about two more futile inventions! one a composite cannon missile of quoits tied together another of a thick vul@canite sheathing for ships, over either wood or iron.@ I have letters on these to and from the office. Briefly, I did not gain fortune as an inventor though I urged my horse-shoe at least as a valuable thought, and one worth a trial, to save our poor horses on asphalte pave@ments and in hard frosts. It is a losing game to attempt to force an invention so many vested interests oppose, and so many are the competitors moreo@ver, some one always rushes into the pool@ of Bethesda before you. I thought also that there might as well be essence of tea, as well as of coffee but nothing came of it. Also amongst other of my addled eggs of invention, I may mention that in my chemistry days as a youth I suggested to a scientific neighbour, Dr. Kerrison, that glass might be rendered less fragile by being mixed in the casting with some chemical compound of lead,-much as now has come out in the patent toughened glass. Also we initiated mild experiments about an imitation of volcanic forces in melting pounded stone into moulds,-as recently done by Mr. Lindsay Bucknall with slag -but unluckily we found that the manufac@ture of basalt was beyond our small furnace power I fancied that apparently carved pinnacles and gurgoyles might be cast in stone and though beyond Dr. Kerrison and myself, perhaps it may still be done by the hot-blast melting up crushed granite. Among these small matters of an author's natural inventiveness, I will preserve here a few of the literary class _e.g._, 1. I claim to have discovered the etymology @of Punch, which Mark Antony Lower in his Patrony@mica says is a name the origin of which is in total obscurity. Now, I found it out thus,-when at Haver@fordwest in 1858 I saw over the ma@ntel of the hostelry, perhaps there still, a map of the Roman earthwork called locally Punch Castle and considering how that the neighbouring hills are named Precelly Procella, storm as often drawing down the rain-clouds,-that Caer Leon is Castrum Legionis, and that there is a Roman bridge over the little river there still styled Ultra Pontem-I decided at once that Pontii Castellum was the true name for Punch Castle. Of course, Pontius Pilate and Judas appear in the mediaeval puppet-plays as Punch and Judy,-while Toby refers to Tobit's dog, in a happy confusion of names and dates. The Pontius of the Castle was Pr@ater of the Second Legion. 2. Similarly, I found out the origin of Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall, c., to refer to the death of William the Conqueror _L'homme ### d@o@mpte_ , who was ruptured in leaping a burnt wall at Rouen being very stout,- he had a great fall, and burst asunder like Iscariot, while all the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't set Humpty Dumpty up again. We must remember that the wise Fools of those days dared not call magnates by their real names,-nor utter facts openly so accordingly 3 they turned Edward Long@shanks into Daddy Longlegs, -and 4 sang about King John's raid upon the monks, and the consequent famine to the poor, in Four and twenty blackbirds baked in a pie, c.,-the key to this interpretation being a dainty dish to set before the king, John being a notorious glutton. My friends at Ledbury Manor, where there is a gallery full of my uncle Arthur's Indian pictures, will remember how I expounded all this to them some years ago. In this connection of literary discovery, let me here give my exposition of the mystic number in Revelations, 666,-which, _more meo_ I printed thus on a very scarce fly-leaf, as one of my Protestant Ballads not in any book - Here is wisdom-Let him that hath understanding count the number of the Beast-for it is the number of a Man-and his number is six hundred threescore and six. -Rev. xiii. 18. Count up the sum of Greek numeral letters 'Kakoi Episkopoi'-bishops all ill Strangely I note @that those mystical fetters Bind in their number this mystery still-Six hundred threescore and six is the total, Spelling the number and name of a man, Chief of bad bishops and lies sacerdotal, That of all wickedness stands in the van. Antichrist@! what@? can a feeble old creature, Pope though they style him, be rank'd in his place As the Goliath in fashion and feature Warring gigantic with God and His grace? Is he so great-to be dreaded, abhorrèd, Single antagonist, braving God's wrath, Bearing foul Babylon's seal on his forehead, Chosen Triumvir with Sin and with Death@? Yea the presumption of priestly succession Make the _all one_ a whole Popedom of Time, So that each head for his hour of possession Wears the tiara of ages of crime Rome is infallible, Rome is eternal, Rome is unchangeable, cruel, and strong, Leagued with the legions of darkness infernal, Crushing all right and upholding all wrong. Note.-The value of the Greek letters, as numerals, in the two words above, is as follows -The three kappas 60, the three omicrons 210, the three iotas 30, the two pis 160, the one sigma 200, the one epsilon 5, and the one alpha @1 in all exactly making 666. This is a private interpretation of the writer's own discovery, not to be found elsewhere, and quite as convincing as Lateinos and the inscription on St. Peter's. My friend Evelyn contributed to the perfection of the discovery. It was he who suggested Kakoi to Episcopoi, to make up the number. There are also some who say that our eccentric Premier's name sums up ominously to the same three sixes. CHAPTER XXVI. COURTLY AND MUSICAL. My several royal poems, some twenty in number, may deserve a short and special notice though it is far from my intention to detail any gracious condescensions of a private nature. I may however state, as a curiosity of literature, that the 35th of my Three Hundred Sonnets, published by Virtue in 1860, is headed India's Empress, written certainly twenty years before such a title was thought of, even by Lord Beaconsfield in his pupa phase of D'Israeli. As very few have the volume, long out of print, I will here produce that fortunate prophecy the way chaotic is the Sepoy Mutiny - Our Empress Queen!-Victoria's name of glory Added as England's grace to Hindostan O climax to this age's wondrous story, Full of new hope to India, and to Man In heathendom's dark places@! For the light Of our Jerusalem shall now shine there Brighter than ever since the world began -Yet by a way chaotic, drear and gory Travelled this blessing as a martyr might Wrestling to heaven through tortures unaware Our Empress Queen! for thee thy people's pray'r All round the globe to God ascends united, That He may strengthen thee no guilt to spa@re Nor leave one act of goodness unrequited. Another such curiosity of literature may this be considered namely, that the same versifier who in his youth fifty years ago saw the coronation from a gallery seat in Westminster Abbey, overlooking the central space, and wrote a well-known ode on the occasion, to be found in his Miscellaneous Poems, is still in full force and loyalty, and ready to supply one for his Queen's jubilee,@-whereof words for music will be found anon. Human life has not many such completed cycles to celebrate, albeit I have lately had a golden wedding alas! in a short month after, closed by the good wife's sudden death So soon trod sorrow on the heels of joy! But I will not speak of that affliction here and now my present errand is more cheerful. With reference, then, to the many verses of mine which I have reason to hope are honoured by preservation in royal albums, I wish only to say that if some few have appeared among my other poetries in print, they shall not be repeated here though I may record that whatever I have sent from time to time have been gra@@ciously acknowledged, and that I have heretofore met with palatial welcomes. Perhaps I may say a word or two about my having for the best part of half a century occasionally made my duteous bow at Court which I thought it right to do whenever some poetic offering of mine had been received@@ in particular at the Princess Royal's marriage, when Prince Albert specially invited me to Buckingham Palace, presenting me kindly to the heir of Prussia, and bidding, Wales come and shake hands with Mr. Tupper my genial Prince will recollect it and above all adding the honour of personal conversation with Her Majesty. Of these thus briefly also I might record but I forbear similar condescensions at Frogmore as also with reference to my little Masques of the Seasons, and the Nations-wherein Corbould was pictorially so efficient, and Miss Hildyard so helpful in the cos@tumes-both at Osborne and at Windsor. In gracious recognition of these Her Majesty gave me Winter@halter's engravings of all the royal children, now at Albury, as well as some gifts to my daughters. The Masques will be found among my published poems. At Court I frequently met Lord Houghton, known to me in ancient days as Monckton Milnes and I remem@ber that we especially came together from sympathy as to critical castigation, ######## or some other Scotch reviewer having fallen foul of both of us, then young poets and therefore to be hounded down by Professor Wilson , in an article pasted in an early volume of Archives, spitefully disparaging Farquhar Tupper and Monckton Milnes. Until these days every one wore the antiquated Queen Anne Court suit, now superseded by modern garments, perhaps more convenient but certainly not so picturesque. Bagwig and flowered waistcoat, and hanging cast-steel rapier, and silken calves and buckled shoes,-and above all the abundant real point lace upon which Lord Houghton more than once has commented with me as to the comparative superiority of his or mine,-both being of ancestral dinginess, and only to be washed in coffee -these are ill exchanged for boots and trousers and straight black sword, and everything of grace and beauty diligently tailored away. When I last attended at St. James's in honour of Prince Albert Victor's first reception, I was, among twelve hundred, one of only three units who paid our respects in the stately fashions of Good Queen Anne and I was glad to be compli@mented on my social courage as almost alone in those antiquated garments, and on my profusion of snow-white hair so suitably suggestive of the powdered polls of our ancestors. I remember my father in powder. On this last occasion it was, as I have said, especially to pay my respects to the young Prince at his first _levée _ both he and his father with great kindness cordially shaking hands with the author of the follow@ing stanzas. The young Prince stood between his father and his kinsman, the Duke of Cambridge. Albert Victor! words of blessing Bright with omens of the best, Truly one such names possessing Shall be throned among the blest Albert,-sainted now and glorious, Long time in his heavenly rest@ Victor,-everyway victorious Like our Empress east and west@! Prince@! to-da@y the Court bears witness How, thy Royal Sire beside, With due graciousness and fitness, Dignity devoid of pride, Thou thy gallant kinsman near thee Dost with homage far and wide, And the praise of all to cheer thee, Humbly meet that glittering tide@! Prince, accept an old man's greeting, Now some threescore and fifteen, Who can testify how fleeting Life and all its joys have been I have known thy@ Grandsire's favour, And thy Parents' grace have seen And I note the same sweet savour In the Grandson of my Queen@@! As this is the Jubilee year, and I may not live to its completion,-for who can depend upon an hour?-I will here produce what has just occurred to my pat@riotism as a suitable ode on the great occasion. If short, it is all the better for music, and I humbly recom@mend its adoption as _libretto_ to some chief musical ################################################# O Land@! Imperial Realm, rejoice@! Wherever round the world Our standard floats unfurl'd, Let every heart exult in music's voice@! Be glad, O grateful England, Triumphant shout and sing, Land@! As from each belfried steeple The clanging joy-bells sound, Let all our happy people The wandering world around, Rejoice with the joy this jubilee brings, Circling the globe as with seraphim ########################### the wondrous story, Praise all praise above@! Fifty years of glory, Fifty years of love@! Chastened by much sadness, Mid the dark of death, But illu@med with gladness By the sun of faith What a life, O Nations, What a reign is seen In the con@summations Crowning Britain's ############################## of Earth, and Graces of Heaven, God in His love hath abundantly given, More by a year than seven times seven, Blessing our Empress, the Queen@! Secrets of Science, and marvels of Art, Health of the home, and wealth of the mart, All that is best for the mind and the heart, Crowded around her are seen. Honour, Religion, and Plenty are hers, Peace, and all heavenly messengers, While loyalty every spirit upstirs To shout aloud, God save the Queen! Here the words end, as brevity is wisdom. But the music, as a majestic finale, might include touches of Rule Britannia, Luther's Hymn, and the National Anthem. I have asked my friend Mr. Manns if he will set my words to music, but his modesty declines, as he pro@fesses to be mainly a conductor rather than a composer and he recommends me to apply to some more famous musician, as perhaps Sullivan, or Macfarren, or haply Count Gleichen. All I can say is, nothing would be more gratifying to my muse than for either of those@ great names to adapt my poetry to his melody. Suitably enough, I may here insert@ a page as to my own musical idiosyncrasy as a bit of author-life. Keble is said to have had no@ ear for a tune, however perfect as to rhyme and rhythm and there are those who suppose my tympanum to be similarly deficient, though I persistently dispute it. Living when at Norwood within constant free hearing of the best music in the world, at the Crystal Palace, I ought to be musical, if not always so accredited but I do penitentially con@fess to occasional weariness in over long repeated sym@phonies, where the sweet little _motif_ is always trying to get out but is cruelly driven back,-in the endlessness of fugues, and what seems to my offended ear the use@less waste of tone and power in extreme instrumenta@tion, and in divers other disinclinings I cannot but acknowledge as to what is called classical music. Ac@cordingly, no one can accuse me of being _fanatico per la musica_ albeit I am transported too by for ex@ample Handel's largo in G, by the Prayer in Mosé in Egitto, the Lost Chord, Rossini's Tell, Weber's Freis@chutz and Oberon, Tannhauser, Semiramide, and all manner of marches, choruses, ballads, and national airs. In fact, I really do like music,@ especially if tune@ful and melodious, in spite of Wagner's apothegm, but some symphonies might be better if curtailed,-except only Schubert's,-but then his best is the Unfinished, and so the shortest. In my youth I learnt the double flageolet, and could play it fairly. All this wherein I am but the honest spokesman for many who do not like to confess as much is introduc@tory in my authorial capacity to this short poem, not long since@ pencilled in the concert-room and given to Mr. Manns as soon as clearly written. I insert it here very much to give pleasure to one who so continually ministers to the pleasure of thousands and I hope so@me day soon to greet him Sir August, as he well deserves a knighthood. ########### Marvellous orchestra! concert of heaven, Mingling more notes than the musical seven, Harmonious discords of treble and base In strange combinations of guilt and of grace-O whose is the ear that can hear you aright, And note the dark providence mixt with the light@? Where, where is the eye that is swift to discern This lesson in music the dull ear should learn,-That all, from the seraphim harping on high Down, down to the lowest, fit chords can supply To the paean of praises in every tone, With thunders and melodies circling the Throne@! We are each a brief note in that wonderful hymn, And to us its Oneness is hazy and dim We hear the few sounds from the viol we play, But all the full chorus floats far and away Our poor little pipe of an instant is drown'd In the glorious rush of that ocean of sound The player hears nothing beyond his own bars, Whilst all that grand symphony reaches the stars Yet, though our piping seems but little worth It adds to the Anthem Creation pours forth, And, whether we know it or not, we can give Not a note more or less in the life@ that we live. Ah me! we are nothing-or little at best-But duty with greatness the least can invest One note on the flute or the trumpet may seem A poor petty work for ambition's fond dream,-But what if that note be a need-be to blend And quicken the score from beginning to end@? To show forth the mind of the Master, who guides With b@aton unerring Time's mixture of tides, The good with the evil, the blessing and bane, The Amazon rushing far into the main, Until, from this skill'd combination of notes, Bound earth to the heavens His overture ############## or two about my connection with the Royal Society may have some small interest. When my father who had long been a Fellow died in 1844,@ I wished to give to the Society his marble bust by Behnes as a memorial of honour to@ him but my mother pre@ferred to keep it, as was natural. Meanwhile, how@ever, some of my father's friends, and in particular his old patron, Lord Melbourne, then recently elected, put me up as a candidate, and as I find recorded in my Archive-book, vol. ii., my certificate was signed by Argyll, Bristol, Henry Hallam, Thomas Brande, Dr. Paris, P.B.C.S., Sir C.@M. Clarke, and Sir Benjamin Brodie in due time I was elected, and on the 8th of May 1845 was admitted by Lord Northampton. At my election occurred this very strange and characteristic incident. There was only one ball against me among twenty-seven for me in the ballot-box the meetings were then held at Somerset House, the Society on a less numerous scale than at present, and the elections easier and more frequent. When the President announced the result, up jumped Lord Melbourne, begging pardon for his mistake in having dropped his ball into the wrong hole!-an amusing instance of ########################## habitual to that good-humoured ################################## I have now been more than forty years a Fellow, I ought to be ashamed to confess that I never contri@buted a Paper to its learned Proceedings all of which as they co@me to me I give appropriately enough to the famous Wotton Library, belonging to my excellent friend Evelyn, heir and successor to the celebrated John Evelyn of the Sylva, one of the Society's founders. That I have seldom even read them is also a pitiful truth for the mysterious nomenclature of modern chemistry, the incomprehensibility to my ignorance of the higher mathematics, the hopeless profundity of treatises on the tides, dynamics, electricity, and micro@scopic anatomicals, are, I am free to avow, worse to me than heathen Greek, nay for I _can_ in some sort tackle that , more difficult than the clay tablets of Assyria or a papyrus of Rameses II. So I must confess to being an idle drone among the working bees. Only thrice have I ventured to ask questions of consequence, scarcely yet answered by the pundits. One regards Spectrum Analysis How can we be sure that the lines indicative of gases and other elements are not mainly due to the emanations from our own globe, swathed as it is by more than forty miles of an atmosphere impregnated by its own salts and acids in aerial solution? May we not be deducing false con@clusions as to the varying lights of stars and nebulae, if all the while to our vision they are as it were clouded by our own smoke@?@@ Telescopes have to pierce so thick a stratum of earth's aura and ether that it is expectable they, would show us only our own composites in those of other worlds. The spectra are varied, I know, but so may be our wrappings of atmosphere from one night to another. Let this ignorant query suffice about Dr. Huggins' great discovery. Again, I certainly after some knowledge of strange facts could have wished that Mr. Crookes's philoso@phical spiritualism had met with a more patient hear@ing than Dr. Carpenter or Mr. Huxley offered at the time and that Faraday's clumsy mechanical refutation of table-turning had not been considered so conclusive. For there really are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, c., than even your omniscience is aware of and without pinning faith on Madame Blavatsky, or Mr. Hume, or any other wonder-worker from America or Thibet, there doubtless are petty miracles in what is called spiritualism possibly some form of electricity that demand more scrutinythan our materialists will have the patience to vouchsafe I for one believe in human testimony even as to the miraculous. For a third and last inquiry justly indignant at the horrors of Continental vivisection, and especially in our own humane England at Dr. Ferrier's red-hot wires thrust into live monkeys' brains, I have often vainly asked _cui bono_ such terrible cruelty? @@The highest authorities are at variance with each other as to the practical utility in human therapeutics of experiments upon agonised brutes but all must be agreed that, so far as morals are concerned, vivisection only hardens the heart and sears the feelings and conscience of doc@tors who may surround the dying-@bed of our dearest, and very possibly make capital of peculiar symptoms in their patient, by experiments transferred from dogs and rabbits to himself@! Single votes are useless against the annual list of selected candidates, or I for one would have at all inconvenience testified both at Oxford@ and in the Royal Society against the election of a certain Professor whose glory lies in vivisection. For an appropriate end to these discursive sentences, let me add this poetic morsel in my own vein. Mr. Butler of Philadelphia was quite right in his judgment of my _indoles_ I write by impulse on occasion. Here is a very recent instance in point. I had lately visited Mr. Barraud's painted-window works near Seven Dials, and when I told Mr. Herbert Rix, our Assistant-Secretary, of what you may read below, he exhorted me to put it into verse, which I did impromptu, and sent it to him now thus first printed - I saw the artist in a colour-shop Staining some bits of glass variously shaped To map the painted window of a church, And marvelled that the tintings all seemed wrong@@ Red, green, and brown should have been interchanged To show the colours right. Why did he use His brush so carelessly, my folly asked. 'Wait for the fire,-the fire will make all right, The reds and greens and browns will change again, Fusing harmoniously,' so Knowledge spake And thus a thought of wisdom came to me Touching the truth, how kindly curative Must be the pains and cares and griefs of life, For that the furnace of adversity, Melts to its proper good each seeming ill. Again, I noticed how the artist chose Not clear good glass, whether of plate or crown, But common-looking stuff, bubbled and flawed, As if selected for its blemishes Rather than for transparent purity. 'Why not choose better glass to paint upon@?' To this he answered, 'Wouldn't do at all. My faces mustn't look lifeless and dull, But, as instinct with motion, light and life, Not in enamelled uniformity The sunshine cannot sparkle where all's smooth I choose the most imperfect panes to make A perfect, vigorous picture.'-Then I learnt How wonderfully Providence is pleased To cause all evil things to help the good Nay, deeper, to ordain that good itself Can scarcely be discerned without the harm Of some companion-ill even as gold Is useless unalloyed and Very Light Unshadowed kills, as unapproachable And absolute unmitigated good Alone is Godhead. Every creature here In this our human trial-world at least Is full of faults and spots and blemishes, If only to set off his better self, His talents, graces, excellent good gifts, Burnt in the fire to brighter excellence And fused harmonious into perfect man. I have often thought that our Great Teacher's par@ables were true pictures of things around Him He painted from living models, impulsively and on occa@sion. The prodigal son, the unjust judge, the rich fool, the camel unladen to pass the narrow tunnel of the needle's eye, the lost sheep, the found piece of money and the like,-all were real incidents made use of by His wisdom, who spake as never man spake, and did all@ things well. CHAPTER XXVIII. PERSONATION. It has several times happened to me, as doubtless to others of my brethren, to find that I have been person@ated, certainly to my considerable discredit. Take these instances. When at Brighton, a fellow had the effron@tery to collect money in my name, and I suppose he somewhat resembled me, as I heard more than once that I had been seen here and there, where I undoubtedly was not, and proved an _alibi_. At Bignor, where I went to see some Roman pavements on the property of a Sussex yeoman of my name very possibly a German cousin the owner received me with more than suspicion when I said who I was,-because the true Martin Tupper had been his guest for a week, and brought him a book he had written, and one of mine then was lying on the table@! But I soon made it clear that he had been deceived, and that the real Simon Pure was now before him. Divers other cases might be mentioned however, perhaps the most curious is this, and I extract the whole statement from one of my scrap-books now before me. It is headed An anecdote to account for certain slanders, the date being August 1865 -@ I have heard it seriously asserted of me that I am a great pugilist@! and very far in conduct and manners from what one might expect, and so forth. Now it has just come to my knowledge that a sporting publican and dog-fancier, who called his public-house in the Waterloo Road 'The Greyhound' my crest , and has my name over the lintel, has claimed to be the author, and is supposed to be myself@! Mr. Payne my publisher told me about the 'pugilist,' and said he had heard it in the clubs that I was a match for Sayers,-as I conclude my sporting namesake is. In America, too, I found that my double lived at Hardwick, Worcester Co., N.Y., and that another Martin hailed from Buffalo. So, like poor Edgar Poe, who had to suffer from the machinations of a profligate brother, who gave Edgar's name whenever he got into a scrape, I may have sometimes been credited with the sins of strangers. No one is free from this sort of calumny. We all have heard of Sheridan's wicked witticism, in that when taken up in Pall Mall for drunkenness, he gave his name Wilberforce and it is said that he got drunk on purpose to say so@! My venerable friend, Thomas Cooper, the pious and eloquent old Chartist, has been similarly confused with Robert Cooper, the atheist, lecturer not but that Thomas had once been an atheist too. In this connection, here is a curiously compli@cated case of _alibi_, which I abstract _verbatim_ from one of @my Archive-books. On Sunday, the 17th of September 1848, I was all the afternoon and evening at my houseon Furze Hill, Brighton, quietly reading and teaching my children, c. Next day the 'Rev. J.@C. Richmond an American friend called with me on the Rev. Mr. Vaughan, and in the course of conversation the latter said to me in a good-natured tone of rebuke 'Some of my congregation tell me they saw you yesterday afternoon smoking a cigar in a fly on the Marine Parade.' I had hardly time to deny the soft impeachment, which I might well have done with emphasis, as a loather of cigars, and as little as possible a traveller on Sundays, when Richmond broke out with 'That's impossible for I saw him myself in Shoreham Church five miles distant , and noticed that he went away in the middle of the sermon, as I supposed, to get home to Mrs. Tupper.' Mr. Richmond says he could have made oath that I had been there, and that he told several persons after church that I 'had heard part of the sermon in the afternoon.' So, upon human and trustworthy evidence, I could have been proved to have been in three places at once. My fetch similarly once rescued a young lady from death on Snowdon at least a stranger in company once came up to me, to thank me for my prowess in having stopped his daughter's pony, which had run away down, the mountain@!-in vain I denied it -and he addressed me by my name, too@! Somebody must have given him my card by accident. And let me here allude if I can without indelicacy t@o another sort of personation of more financial impor@tance to myself. Lately, I have seen some not very refined nor considerate paragraphs in American papers Mr. Bok@@, a Brooklyn editor, has told me that more than four hundred repeated them to the effect that in the battle of life I had-truly enough-suffered reverses, and needed material help from my many professing friends. Moreover I have heard it stated that so@me sort of collection was volunteered for me. Well, this may have been the case or not but anyhow the fact is and it@ should be@ announced to those who may have given-and wonder at no acknowledgment of their kindness having come from me that to this hour I have received nothing from America except a few dollars sent by one lady, and some more from a Trans@atlantic relative , either on account of my so-called testimonial, or these more recent paragraphs. The annoyance in my own mind, and in the suspicion of some others round me, is the awkward fancy that sundry small collections may have been intercepted. Possibly some other Martin Tupper has the spoil. Another sort of dishonest personation whereto we are all liable, whether authors or not, is the having imputed to us divers forged or garbled sentiments, even in the immutability of print, I have now before me a Boston copy of my first Proverbial published by one Joseph Dowe in 1840, which, though stated to be from the London edition, designedly omits all allusion to the Trinity, even my whole essay thereon, for Mr. Dowe as a Unitarian chose to make me one@! Also, I have seen my name attached to verses I never wrote, and have been claimed both by Swedenborgians and Freemasons as a brother, while Jesuitry has otherwise traduced me. Artists also as well as authors are similarly misrepre@sented my son-in-law, Clayton Adams, for instance, tells me that his name has been added to landscapes he never painted, and that they sold by auction at high prices. Modern society should punish such cheateries severely. CHAPTER XXIX. HOSPITALITIES-FARNHAM, ETC. Amongst other memorabilia in no particular order, let me set down a few visits, longer than a mere call, to sundry persons and places of note. As these, for instance. Annually during many years I used to be a guest from Thursday to Monday at Farnham Castle, when the good Bishop's venison was in season. Of course, at such a table I constantly met celebrities, but a mere list of their names would be tedious, and any public record of private hospitalities I hold to be improper. No doubt the kindly and courtly Bishop Sumner held high festival like an ancient Baron, at such a rate for those were golden times from renewed @leases for the see as no successor with a less unlimited income could well afford. The grandeur of Farnham Castle died with him and my good friend from boy@hood, Bishop Harold Browne, must not be blamed if with less than half his means he cannot compete with him. I was enabled to gratify Bishop Sumner in a way that touched his heart, as thus. A cousin of mine, De Lara Tupper of Rio Janeiro, a rich merchant prince there, sent me, as a present for my Albury greenhouse, two large bales of orchids, which, however, were practically useless to me, as I had not that expensive luxury, a regular orchid-house. But I knew that the dear Bishop had, and that orchid-growing was his special hobby ac@@cordingly all were transferred to Farnham, and I need not say how gratefully accepted, as many roots proved to be most rare, and some specimens quite unique. The good man gave me, _en révanche_, a splendid Horace, in white vellum beautifully illustrated, and inscribed by him Gratiarum actio, now near me in a bookcase. The same South American cousin sent me also a box of pines, oranges, and shaddocks just when Garibaldi was our visitor at Princes Gate,-and I had the gratification of giving many to him, not only because he mainly lived upon fruit, but also because some of the said fruit came from the farm he and his first wife, the well-beloved Anita, had once owned in South America. Later on, Gladstone invited me to meet the hero at a reception in Carlton Gardens, where I took note of Garibaldi, with his hostess on his arm, as he walked in his simple red shirt, through a bowing lane of feathered fashionables, whom he greeted right and left as if he had been always used to such London high life. On that occa@sion I had the honour of standing between Palmerston and Lord John Russell, who kindly conversed with me, as also did the chief guest, specially thanking me for those pines and oranges. @Parham. Another notable visit of some days, was one to Par@ham, the ancient-and haunted-seat of my old friend both at Charterhouse and at Christ Church, Robert Curzon, afterwards Lord de la Zouche, the great col@lector of Armenian and other missals and manuscripts. With him alas@! no more amongst us, and his son has dropped the@@@ de la I spent a joyful and instructive time out of doors we fished in the lake and rode about the park among the antlered deer,-three heads and horns whereof are now in our glass-porch entrance at Albury indoors, there was the splendid gallery of family armour from feudal days,-several suits of which Curzon told me he had tried to wear on some occasion, but couldn't most were too small for him, though by no means a tall man and those which he could struggle into were too heavy.@ Then there was the interminable companion gallery of full-length portraits, some of whom, probably the wicked ancestors, _walked_! and I'm sure that when I slept in a tapestried chamber under that gallery, I did hear footsteps-could it be, horrible fancy@! in procession@? When I told Curzon this, he answered that he had often heard them himself, from boyhood, but that familiarity bred contempt he said also, with a twinkle in his eye, that there _was_ a room which was usually set apart for new-married couples, as such would probably not be so much startled as lonely maids and bachelors might be, at the whis@pered conversations across the bed@! Moreover, evil wings possibly owls or bats, looking after glow-worm candles occasionally flapped at the casements. But Curzon was a humorist as well as inventive. Perhaps one secret as to ghosts at Parham lay in the fact that in the old thick walls were concealed staircases and@@@ priests' chambers, which possibly might be of use, even now, to vagrant lovers like Mr. Pickwick at Ipswich , or perhaps sleep-walkers,-or burglarious, thieves. Anyhow, I liked to lock my bedroom door there,-as indeed I do generally elsewhere, if lock and key are in good agreement for once I couldn't get@ out without the surgical operation of a carpenter, having too securely locked myself in. This shall not happen twice, if I can help it. Curzon's great glory, how@ever, was his library, full of rarities he showed me, amongst other MSS., his unique purple parchments, with gold letter types, being if I remember rightly Constantine's own copy of the New Testament and, to pass by other curios, some tiny Elzevirs uncut imagine his horror when I volunteered to cut these open for him@!-their chief and priceless wonder being that no eye has ever seen, nor ever can see, the insides @of those virgin pages@! I know there is such a rabies as bibliomania,-and I have myself, at Albury, a breeches Bible, which belonged to a@ maternal an@cestor, a Faulkner, of course valued beyond its worth as a readable volume and I might name many other instances but to esteem a book chiefly because it has never been cut open, did strike my ignorance as an abnormal fatuity. Curzon was one of our Aristotelians, as before mentioned. ############# I am also mindfu@l of a very pleasant week spent long ago at Shenstone's Leasowes, a beautiful estate near Birmingham, now being dug up for coal even as Hamil@ton is, where in those days some good friends of mine resided, of whom now departed like so many others I have most kindly recollections. The hostess, a charm@ing and intelligent lady of the old school, wearing her own white ringlets, used to have many talks with me about Emanuel Swedenborg, a half-inspired genius whom she much favoured the host, a genial county magnate, did@ his best to enable me to catch trout where Shen@@@stone used to sing about them, and tried to interest me in farm improvements but my chief @memory of those days is this. Whilst I was there, a splendid testimonial in silver arrived in a fly from Birmingham, well guarded by a couple of police against possible roughs, the result of a zealous gathering from his political supporters and that Testimonial, little Testy as I called it, was a source of care and dilemma to everybody for care, it was immediately locked away for fear of burglars and as to dilemma, the white elephant was too tall for the centre of a table, and too short to stand upon the floor. It seemed closely to illustrate to my mind that wise text about a man's life and his possessions. The cheerful spirit of the mansion and its inmates seemed quite sub@dued by this unwelcome acquisition. When at the Leasowes, I produced some suitable poems which were very kindly received here is one of them, hitherto unprinted. ####################### @of at ###################### 1857, as per order._ And so you claim a verse of me, good friend, As from the inspiration of the place Well then,-from pastoral trash may taste defend Your pleasant Leasowes, and the human race@! The Gentle Shepherd's day has had an end, Nor even could melodious Shenstone here False and inflated, we must all allow , Excite one glowing thought or pensive tear Unless indeed of wrath or pity now Yet dearly can I love these tumbling hills With roughly wooded winding glens between, Set with clear trout pools link'd by gurgling rills And all so natural and calm and green, That served to enervate your Poetaster But only strengthen now their Iron Master. I will also record a hospitable sojourn in old days at Northwood Park, the splendid abode of Isle-of-Wight Ward grandfather to my school and college friend Ward of the Aristotle class and Oxonian persecution , where@ I once spent a week in my father's time and similarly a visit at Lord Spencer's perfect villa near Ryde and at other pleasant homes, made to me frequently welcome, the chief being Wotton, the classic mansion of one of my oldest friends. Also long ago,-see a former page,-I purposely dis@missed with only a word our lengthened visits in my father's day at Inveraray Castle with the old Duke of Argyll, and Holkar Hall with Lord George Cavendish, as private domesticities,-whilst a casual other few as at Ardgowan, Rozelle, Herriard, Losely, and the like, grate@fully on my memory, shall be thus briefly recorded here Ardgowan is the magnificent abode of my friend Sir Michael Shaw-Stewart, after whose grandmother as my sponsor I am named Farquhar Rozelle,@ the hospitable mansion of Captain Hamilton, where I sojourned many days, meeting the _élite_ of Ayr, and among them the aged niece of Burns in the poet's own country Herriard House, my old school-friend Frank Ellis's heritage under his name of Jervoise, and Losely- of the manuscripts, where I have often visited my late excellent friend James More Molyneux. Of course, like everybody else who may be lifted a @trifle above the crowd, I have experienced, almost an@nually, the splendid hospitalities of the Mansion House and most of the City Companies may they long con@tinue, and not be spunged away by Radical meanness@! all classes are united and gratified thereby, for the poorest get the luxurious leavings, and the feasts are paid for by benefactors long departed from the scenes of their successful merchandise. All that seeming prodi@gality and luxury have good uses. But I will mention of course without the hint of a name or place one only instance of excessive splendour, quite needless and to my mind vulgar. A great magnate not a royalty, I need hardly say invited four guests to dine with his home party the four were my father and mother, my brother Dan and myself, humble guests enough and yet behind each of twelve chairs stood a gorgeous flunkey in powder and bright livery, with my lord's gentleman superadded in undertaker's evening trim, while the Earl himself wore his star and garter@! Of course too the buffet and the table were loaded, with resplendent plate. That, scene of ostentation has been on the gray matter of my brain ever since young manhood, and I relieve myself now of the reminiscence for the first and last time. In another page I speak of Prince Astor's pure gold service when I dined with him at New. York and I have grateful memory of the almost palatial splendour wherewith a rich publisher entertained his guest at his castle under Arthur's Seat but in every case and I might name others my heart's aspiration has been, Give me neither poverty nor riches feed me with food convenient for me. Mr. Vanderbilt was not happy with his millions neither probably is poor Jack without a shot in his ########## such a record of personals as this, it is fortunate both for the author and his readers if he has never been one of those literary lions who are merely histrionic crea@tures of society. It is a privilege not to have to repro@duce the common small-talk of ball-rooms and garden-parties, nor to be obliged to make the most, after a semi-libellous fashion, of after-dinner scandals, or gossip in the smoking-room. Not having heard them he cannot well report racy anecdotes, whereof sundry memoirs have been too full. In the happier condition of a partial anchoritism I have escaped clubs, London seasons, and country mansion gaieties as a youth and to middle manhood a stammerer, I would not willingly court the humiliations of chattering society, and thereafter, up to to-day, a domestic country gentleman of literary pur@suits, I have avoided as far as possible fashionable gatherings of every sort, social, theological, or political. Not that I abjure-it is far otherwise-any kind of genial intercourse with my fellows a few friends are my delight, but I never would belong to a club, though sometimes specially tempted by indulgence as to terms more than once having been offered a free and immediate entry , nor to any society or charity that expected of me personal publicity or active ####################################################### once only, I had to figure as a reluctant chairman at Exeter Hall. Privacy has ever been my preferencece whence it will clearly be inferred how much I have had to sacrifice in the way of self-denial when forced by circumstances to enact the old man eloquent before assembled hundreds, sometimes thousands, as a public reader. People who have made themselves acquainted with my Proverbial Philosophy may remember that my Essay on Speaking contrasts the misery of the man who cannot speak with the happiness of the emanci@pated orator, and I@ have experienced them both whilst it may be seen in what I have written about silence and seclusion how cordially and perhaps foolishly, as wearing my heart on my sleeve, I have shown that I greatly love to be alone, especially in what I am known to call holy silence in fact, as ill-nature may like to put it, I prefer my own quiet company to that disturbed by the talk of other people. So much, then, as to one cause for the scantiness in this self-memoir of expected spicy anecdotes and perilous revelations. Not but that I could make considerable mischief, and perhaps help my publisher in sales, if I chose to make the most of the many celebrities, both American and English, with whom I have had intercourse both at Albury and elsewhere. My humble hospitalities and the constant welcome I have given to strangers, have been like their author, proverbial but that is no reason why our con@verse, free and frank as private fellowship commands, should be produced in print naturally the host was ever generous, and the guest-equally, of cour@se-appreciative.@ Perhaps though, not quite always and I am tempted here to say just one unpleasant word about the only on@@@e of my many American guests, hospitably, nay almost affectionately treated, who wrote home to his wife too disparagingly of his entertainer, his son having after@wards had the bad taste to publish those letters in his father's Life. One comfort, however, is that in The Memoirs of Nathaniel Hawthorne, that not very amiable genius praises no one of his English hosts except, indeed, a perhaps too open-handed London one , and that he was not known any more than Fenimore Cooper, whom years ago I found a rude cus@tomer in New York for a superabundance of good nature. When at Albury, Hawthorne seemed to us superlatively envious of our old house for having more than seven gables of its owner for a seemingly affluent independence, as well as authorial fame even of his friends when driven by him to visit beautiful and hos@pitable Wotton and in every word and gesture openly entering his republican and ascetic protest against the aristocratic old country even to protesting, when we drove by a new weather-boarded cottage, Ha, that's the sort of house I prefer to see it's like one of ours at home. That we did not take to each other is no won@der. This, then, is my answer to the unkindly remarks against me in print of one who has shown manifestly a flash of genius in The Scarlet Letter but, so far as I know, it was well-nigh a solitary one. One further curious illustration of an uncongenial guest is this Alexander Smith wrote a Life Drama, full of sparkling poetic gems, which at once made him popular, apparently with justice enough. I asked him down to Albury, made much of him, praised warmly sundry _morceaux_ of his which I had marked in my copy , and to my astonishment received the brusque reply, O, you like those, do you@? @@I shall alter them in next edition as I found afterwards he did. He was a common-looking man, with a rough manner, and a squint. As he seemed upset,-though why I could not guess,-I tried in other ways to please him as, by a ramble in the woods and a drive in the waggonette but all would not do,-his day came to an end as@ gloomily as it began. Long after, I stumbled upon the reason. I had then for the first time read Bailey's Festus, and found some passages therein very similar to Alexander's thereafter, other little bits from some other poets I think Tennyson was one struck me. Little wonder, then, that I heard no more of Smith,-who clearly had thought himself found out,-and so received my first ignorance of his plagiaristic tendency as if I had known all about it and years after Aytoun had as I was told avenged justice by that cleverest of spasmodic poetries, Firmilian, by Percy Jones -a bur@lesque on Alexander Smith, and a book which the world has too willingly let die. Let no one, however, after@ all this, fancy that I am unaware of Alexander Smith's true merit. He very neatly fitted into his mosaic word-pictures the titbits he had culled in his commonplace-book out of many poets, and so utilised them. A self@-ma@de and self-taught man, elbow to elbow, as he told me, with Jack, Tom, and Harry in a workshop, as a designer of patterns, he had well and wisely made the most of his scant opportunities of culture, and it is only a pity that he did not allude to something of this in a preface. It is not for me to recall here much about the in@evitable hospitalities of an old country house, to which a not unkindly host often invited English and foreign friends, whom something to do with authorship had made celebrities. Do I not pleasantly remember the jolly haymaking, when old Jerdan, calling out, More hay, more hay@! covered Grace Greenwood with a hay@cock overturned, and had greeted a sculptor guest ap@propriately and wittily enough with Here we are, Durham, all mustered@! the we being besides others, Camilla Toulmin, George Godwin, and Francis Bennoch@?@@ Do I not remember how much surprised we were at the melodies whereof an old piano was capable when touched by Otto Goldsmidt@? @@Can I forget, also, how marvellously a young Canadian, Joseph Macdougall, of Ottawa, extemporised on the same piano as only a genius can Mr. Assher was another , and sent me afterwards, as a memory, a vast volume of American photographs, whereof he had munificently prepaid the enormous sum @of @£6, 18s. for postage@? @@And was not our village stirred to its depths by the visit to Albury House of two black gentlemen and a blue,-all in evening dress@? It was President Roberts of Monrovia, attended by his secretary and chief minister for they came cordially to return thanks to one who had helped a little in slave emancipation, under the influences of Elliott Cresson, Dr. Hodgki@n Garrison, and others,-and, moreover, had given a gold medal for African literature, biennially to be competed for by emancipated slaves -whereof I have heard very little, since by the volunteered assistance of Mr. Taylor, the seal engraver I gave it many years ago the medal was as large as a crown piece@. President Benson, also of Liberia, a magnificent ebon specimen of humanity, visited me with his staff, not long before his lamented death-it was said, by murder. Let me add now a word of kindly memory for some good friends long gone to a better world, but once wel@come guests at Albury. There was Benjamin Nightin@gale, the enthusiastic antiquary there was his ############ Akerman, secretary to the Numismatic, whom I greatly pleased by enabling him to catch a trout near my carriage gate there was Chief Baron Pollok, head of the Noviomagians the eloquent Edwards @Lester of America, whose speech at a Literary Fund dinner to which I@ had treated him was hailed by Hallam, Dickens, and others on the spot as _the_ speech of the Society and the Warrens of Troy, N.Y., about whose casual visit this singular thing happened. For the first and only time in life I had had the strange luck to catch at Netley Pond three perch of nearly a pound each, and a fine trout of about two I little knew then the final cause thereof in those days we could not easily get fish in the country, unless indeed we caught it now my eminent Trans@atlantic stranger friends came on a Friday, and proved to be Roman Catholics could any piscatorial luck have been more timely@? When a few days after I told of my sport to a neigh@bour it was Captain Russell of the Cleveland fa@mily , a great angler, he, of course, without imputation of my veracity, hinted that he wished I might have such luck again, as he would then co@me and dine with me. I answered at once, Co@me to-morrow, and see what I may have caught. He did,-and I produced from the same old mill-head a three-pound trout,-to his astonish@ment, as it had been my own to have caught it. I have never had such luck before or since, though always a zealous angler in an unprofessional way. Let me not forget here also the beautiful Alb@ury Waltz, composed in my drawing-room by Miss Arm@strong, and published-it must be twenty years ago now-by Robert Cocks, New Burlington Street wherein by request I originated the idea of song words for the dancers. This singing as you danced has been often done since, but I suppose no one then thought of it but myself since King David. I need say little more about Albury visitors -for many years there were plenty of them,-but if one put down a tenth part of what even the faithless memory of old age still retains, there would be no end to such inexhaustible recordings. And here is an Alburian anecdote which may amuse, as @illustrative of the mental calibre of some of those myriads of untutored rustics whom our partisan gover@nors have made politically equal with the wisest in the land. Three young friends came to spend a day with us, and for fun brought in their pockets the absurd noses popular at Epsom races. We came upon some turf-diggers, and my visitors mounted their masks to mystify them. The clodpoles looked scared and very quiet, till I went up to one of them who knew me,-of course I was in my natural physiognomy,-and I said to him, My friend, these are foreigners and the poor ignoramus staring at those portentous noses said seri@ously, Ees, I sees they be. Clearly he thought all furriners were so featured.@ Another specimen of agricultura@l intelligence is this A labourer in my field one day said to me, Master, please to tell me where Jerusalem is, because me and my mates have been disputing about it, and I says as @its in Ireland, because the Romansgoes there@! He meant the Roman Catholics@! and he might have heard also that St. John's Pat-mos was in fact an Irish bog, Pat's-moss many of our legislative constituency being found to believe _that@_. But not only is the common labourer thus dense take these two instances of country guests at my table. One whom I had asked to meet two Americans told me of his disappointment at not finding them-red men@! And another this time a provincial parson wanted me to expostulate with my friend Hatchard afterwards Bishop of Mauritius because he meditated in his philan@thropy giving a drinking fountain to Guildford. Only think, a drinking fountain@! surely you cannot approve@? The poor man supposed it was one of those pumping apparatuses for spirits presided over by barmaids@! It is manifest that the schoolmaster was not so much abroad a few years ago as he has been since board schools have arisen. Amongst other specialities of ancient Albury House, which has 1561 on a weathercock and 1701 on a kitchen wing, is the same peculiarity which Tennyson told me@ at Farringford vexes him in his own less ancient dwell@ing,-and which Pindar of old declared to be the privi@lege of poets. We are, and have been for generations, a very house-hive of bees the whole front of two gables has them under its oak floors and panelled walls throughout,-and when guests sleep in certain rooms they have to be forewarned that the groans at midnight are not those of perturbed spirits, but the hum and bustle of multitudinous bees. We cannot drive them away, nor destroy them utterly,-as often has been attempted and if we did, the worry would be only wor@sened, as in that case hornets would co@me and succeed to the sweet heritage of bee-dom. When the stuccoed fron@t of our house was demolished, to show the oaken pattern but it had to be re-roughcast to keep out the weather , there were pailsful of honey carried off by the labourers, of course not without wounds and strife but in ordinary times it is a strange fact that our bees never sting their hosts be careful only to remain quiet, and there is no war between man and bee. Two years ago a great comb was built outside an eaveboard, pro@bably because there was no room for more comb inside. It is curious that it should have survived two hard winters. Is not all this apposite, as suited let Pindar and Tennyson bear witness to a poet's home? In this zoological connection for bees are zoa let me record that there is a legend of a fox having been killed in our drawing-room on the ground-floor with French windows during some tenancy in my absence,@-only fancy the havoc of such a strife@! but all had been cleared up@ before our return. Also, it is memor@@@able@ and I saw it myself that a hard-pressed stag from Sir Gilbert Heathcote's hunt took refuge in our harness-room,-to the extreme horror of a gardener's boy, who thought it was a mad donkey,-and no wonder, for as those brave barbarian sportsmen get the antlers sawn off for fear of wounds to themselves or their nobler dogs, the poor scared creature with its uncrowned head and@ loppity ears is very donkey-like@. Let me give another like homely anecdote of past days. We are all now so wrapt in security as country dwellers, guarded by the rural police everywhere, that the following ludicrous incident may seem hardly worth@ a@ word but in the good old days, when poor Jack was such a highway brigand that my nurses feared to take@ the children off the premises, and when burglarswere not infrequent callers at remote residences, what hap@pened long ago, on a certain dark winter's night, at Albury, may amuse. Long after all had gone to bed, we heard with trepidation stealthy steps crunching the snow round the house, and ############## now and then touched the ground-floor doors and windows, as if quietly trying to get in@@ at last _it_ fumbled at the ancient hanging handle of the outside kitchen-door@! Now was the time for Paterfamilias to show his pluck, in the universal scare so, armed _cap-a-pied_, with candles held in the rear by the terrified household, he valor@ously drew the bolts and flung open the heavy oaken door,-to greet-his children's donkey, escaped some@how from its stable, and trying to get indoors that cold night for warmth. Laugh as we might, and as you may, the test of courage was all the same and if this donkey story is pounced upon by some critic or comic as a weak link in my chain of autobiography, I only@ hope he will behave as bravely if a real ruffian tries his doors and windows by night by no means an@ improbable hypothesis in @these days of communistic radicalism. The old house itself may deserve a word. It came to me as a-shall I say@?-matrimony, from my mother if patrimony means from a father, why not matrimony from a mother? her great-uncle, Anthony Devis, having bought it in 1780. He was a remarkable man in his way and before his age a good landscape painter@ as Pilkington avouches , a collector of pictures and curio@@sities,-mostly sold by executors at his death, aged eig@hty-n@ine, though a full gallery remains at Albury a@ carver too, and a constructor of cabinets,-whereof two fine specimens inlaid with brecciated jaspers, and made of ebony and cedar from his own turning-lathe decorate our large drawing-room and the oldest folk in our village still remember the good old gentleman who always had gingerbread in his pockets for them as children, and who was known by them as the man mushroom, seeing he was the first who ever had an umbrella in the place@! There was, however, another and a better reason for this name, inasmuch as he built for himself an outer painting-room on a hilltop near which he called Mushroom Hall, because it was just like one as a picture in our drawing-room testifies , being a circular turret surmounted by a flat broad dome, with overshadowing eaves all round. This strange summer-house has long vanished. Anthony came of a good old stock paternally, as the civic archives of Preston, in Lancashire, testify @and his mother was Ann Blackburne, of Marrick Abbey, York@shire,-the title-deeds whereof, old slip parchments and maps from Henry II. to Henry VIII., I found in a chest at Albury, and years after transmitted them to Lord Beaumont, the present owner albeit, as a boy, I had been allowed to cut off the seals and paste them in a copy-book@! All these deeds, and the history thereof, I had printed in Nichols's Antiquariana. The prominent feature of our village, so far as religion is concerned, has for nearly fifty years been the fact of its being the headquarters of the party originated by Edward Irving,-a full history whereof, impartially and ably written by Mr. Miller of Bicester whose hospitality I have enjoyed for some days at Kineton , will be found at Kegan Paul's, if any wish to read it. I have always lived on kindly terms with my neighbours, though not quite of their faith@@ excellent are many of them, and I am glad to number such among my friends, specially as on neither side we meddle with each other's peculiar opinions. I have known nearly all their twelve apostles, men of mark and learning especially John Tudor, a great Hebraist, and who was skilled even in Sanscrit and the arrow-headed characters , and eleven of them are among the dead, one only surviving in a vigorous old age to meet may it be so the Lord at His ################### Ballads, perhaps after Proverbial Philo@sophy, the chief cause of my Transatlantic populari@ties, had their origin at Albury. The first of these and the most famous, as it induced several friendly replies from American poets, was one whereof this below is the first stanza. I wrote it in 1850, and read it after dinner to four visitors from over the Atlantic to their great delectation, and of course they sent MS. copies all over the States. It ################################################################### the two just following is printed in @my Miscellaneous Poems and still extant at Paternoster Square, I refer my reader thereto if he wants more of it. The next of note was one headed Ye Thirty Noble Nations, and is remarkable for @this strange fact, viz., that I composed about the half of those eighteen ############################################################## brother, I'm a Britisher, A chip of heart of oak, That wouldn't warp or swerve or stir From what I thought or spoke And you-a blunt and honest man, Straightforward, kind, and true, I tell you, brother Jonathan, That you're a Briton too! ############################################# thought asleep, but I got out of bed and pencilled the ballad or most of it, for I added and amended afterwards straight off, and went to bed again, of course to sleep profoundly when I got up next morning and found the MS. on my table, it seemed like a dream, but it wasn't. @Those who are curious may look out this piece of _quasi_ inspiration in that poem-book aforesaid. But here is the opening verse for those who cannot get the volume in bulk - ################################################## for freedom to the slave. It was published in 1851. A third is chiefly noticeable for this. America had since my last address to her as Thirty Nations added three more States and I was challenged to include them which I did as thus here are three of the Stanzas in proof ###################################################### starry stations Around the Western sun,-I have a glorious mission, And must obey the call, A claim@!-and a petition@! To set before you all. ###################################################### Parts, Unto endless generations Live United, hands and hearts@! Be it storm or summer weather, Peaceful calm, or battle jar, Stand in beauteous strength together, Sister States, as Now ye are@! ############################################# and sundry sonnets, all of which I had from time to time to greet my American audiences withal. And thus before I paid my visits over there, the land was salted with ore and the water enriched with ground-bait, so that when the poetaster appeared he was welcomed by every class as a promoter of International Kindliness. ############################################################ round, 'Every man must do his duty' To redeem from bonds the bound@! Then indeed your banner's brightness Shining clear from every star Shall proclaim your joint uprightness, Sister States, as Now ye are@! So a peerless constellation May those stars together blaze! Three and ten-times threefold Nation Go ahead in power and praise@! Like the many-breasted goddess Throned on her Ephesian car, Be-one heart in many bodies, Sister States, as Now ye ############################################################# journal, which I sent over piecemeal in@ letters and newspaper clippings to Albury, where my wife and daughters arranged them and kept them safely, till on my return after three months travel I pasted them duly into this big book. If I were to record a tithe of the myriad memorabilia there entered, the present volume now in progress would not afford space even for a tithe of that and after all, the result would only appear as a record of numerous private hospitalities which I object to making public , of sundry well-apprecia@ted kindnesses, compliments, and tokens of honour from stranger friends in many cities, and the numerous incidents that a tourist visitor ordinarily experiences most of which, although paragraphed in a gossiping fashion through hundreds of the 3000 American papers, are not worth recording here. In fact, I look at this enormous volume with despair,-the more so that there is its other equally bulky brother about my second visit,-and so intend to give only some samples of both. The world is too full of books, and does not call out for another American Journal. The main social interest of my two visits consisted in the contrast shown between the one in 1851 and that in 1876, just a quarter of a century after between in ######################################## extreme drinking habits of one generation and the extreme temperance of another mainly due, amongst other causes, to the overflowing prosperities of the middle of this century and the comparative adversities of its declining years. Jeshurun once waxed fat, and kicked, -but since then he has become one of the lean kine wines and spirits were formerly in abundance as well as hard dollars, but have now been replaced by the cheaper water and discredited paper. Moreover, such shrewd and caustic writers as the Trollopes and Dixon and Charles Dickens have done great good service to their sensible and@ sensitive American brothers,-who, far from resenting strictures which for the moment stung, took the best advantage of their utterance in self-improvement. My first visit was hospitably redolent of @all manner of seductive drinks,-wherein, however, I was as they thought too temperate my second was as hospitably plentiful so far as eating went, but iced water wherein I was temperate too appeared solitarily for the universal beverage though even in the most teetotal homes this English guest was always generously allowed his port or Madeira or even his whisky if he wished it. Temperance was a fashion, aurore_, on my second visit, as its opposite had been on my first and on each occasion, I persisted in a middle course, the golden mean,-which I know to be proverbially a wisdom though not at present universally so accepted. It is hopeless for me to look through the multi@tudinous large quarto pages of my first diaryand its letters, comments, paragraphs, c. they are only too full of compliments and kindnesses from friends in many instances passed away and I will simply record two or three of the more public hospitalities which greete@d me. One of these was a grand dinner with the Maryland Historical Society at Baltimore, May 13, 1851, my late friend Mr. Kennedy in the chair as president, while Sir Henry Bulwer and myself supported him right and left, some hundreds of other guests also being present. Of course all was very well done, luxuriously and magni@ficently but perhaps the best thing I can do if my reader's patience and my present tired penmanship will approve it is to extract from a newspaper, the _Baltimore Clipper_ of the above date, a _précis_ of my speech on the occasion. Some distinguished gentleman having proposed my health,- This brought to his feet Mr. Tupper, who, having expressed his thanks in an appropriate manner, and acknowledged his superior gratitude to the Author of all good, alluded to that international loving-kindness which he avowed to be one main errand of his life and he very happily brought in Horace's prophetical description of England and America in their relation of mother and child, 'O matre pulchrâ filia pulchrior.' He followed by relating some striking incidents of the good feeling which per@vades the old country in favour of her illustrious offspring. One we cannot fail to give was that the Royal Naval School at Greenwich had inserted his well-known@ ballad 'To Brother Jonathan' in a collection published for the use of the Royal Navy. The speaker then paid an eloquent compliment to the literature of America-her poets, statesmen, historians, and divines. He re@joiced that 'Insular America and Continental England' were so intimately and inseparably intermingled in the authorial productions of the human mind, as well as bound together by the strongest ties of nature and reli@gion, of lineage, laws, and language. Adverting to the wise piety of such associations as the one before him, he exhorted to keep together the records of the past, that they may sanctify the present and be an encourage@ment to good and a warning against evil for the future. He commented severely upon the vandal act of the British troops under General Ross in burning the national archives at Washington. In this connection he introduced the beautiful lines from Milton -'Lift not thy spear against the Muse's bower The great Emathian conqueror bid spare The house of Pindarus, when temple and tower Went to the ground.' In conclusion, Mr. Tupper related an interesting fact, which in his mind suggested what should be to Americans a pleasing idea-possibly a discovery-as to the origin of the national flag. On making a pilgrimage just lately to Mount Vernon, he was forcibly struck by the circum@stance that the ancient family coat-of-arms of the illustrious Washington consisted of three stars in the upper portion of the shield, and three stripes below the crest represented an eagle's head, and the motto was singularly appropriate to American history, 'Exitus acta probat.' Mr. Tupper said he could not but con@sider this a most interesting coincidence. He thought the world might well congratulate America upon being the Geographical Apotheosis of that great unspotted character, who, while he yet lived, was prospectively her typical impersonation. The three stars by a more than tenfold increase have expanded into thirty-three the glorious Issue has abundantly vindicated every antecedent fact and your whole emergent eagle, fully plumed, is now long risen from its eyrie and soars sub@@limely to the sun in heaven. I may venture as an end to all this to quote a bit from my home letter. At 6 o'clock, and thereafter till 12, I was the honoured guest at the enclosed splendid banquet. Our English ambassador sat on one side of the chairman and I on the other the newspaper will save me all the trouble of a long account but it was altogether one of the best triumphs I have ever achieved see the papers. My dinner was very light, terrapin ###################### and sweetbread with a deluge of iced water, and very little wine. My two speeches raised whirlwinds of applause, and took the company by storm. It was a most important opportunity for me, and, by God's help, I met it manfully. All the prin@cipal people of Maryland were there, besides our own minister with Lady Bulwer in a side room and that nice young fellow Lytton and there were many other distinguished strangers. You should have heard the shouts and cheers which greeted the points of my speech, and the after congratulations crowded about me. I begin to feel that if I had had common chances I should have been an orator. When I kindle up, my steam-horse goes off, and carries all his audience with him. While I was speaking, the people moved up _en masse_, and they gave me three cheers upstanding when I had done. @Another memorable event was a grand dinner given to Washington Irving and myself, as chief guests amongst others, by Prince Astor at his palatial residence in New York. As for the profusion of gold plate, glittering glass, innumerable yellow wax-candles in ormolu chandeliers, and general exhibition of splendid and luxurious extravagance, and all manner of costly wines and rarest gourmandise, I never have seen its like before or since and more than this if I may state the fact without much imputation of vaingloriousness , the intellectual treat was, to my ################ at least, of a still more exquisite character, when our host pro@tested to his company in a generous and genial speech @that, if he could make the exchange, he would give all his wealth for half the literary glory of Washington Irving and @Martin Tupper@! We whispered to each other we heartily wished he could. I strangely missed visiting Irving at his own home, though urgently in@vited to it but somehow other pressing engagements hindered, and so it was not to be. On the same day with the Astorian dinner, Mr. Davis, a man of high social position, had urged me to dine with him, but I could not come as engaged till the evening. Now he, a local poet himself, had asked me in divers stanzas of fair rhyme and so, not willing either to beat him in versification or to let him beat me, I made this epigrammatic reply in dog-Latin, which was taken to be rather 'cute - Certes, a@mice Davis, Ibo quocunque mavis, Sed princeps Astor primo Me rapuit ad prandium Cum me relinquit, imo In me videbis handyum. This skit was well appreciated. I met at his house divers celebrities, as indeed I did at many other splendid mansions, especially at the Mayor's, Mr. Kingsland I hear he is the third personage in rank in the United States, and helives with the grandeur of our London Lord Mayor. I went with@ him on the @22d of March 1851 to one of the most magnificent affairs I ever attended. Here is an extract from @my home-letter journal of same date - Mr. Kingsland, the Mayor, came early to invite me to a grand day, being the inauguration of the Croton Waterworks. Went off with him at 10 from the City Hall in a carriage and four followed by forty new omnibuses and four, some with six horses, and caparisoned with coloured feathers and little flags, be@sides a number of private carriages a gay procession, nearly a@ mile long, containing all the legislature and magnates of New York State and of the city-several hundreds. They visited in turn divers public institu@tions, and at most of them I had to speak or to recite my ballads, especially at a Blind Asylum, where, after an address from a blind @lady the name was Crosby , at the request of the Governor of the State and the Mayor, I answered on the spur of the moment in a speech and a stave that took the room by storm, c. c. And so on for other institutions, and to the open@ing of the Croton Aqueduct. But there is no end to this sort of vainglorious recording. As Willis says in his _Home Journal_ at the time, Mr. Tupper is among us, feeling his way through the wilderness of his laurels, and realising his share of Emerson's 'banyan' simili@tude,-the roots that have passed under the sea and come up on this side of the Atlantic rather smothering him with their thriftiness in republican soil. I sup@pose by thriftiness he meant thrivingness. My first acquaintance with N.@P. Willis arose in this, way. He had as I have mentioned before been in the habit of quoting month after month in his own paper passages from my Proverbial Philosophy, believing that book to be an obscure survival of the Shakespearean era, and that its author had been dead some three cen@turies. When he came to town, I called upon him at his lodging near Golden Square, walking in plainly _sans tambour et trompette_ but simply announcing the then young-looking author as his old Proverbialist@! I never saw a man look so astonished in my life he turned pale, and vowed that he wouldn't believe that this youth could be his long-departed prophet how@ever, I soon convinced him that I was myself, and carried him off to dine in Burlington Street. After@wards we improved into a friendship till he went the way of all flesh in Heaven's good time. Perhaps another notable matter to record is that Presi@dent Fillmore invited me to meet his Cabinet at dinner in the White House, and that I there met and conversed im@mensely with Daniel Webster, a colossal unhappy beetle-browed dark-angel-looking sort of man, with a depth for good and evil in his eye unfathomable also with Home Secretary Corwen, a coarse but clever man, who had been a waggon-driver and with Graham, Secretary of the Navy, and with Conrad, Secretary at War, both gentle@men and having lofty foreheads and with many more, including above all the excellent President, c. c. It was no small honour to meet such men on equal terms. If I allowed myself to quote more from my first visit to America, it could only amount to variations of the same theme,-the great kindness of all around me to one, however humble, who had shown himself their friend both by tongue and pen. My books and my ballads had made the way to their affections, and so the author thereof reaped their love. A little before my departure on this first visit this notable matter happened, and I will relate it in an extract from my last letter homeward. The happy thought occurred to me to call on Barnum, as I had brought him a parcel from Brettell and, through him, to leave a card of respect for Jenny Lind. Barnum received me most graciously, and favoured me with two tickets for Jenny's concert to-night, whereof more anon. Meanwhile I thought of sending to Jenny, through Barnum, a pretty little copy of 'Proverbial Philo@sophy,' with a pretty little note,-whereof also more anon. Called @on Edwards by good providence, and found that J.@C. Richmond had misled me-he isn't to be married till next week. A nice visit to Major Kingsland and his good wife -I find that my oratory has gone everywhere, and has made quite a sensa@tion. Think of my stammering tongue having achieved such triumphs.-I do hope you get the papers I send. A card at Lester's, Union Hotel, as to Mary M. Chase.@-Dined.-A full feast of reason with George Copway, the Redman chief, a gentleman, an author, and a right good fellow. Meeting also Gordon Bennett,@ the great New York Heraldist, who sat next me at dinner, when we had plenty@ of pleasant talk together also Squier, the celebrated American Layard, who has dis@covered so much of Indian archaeology, a small, good-looking, mustachioed, energetic man also Tucker@man, the amiable poet also Willis, a good sort of man, just now much calumniated for having shown up Eng@lish society in his books,-but a kindly and a clever every way. Mrs. Willis called and carried off Willis, and I took Tuckerman under my wing to the monster concert at Castle Garden. The immense circular building, full of heads it holds 8000! and lighted by 'cressets' of gas, put me in mind of Martin's illus@tration of Satan's Throne in Milton@! The concert, as per programme, was a cold and dull affair enough,-though Lind did terrible heights and depths in the Italian execution line,-but after the concert@ came this beautiful episode. Barnum hunted me out from the two or three acres of faces,-because the fair and melodious Jenny had expressed to him an urgent wish to see me. When I got to her boudoir, where Barnum introduced me, I really thought she would have cried outright,-as feel@ing herself a stranger in a foreign land, and in the pre@sence of an old unseen book-friend for it seems,-as she told me in beautiful slightly broken English,-that my poor dear 'Proverbial Philosophy,'-which I never thought she had seen till I gave it to her,-has been to her 'such a comfort, such a comfort, many days ' and she was 'so glad, so ver glad,' to see me,-and she looked so unhappy,-though the immense hall was still echoing with those tumults of applause,-and she clasped my hand so often, and would hardly let it go, and made me sit and talk with her, for I was 'her friend,' and really seemed like a child clinging to its elder brother. I was quite sorry to leave her,-and when, putting aside all idle musical compliments, I tried to cheer her by the thought,-how nobly and generously for many good purposes she was using the melodious gift of God to her, poor Jenny only looked up devoutly, and shook her head, and sighed, and seemed unhappy. However, it was time to go, so with another hearty shake-hands, and 'my love to _dear_ England,' Jenny Lind and I took leave. This testimony as to my book's good use for comfort,-she will 'read more now she sees me,'-is very pleasing,-it is much to do poor Jenny good, who does good to so many others. I think I've for@gotten to say that great old Webster, the Secretary of State, avows that @he 'always after hard work refreshes his mind' with that book and-I might fill volumes with the same sort of thing. God has blessed my writ@ings to millions of the human race@! And from prince to peasant good has been done through this hand, in@calculable.-God alone be praised. After the long interval of five-and-twenty years, filled up with many more such volumes and fly-leaves, I called @again by pressing invitation on my@ American constituency, and found them as warm and generous and hospitable as before. This time I was six months a guest among them,-literally so, for I found myself passed on from home to home, and almost never took my bed at an hotel. The chief feature of this visit was that I posed everywhere as a public reader from my own works, and met with generally good success, in spite of the terrific winter weather manfully encountered half the time. Everybody knows what extremities of cold are endured both @in the North-Eastern States and in Canada. At Baltimore I have seen the snow piled almost man-high on each side of the middle lane dug for the tramway,-in New York men skated to their offices at Ottawa the thermometer was 25° below zero, and at Montreal it was everywhere deep snow glorious for sleighing , icicles yard long outside the windows,-and of course smaller audiences to a frozen-up lecturer. Yet many came nevertheless, and I am pleased to re@member among them good Bishop Oxe@nden and his family. In spite, then, of positively Arctic influences, as I had to do it, I did it bravely and sent ################################################### dollars, and came back with a pocket full too. All this is surely part of an author's lifework so I am writing appositely. Among notabilia of this second visit, which was crowded like the former with abundance of private hospitality and of public honours,-I may record these briefly. Dr. Talmage, my kind and liberal host for two lengthened visits, gave a grand reception on October 26, 1876, to William Cullen Bryant and myself, which was attended by Peter Cooper, Judges Neilson and Reynolds, Mayor Schroeder, Professors Crittenden and Eaton, with some hundred more the chief features of the evening being Bryant's poetical recitations and mine. On another occasion I read my Proverbial Essay on Immortality at the Tabernacle before 7000 people at Dr. Talmage's special request and of course at Chickering Hall, the Brooklyn Theatre, and other places I had to give Readings to large audiences. The Lotos Club and other genial hosts gave me complimentary@ dinners. Mr. Hulbert@, the well-known editor, made a _partie carrée_ only four of us to consume some of the rarest delicacies for Lord Rosebery, Mr. Barnum and myself and in fact my journal overflows with elaborate hospitalities. It was the Centennial Year, and at Philadelphia I found ab@undant welcome, especially as an inmate of the genial homes of Mr. Roberts, the eminent Dr. Levis, the ex@cellent Mrs. Fisher, and of Mr. Pettit, the clever artist who painted my portrait complimentarily. Of course I did the Great Exhibition thoroughly, and was quite surprised at its splendour and extent I think that the thirty-three States were represented by no fewer than 180 ornamental edifices full of special products and treasures. At Niagara I stayed twice for a week each, with the kindest of hosts, the Rev. Mr. Fessenden and his good wife, and saw the great cataract in all the magnificence of winter as well as autumn. Also at the pleasant homes, of Mr. Lister in Hamilton, at Toronto, Kingston, and above all Montreal, my new but old book friends were full of liberal greetings, and everywhere I had to exhibit myself as a Reader from my own works a specialty not common, as combining both author and orator. At Toronto, the ministers, Mr.-now Sir John@-Macdonald, and Dr.-now Sir Charles-Tupper were my principal welcomers and I dined then with the Cabinet, as in 1851 I had with Lord Elgin's in I think the same hall. At Ottawa I found myself full of friends, and visited Lord Dufferin. At Montreal the wealthy merchant, Mr. Mackay of Kildonan since departed and gone up higher , was my generous host and there in one of the hardest winters known I often @made acquaintance with the splendid gallop of his sleighs, all furs and colour and delightful excitement on one occasion having nearly had nose and ears frost-bitten till my neighbour with his fur gloves and snow rubbed life into them again. With Dr. Dawson of M'Gill University I had plenty of geological talk, especially about the new found Eozoa of the St. Law@rence stratum,-and with his clever son, and my cousin, Professor Selwyn. Thereafter I went south, the wel@come guest of other cousins, the Vaughan-Tuppers of Brooklyn, among my most hospitable friends over there and we routed out all about our family in America, as recorded for ten generations in Freeman's History of Massachusetts. And I feasted at Mr. Trocke's on trout from Tupper Lake in the Adirondacks,-the ######################### from an ancestor, not as after me, though some@times thought so and I met with many points both of family and of authorial interest. Then I was enter@tained by th@e New England Society, which, amongst abounding luxuries, still produces as a characteristic dish the frugal pork and beans of Puritan times. And the Century and other Clubs made me free of them. And of course Longfellow, Bryant, Fields, Biglow, O.@W. Holmes, and many others, opened their houses and hearts to me. And I met and dined in company with General Grant and all sorts of other celebrities,-and so did all I hoped to do. Going south, Brantz Mayer at Baltimore, my cousin the Rev. Dr. Tupper Bishop of the Baptists , and many others are memorable. Stay, I will give a casual extract from my home-letter, No. 39, of my second visit, giving several names. Jan. 18, 1877, evening. Took an oyster tea at Brantz Mayer's, and read to a party several things by request, especially as to the souls of animals. Judge Bond called for me there in his carriage, and too@k me as invited by the President to a great assemblage of Baltimore magnates inaugurating the John Hopkins University , where I had casually quite an ovation, meeting literally hundreds of friends I cannot pretend to remember many names, but these will remind me of others General McClellan, General Ellicott cousin to our Bishop , Carroll, the State Governor, no end of professors, among them Sylvester, who knew my brother Arthur at the Athenaeum, plenty of judges, presidents of institutions, doctors, journalists, lawyers, and many fine figure-heads of elderly magnates each and all knew me@ as an early book friend, and I had quite to hold a court for two hours, receiving each as introduced, and having to say something pretty to him. Mr. Weld of Lulworth , married to a rich Balti@morean, takes to me monstrously, and with Mr. Presi@dent Gilman is going to manage a Reading here for me on my return from the South. He took me after the great event to the Maryland Club making me a member for a month , and we had a glass of wine together, meeting again several of the bigwigs migrated like ourselves for something better than iced-water! for the odd thing is that, although the eating luxuries were profuse at this grand banquet,-whole salmons, bolsters of truffled turkey, oysters in every form, and plenty of terrapines, canvas-back ducks, and other costly comestibles,-not a drop of anything but water except indeed tea and coffee was to be had, the excuse being that at least so@me of the party would be sure to take too much so all are mulcted for a few as usual. But my American journals are full of that sort of thing, and this honest extract may serve as a sample. I never guessed how crowded up by popularities a poor author may be till I had crossed the Atlantic and reaped the kindness of Greater Britain. After all this, I went down South,-where I have seen brilliant humming-birds flying about, some two or three days after I had waded through deep snow north@wards my chief host, and a right worthy one, being a good cousin, S.@Y. Tupper, President of the Chamber of Commerce at Charleston, S.C@. With him and his I had what is called over there a good time, and indited several poetical pieces under his hospitable roof, in particular Temperance see a former page . Also I wrote there another stave of mine which caused great discussion in the States, because I, reputed a Liberian and Emancipator, was supposed to have recanted and turned to be South instead of North but I was only just and true, according to my lights. Here is the peccant stave, only to be found in Charleston and other American papers of February 1877, therefore will I give it ######### The world has misjudged you, mistrusted, maligned you, And should be quick to make honest amends Let me then speak of you just as I find you, Humbly and heartily, cousins and friends@! Let us remember your wrongs and your trials, Slander'd and plunder'd and crush'd to the dust, Draining adversity's bitterest vials, Patient in courage and strong in good trust. You fought for Liberty, rather than Slavery@! Well might you wish to be quit of that ill, But you were sold by political knavery, Meshed in diplomacy's spider-like skill And you rejoice to see Slavery banished, While the free servant works well as before, Confident, though many fortunes have vanished, Soon to recover all-rich as before@! Doubtless, there had been some hardships and cruelties, Cases exceptional, evil and rare, But to tell truth-and truly _the_ jewel 'tis-Kindliness ruled, as a rule, everywhere@! Servants, if slaves, were your wealth and inheritance, Born with your children, and grown on your ground, And it was quite as much interest as merit hence Still to make friends of dependents all round. Yes, it is slander to say you oppressed them @@Does a man squander the price of his pelf@? Was it not often that he who possessed them Rather was ownedby his servants himself@@? Caring for all, as in health so in sicknesses, He was their father, their patriarch chief Age's infirmities, infancy's weaknesses Leaning on him for repose and relief. When you went forth in your pluck and your bravery, Selling for freedom both fortunes and lives, Where was that prophesied outburst of slavery Wreaking revenge on your children and wives@? @@Nowhere@! you left all to servile safe keeping, And this was faithful and true to your trust @@Master and servant thus mutually reaping Double reward of the good and the just@? Generous Southerners! I who address you Shared with too many belief in your sins But I recant it,-thus, let @me confess you, Knowledge is victor and every way wins For I have seen, I have heard, and am sure of it, You have been slandered and suffering long, Paying all Slavery's cost, and the cure of it,-And the great world shall repent of its wrong. I need not say what a riot that honest bit of verse raised among the enthusiasts on both sides. I spoke from what I saw, and soon had reason to corroborate my judgment for I next paid a visit on my old Brook Green school-friend, Middleton, at his burnt and ruined man@sion near Summerville once a wealthy and benevolent patriarch, surrounded by a negro population who adored him, all being children of the soil, and not one slave having been sold by him or his ancestors for 200 years. According to him, that violent emancipation was ruin all round in his own case a great farm of happy depen@dants was destroyed, the inhabitants all dead through disease and starvation, a vast estate once well tilled reverted to marsh and jungle, and himself and his reduced to utter poverty,-all mainly because Mrs. Beecher Stowe had exaggerated isolated facts as if they were general, and because North and South quarrelled about politics and protection. Mrs. Stowe, I hear, has learnt wisdom, as I did,-and now like me does justice to both sides. There is no end to extracts from my journals, if I choose to make them but I think I will transcribe four stanzas which I gave to @Williams Middleton in February 1877, on my departure, as they bring together past and present - Ancient schoolmate at Brook Green Half a century ago Nay, the years that roll between Count some fifty-eight or so ,-Oh, the scenes 'twixt Now and Then, Life in all its grief and joys,-Meeting Now as aged men Since the Then that saw us boys@! There's a charm, a magic strange, Thus to recognise once more, Changeless in the midst of change Mind and spirit as of yore Even face and form discerned Easily and greeted well, While our hearts together burned At school-tales we had to tell. Mostly dead, forgotten, gone,-Few old Railtonites of fame Here and there we noted one , Yet we find ourselves the same@! Sons of @either hemisphere We can never stand apart, With to me Columbia dear And my England in your heart. ########################################### that, accompanied by Middleton, I watched at an alligator's hole with a rifle, but the beast would not co@me out, perhaps luckily for me, if I missed a stomach shot that I was prevented from bringing down a carrion vulture, it being illegal to kill those useful scavengers that I caught some dear little green tree frogs that I noted how the rice-fields had become a poisonous marsh that I noticed the extensive strata of guano and fossil bone pits, securing some large dra@gon's teeth, and with them@ sundry flint arrow-heads, suggestive of man's antiquity that I lamented over the desolation of my friend's mansion and estate, and in particular to have seen how outrageously the Federals had destroyed his family-mausoleum, scattering the sacred relics of his ancestors all round and about. This was simply because he had been a Confederate magnate, and had owned patriarchally a multitude of slaves, born on the spot through two centuries. He and his kind brother, the Admiral,-my friendly host at Washington,@-have joined the majority elsewhere but I heard from him and others down South the truth about American slavery. For remainder rapid notice. Paul Hayne the poet is remembered well and the fine old great-grand@mother with eighty-six descendants of my name and thereafter came the inauguration of President Hayes, an ################ English stock,-I-some kindred of mine own Pound themselves on Plymouth Rock, Five times fifty years ######### across the Atlantic main, With my kith and kin to mix, And to greet you once ####################################################################### at the White House, and records of plenty more Readings and receptions and all about Edgar Poe at Baltimore, and my acquaintance with Henry Ward Beecher, and my final New York hospitalities, and my pamphlet America Revisited, written on board the return steamer the _Batavia_,-and so an end hurriedly. This was my last farewell to my million friends, pub@lished in Bryant's paper ########## last Farewell-O many friends@! I leave your love with saddened heart And so my grateful spirit sends This answering love before we part I thank you tenderly each one, I praise your goodness, dear to tell, And, well-remembered when I'm gone, Alike will yearn on you as well. A last Farewell-O my few foes@! I fear'd you not, by mouth or pen, But to the battle bravely rose, A man to fight his fight with men And though the gauntlet I have run You shall not say he fail'd or fell, Truly recording when I'm gone, He fought and won his victories well@. My last Farewell-O brothers both@! No foes at all, but friends all round Albeit now homeward, little loth, To dear old England I am bound-Accept this short and simple prayer A cheerful verse, no parting knell , To every one and everywhere My thankful ble@ssing, and ################# another vast volume before me, recounting my English and Scotch Reading Tours, with full details of innumerable home kindnesses and hospitalities, from Ventnor in the South to Peterhead in the North, which I need not particularise. I gave twenty-one Readings from my own Works southward, in a dozen towns with a regular ############# who was my ########### everywhere, making all arrangements, placarding, adver@tising, hiring halls, engaging reporters, and the like when all was ready, I used to come forward,@ as the General does at a review,-and then succeeded the sham-fight and division of the spoils of war-if any for, to say truth, our partnership did not prove@ lucra@tive, so we parted with mutual esteem, and I resolved to accomplish all the rest of my projected tour alone a great effort and a successful one, for I orated all through Scotland, from Ayr to Peterhead far north of Aberdeen , often to very large audiences as at Glasgow, where the number was said to be three thousand and always to fair ones, the Scotch being much more given to literature than the West of England. I could give innumerable anecdotes of the splendid as well as kindly welcome I received from great and small,-for as I now had no attending agent I was all the more ########################################################### as a solitary guest,-and I found myself handed on from one rich host to another all through the land, with numerous book friends everywhere ready and willing to make all arrangements freely at each town and city. So the tour paid better every way, albeit the toil and excitement of being always to the front, either on platforms or at dinner-parties, was excessive though not exhausting. It is astonishing what one can do if one tries, and if the sympathy of friends and a really good success are at hand to cheer one. I wish there was space here to say more about all this but the great book before me would print up into several volumes. I will only, add, as below, an interesting extract from this diary, just before I had parted with my worthy agent aforesaid - He has told me some curious anecdotes about eminent _artistes_ whom he has chaperoned, _e.g._ Thackeray came to Clifton to give four readings on the Georges the first reading had only three auditors, the second not one so Thackeray went away. Bellew is uncertain sometimes having empty benches, sometimes overflowing ones, according to the programme, whether serious or laughable. Tom Hood gave a lecture on Humour, which was so dull that the audience left him. Miss Glyn Dallas often reads 'Cleopatra,' magnificently too, to empty benches. Sims Reeves draws a vast audience, but sometimes at the last moment refuses to sing probably paying forfeit because he is always afraid of something giving way in his throat. Dickens, though with crowded audiences, was not liked, nor nearly so good as Mr.-expected@@ he carried about with him a sort of show-box, set round with lights and covered with purple cloth, in the midst of which he appeared in full evening costume with bouquet in button-hole, and, as Mr.-said, 'very stiff.' Mr.-has just engaged Madame Lemmens Sherrington and six others for sixty-three concerts at a cost of £4000, for he says that good music-after low humour-is the best thing to pay. May his spirited speculation prosper@! Thus much for my quotation of Mr.-'s experiences. It may interest a reader if I give, quite at haphazard, a list of one of my readings Welcome Adventure Yesterday, To-day, and To-morrow All's for the Best Energy Success Warmth Be True Of Love The Lost Arctic The Way of @the World Cheerfulness. All these may be found in my Miscellaneous Poems and Proverbial Philosophy. I varied the programme-of about an hour and a half each sometimes two -fre@quently through my fifty readings on this side of the Atlantic, as well as through my hundred over there. How strange that the stammerer should have so become the orator@!-I thank God for this. Before a final end to this brief record of my home-readings, I will add another page of short extracts from this diaryary Though I continually read for nearly two hours at a stretch and that sometimes twice a day too I take no intervals, and hardly anything but @a sip of water. Energy and electrical effort are stimulants enough.gh. I always exert myself quite as much for few as for many perhaps more so. No one ever can read well or hold his audience if he doesn't feel what he reads. Some of the clergy are no great friends of mine one told me to-day that 'perpetual dearly beloved brethren had spoilt him for eloquence, and he didn't care to hear mine.' This was at Salisbury, in a coffee-room. Cathedral towns are always dullest and least sympathetic with lecturing laymen for example, at Bristol, Salisbury, Worcester, Gloster, and the like. Are the clerics jealous of lay spouters@@? Dissenting ministers and Presbyterians seem far more genial. I travelled about fifteen hundred miles by rail, besides coaches and carriages. My aggregate of paying hearers was about sixteen thousand, the bulk being old book-likers. The gain was nearly four times as much as the cost, good hospitality having been the rule. I read publicly private readings additional, as often asked after dinners, c. twenty-nine proverbial essays and thirty-eight poems repeated according to popularity by request to two hundred. I only do not name some of my generous Scotch and English hosts for fear of seeming to have forgotten others by omission and the list is too lengthy for full @insertion as also is the long story of my adventures and experiences in the hospit@able North. ##################### Before dismissing thus curtly, my great Scottish ex@ploit which, by the way, anticipated by three years my second American visit, but I would not disjoin that from my first I ought to give some account of the publica@tion of my Miscellaneous Poems by Gall Inglis at Edinburgh, and of some few of the hospitalities con@nected therewith, though not revealing domesticities, as against my wholesome rule. An odd thing happened to me at Mr. Inglis's dinner-table, where I met several literary celebrities. I had@ just read, and was loud in my praises of a then anony@mous work, Primeval Man Unveiled, and I asked my neighbour, an aged man, if he knew that extraordinary book@? Whereupon the whole table saluted the ques@tioner with a loud guffaw for I was speaking to its author, whom I had innocently so bepraised. However, my mistake was easily forgiven, as may be imagined. I found that the said author was Mr. Inglis's near rela@tive, Mr. Gall,-so my new publisher and I were imme@diately _en @rapport_. There are two simultaneous editions of this book of my poetry-one called the Redlined and the other the Landscape@ the first on thick paper, and with eight steel engravings, the latter having every page decorated in colours with beautiful borderings of scenery. The volume contains about one-half or less of all the mass of lyrics I have written, some of the pieces having been in earlier books of my poetry, as Ballads and Poems@, Cithara, Lyrics of the Heart and Mind, Hactenus, A Thousand Lines, c. c. and they date, though not printed in systematic order, from my fifteenth year to beyond my sixtieth. Fly-leaf lyrics have been con@tinually growing ever since now to my seventy-sixth. Here are a few further random, extracts from my Scotch diary #################### 1873_.-What a comfort it is for once to feel utterly unknown for even@ my luggage has only a monogram, and here at the White Hart I am No. 15, and a commercial gent to all appearance really, it is quite a relief to be some one else than Martin Tupper. @@Read J.@S. Mill's autobiography poor wretch! from his cradle brought up as an atheist by a renegade father, he can have been hardly more responsible for his no faith than a born idiot. However, in these infidel last @@times, and with ou@@@@r@ very broad-church and no-church teachings, a man has only to be utterly god@less so he be moral to make himself a name for pure reason. I'd sooner be the most unenlightened Christian than such a false philosopher. Let a Goldsmith say of me, 'No very great wit, he believed in a God,' for I refuse to deny one, like the Psalmist's fool. I throw myself so into my readings, that I almost forget my audience, till their cheering, as it were, wakes me up,-and I feel every word I say if I didn't, that word would fall dead. There is a magnetism in earnestness,-an elec@tric power I am in a way full of it when reciting, and I am aware of it flowing through the mass of my audience. It was a touching thing to me to hear the aged Mr. B-@conduct his family worship, singing like an old Covenanter the harmonious Puritan dirgy hymn, reading the Bible most devoutly, and praying as only Presbyterians can pray from the heart and not from a formal liturgy, earnestly and eloquently he prayed also for me and mine, and I thank God and him for it. My host at Ayr drove me in his wag@gonette to see the mausoleum at Hamilton Palace, with its wonderful bronze doors after Ghiberti, and its inlaid marble floor, much of which is of real verd antique in small pieces.@ Then we went down among the dead men, and inspected the coffins of nearly all the Dukes of Hamilton. It is an outrage to have expended so much @£100,000 on this senseless mausoleum, and to have left close by and within sight of the great Grecian palace those filthy crowded streets of poverty and dis@ease-the wretched town of Hamilton-as a contrast to profuse extravagance. The last Duke, the very Lord@ Douglas who was in the same class with me at Christ Church, and is supposed to have personated me in Tom Quad, has a very graceful temple of Vesta all to him@self, with his bust in the middle his father lies, of all heathenish absurdities, in a real antique Egyptian sar@cophagus, into which it is said he was fitted by internal scoopings, the Duke being taller than its former tenant, the Pharaoh@. All this done, we drove through some rugged parts of the High Park, to see magnificent oaks, much like some at Albury, in hopes of coming upon the famous wild cattle, grey, with black feet, ears, tail, and nose, and stated to be untameable. To our great satisfaction we did see a herd of thirty-four feeding quietly@ enough had we been walking instead of driving we might have fared poorly as@ hunted ones though I confess I saw at first no fierceness in the lot of them but when the herd sighted us, and began omin@ously to commence encircling our gig, under the guid@ance of a terrible bull, we turned and fled, as the discreeter part of wisdom Captain Hamilton, my host, telling me that if they charged us we must jump out and swarm up a tre@e! I was glad to be out of such a fearful escapade as that. As to diversities in@ the Scotch Church, after seeing many clerical specimens of each kind, I judge that generally the Established Scotch gives itself the superior airs of the Established English the Frees are the most @intellectual th@e U.P.s most pious the Scottish Episcopal getting excessively high and some other varieties growing far too broad and pantheistic. I don't wonder to hear Papists say that Protestantism is breaking up no two parsons are agreed on all points, some on none. As for social hospitalities, I found them either splen@did or kindly-or both-everywhere and will only name Captain Hamilton of Rozelle, Sir Michael Shaw Stewart of Ardgowan, Mr. Boyd of Glasgow, Mr. Gall and Mr. Nelson of Edinburgh, Mr. Arthur of Paisley, and such other millionaire hosts as James Baird, William Dickson, and the like, as among my wealthiest and kindest welcomers. Of course, when a guest for a week at Rozelle, I paid due homage to Burns in his own territory visiting his natal cottage, his funeral cenotaph, Alloway Kirk, the Auld Brig, c. c.-all these in company with the mil@lionaire iron-master and most enthusiastic admirer of Tam-o'-Shanter, Mr. James Baird. When he took me to his magnificent castle hard by, he said to me Ye're vera welcome to ma hoose, -and I entered to inspect his gallery of pictures among them I noticed, with surprise at such an incongruous subject for a painting, an ugly red factory in course of building, and a man on a ladder leaning against it, with a hod on his shoulder. To my inquiry about this, he replied, Yon's mysel',-I'm proud to say that's what I was, and this is what I am. He had made, while yet a workman, some dis@covery about cold blast or hot@ blast I don't know which and gained enormous wealth thereby. He is the man who gave half a million of money to the Scotch Established ############## something of interest to say about the first laying of the electric telegraph across the Atlantic. Sir Culling Eardley invited a number of savants, among them Wheatstone and Morse, and others, both English and American, to a great feast inaugurating the com@pletion of the cable and I, amongst other outsiders, had the honour of being asked. I had written, and after dinner I read, the verses following, which had the good and great effect of originating the first message see the seventh stanza which was adopted by acclama@tion and sent off at once being only preceded, for courtesy-sake, by a short friendly greeting from Queen to President, and President to Queen. The heading runs in my book as The Atlantic ########################################## what a wonder is this, Grandly and simply sublime,-All the Atlantic abyss Leapt in a nothing of tim@e! Even the steeds of the sun Half a day panting behind, In the flat race that is run, Won by a @flash of the mind@! Lo@! on this sensitive, link-It is one link, not a chain-Man with his brother can think@ Spanning the breadth of the main,-Man to his brother can speak Swift as the bolt from a cloud, And where its thunders were weak There his least whisper is loud! Yea for as Providence wills, Now doth intelligent man Conquer material ills, Wrestling them down as he can,-And lay one weak little coil Under the width of the waves, Distance and Time are his spoil, Fetter'd as Caliban slaves@! Ariel@?-right through the sea We can fly swift as in air @@Puck@?-forty minutes shall be Sloth to the bow that we bear Here is Earth's girdle indeed, Just a thought-circlet of fire,-Delicate Ariel freed Sings, as she flies, on a wire@! Courage, O servants of light, For you are safe to succeed@@ Lo! you are helping the Right, And shall be blest in your deed. Lo! you shall bind in one band, Joining the nations as one, Brethren of every land, Blessing them under the sun@! This is Earth's pulse of high health Thrilling with vigour and heat, Brotherhood, wisdom and wealth, Throbbing in every beat@@ But you must watch in good sooth Lest to false fever it swerve,-Touch it with tenderest truth As the world's exquisite nerve! ######################################################## also in Gall's edition, was sent over by tele@graph to America. What a miserable muddle, by the way, those meddlesome revisers have made of The Angel's Message -preferring a dubious sigma to a comma, they have utterly spoilt that sublime trilogy by making Peace upon earth, goodwill towards men, read Peace upon earth among men in whom he is well pleased. How clumsy and how ungrammatical, _in_ whom@! The whole dear Bible has been terribly damaged by their 36,000 needless alterations in the New Testament not 100 having been really necessary , and I know not how many more myriads in the Old, but happily their Version falls dead, and will soon be as forgotten as Dr. Conquest's Bible with 20,000 emen@dations, whereof I now possess a somewhat scarce copy in the library at Albury. I have less than no patience with those principally clerical revisers albeit for their chairman, Dr. Ellicott, I retain a@ pleasant memory from Orkney recollections in old days. @@But this is a digression, wrung from me by my righteous wrath against those who have done their worst to spoil for us The Angel's Message, the first word uttered by the telegraphic wire under the sea. ################################################### give heed-Not be of profit or loss, But one electric indeed Praise to the Giver be given, For that He giveth man skill, Glory to God in the Heaven! 'Peace upon earth, and ################################################################# of interest to say which will be news to my readers. One day when casually dipping into Addison's _Spectator_ at Albury, I made the following discovery which I recorded in the newspapers at the time, and give the extract now fully as thus -In the 241st No. of Addison's _Spectator_, bearing date Thursday, December 6th, 1711, and as signed@@@ C. one of the letters of the mystic Clio , by the great Joseph Addison himself, occurs the following remarkable anticipation of our presumably most modern discovery. Those who have access to the London edition of the _Spectator_ of 18@41, published by J.@J. Chidley, 123 Aldersgate Street, can verify the verbatim faithfulness of the following extract from page 274 - Strada, in one of his Prolusions Lib. II. prol. 6 , gives an account of a chimerical correspondence between two friends by the help of a certain loadstone, which had such virtue in it, that if it touched@ two several needles, when one of the needles so touched began to move, the other, though at never so great a distance, moved at the same time, and in the same manner. He tells us that the two friends, being each of them pos@sessed of one of those needles, made a kind of dial-plate, inscribing it with four-and-twenty letters, in the same manner as the hours of the day are marked upon the ordinary dial-plate. They then fixed one of the needles on each of these plates in such a manner that it could move round without impediment, so as to touch any of the@ four-and-twenty letters. @@@Upon their separating from one another into distant countries, they agreed to withdraw themselves pun@ctually into their closets at@ a certain hour of the day, and to converse with one another by means of this their in@vention. Accordingly, when they were some hundred miles asunder, each of them shut himself up in his closet at the time appointed, and immediately cast his eye upon his dial-plate. If he had a mind to write anything to his friend, he directed his needle to every letter that formed the words which he had occasion for, making a little pause at the end of every word or sentence, to avoid confusion. The friend in the meanwhile saw his own sym@pathetic needle moving of itself to every letter which that of his correspondent pointed at. By this means they talked together across a whole continent, and con@veyed their thoughts to one another in an instant over cities or mountains, seas or deserts. If Monsieur Scudery, or any other writer of romance, had introduced a necromancer, who is generally in the train of a knight-errant, making a present to two lovers of a couple of these above-mentioned needles, the reader@ would not have been a little pleased to have seen them corresponding with one another when they were guarded by spies and watchers, or@ separated by castles and adventures.@@@ In the meanwhile, if ever this invention should be revived or put in practice, I would propose that upon the lover's dial-plate there should be written not only the four-and-twenty letters, but several entire words which have always a place in passionate epistles, as flames, darts, die, language, absence, Cupid, heart, eyes, hang, drown, and the like. This would very much abridge the lover's pains in this way of writing a letter, as it would enable him to express the most useful and significant words with a single touch of the needle.-C. Thus far Addison, a hundred and seventy years ago, and Strada whoever he may be, for ordinary bio@graphical dictionaries ignore him , perhaps fifty before him, and the two unknown experimentalists, perhaps twenty beyond that, making in all two hundred and forty or fifty years ago as the date of electrical in@vention whereof we see no further mention in the _Spectator_. But is it not also among the Century of the Marquis of Worcester's Inventions ?@-as is pos@sible the scarce volume is not near me for reference. Let the curious reader who can, turn to it and see. Meanwhile, how strangely Addison and Strada have anticipated the dial-plate, and the needles, and the letters, and the short forms for common words, all so familiar to our telegraphists. Verily there is nothing new under the sun. Extract from my Archive-book, No. 8. Date October 15, 1856. I was again an electric guest, this time at the Great Albion dinner Liverpool to Mr. Morse, whom I had met at Erith and in America. A day or two afterwards I sent him a letter of invitation to Albury, enclosing the sonnet below and not knowing his London address I posted it to my brother Charles in London for him to read and forward. Lucky enough that I did so, for Mr. Morse had just sailed for America so Charles had both prose and poetry telegraphed to him in New York,@-and the Company would not charge any money for it@! This is perhaps the only time a sonnet ever travelled by telegraph, and certainly the only time it ever so travelled gratis. Here it is, for which I had a very complimentary and grateful note from Samuel F.@B. Morse, as an ardent admirer, c. As never in print till now, I trust it will be acceptable to my readers. Mr. Morse's pub@lished speech was religiously high-minded and true-hearted, as indicated in the sonnet. ################## pleasant memory of October ######### at ######## A good and generous spirit ruled the hour @@Old jealousies were drowned in brotherhood, Philanthropy rejoiced that skill and power, Servants to science, compass all men's good And over all Religion's banner stood, Upheld by _thee_, true Patriarch of the plan Which in two hemispheres was schemed to shower Mercies from God on universal man. Yes, this electric chain from East to West More than mere metal, more than Mammon can, Binds us together kinsmen, in the best As most affectionate and frankest bond, Brethren at one, and looking far beyond The world in an electric union blest. CHAPTER XXXVI. THE RIFLE A PATRIOTIC PROPHECY. There is an extinct pamphlet, now before me, pub@lished by Routledge in 1860, entitled The Rifle Move@ment Foreshown in Prose and Verse from 1848 to the Present Time, -from my pen,-which proves that, in conjunction with my friend Evelyn and a few others, I may justly claim to have originated that cheap de@fence of England, at Albury, more than a dozen years before it was thought of anywhere by any one else. Take the trouble to read the following longish extract from the fifth edition of the above, and please not to omit the leash of ballads wherewith it ends. And now, next, about this Rifle pamphlet. Every page carries its date honestly, and several very curiously. In some of the editions there appears a rifle ballad of mine, written in 1845, and published in 1846 in the first issue of my Ballads and Poems-Hall Virtue with the strange title Rise Britannia, _a Stirring ################### Year 1860_ an anticipation by fourteen years of the actual date of the Rifle Move@ment. In all the editions, the papers on 'Cheap S@ecurity' being Talks between Naaman Muff a Quaker , Till a commercial gent , Dolt a philanthropist , Fun@ker an ordinary unwarlike paterfamilias , and a certain Tom Wydeawake patriotic but peculiar contain de@tailed allusions, though written several years before any definite existence, to the National Rifle Association, and to exactly such annual prize gatherings of riflemen as those at Wimbledon Com@mon and Brighton Downs, and this latest at Blackheath. The discouragements of Tom Wydeawake and his few compeers were remark@able. He himself might fairly have claimed the honours of origination, discussed some two or three years ago, but he left them to others-_Sic vos non vobis_, c. Without mentioning names, several-since distin@guished as prominent in Rifledom-were once, to my certain knowledge, and still to be evidenced by their extant letters, bitterly opposed to the whole movement,@-and I cannot conclude these remarks better or more appositely than by adding here, with real dates, the three following ballads, which tell their own tale briefly and suggestively. I print them here, as they are now to be found nowhere else. The first, published in newspapers during June 1859 following several others of a like character, with my name or without it , was the origin of the Volunteers' motto-being ########################## the muttering thunders roll, Blacker and heavier frowns the sky,-Yet our dauntless English soul Faces the storm with a steady eyeye Hands are strong where hearts are stout@@ Our rifles are ready-look out@! No one wishes the storm to roll here-No one cares such a devil to raise,-And in brotherhood, not in fear, Only for peace an Englishman prays,-Yet he may shout in the midst of the rout, Our rifles are ready-look out@! Keep to your own, like an honest man, And here's our hand, and here's our heart, Let the world see how wisely you can Play to the end a right neighbourly part,-But if mischief is creeping about, Our rifles are ready-look out@! No defiance is on our lips, Nothing but kindliness greets you herere Still, in the storm our dolphin ships Round the Eddystone dart and steer,-And on shore-no doubt, no doubt-Our rifles are ready-look out! Not Defiance, but only Defence, Hold we forth for humanity's sake,-And, with the help of Omnipotence, We shall stand when the mountains quake Only in Him our hearts are stout Our rifles are ready-look out! ################# Club._ A rhyme for the Club, for the brave little Club That stoutly went forward when others held back, And, reckless of many a sneer and a snub, Steer'd manfully straight upon Duty's own tack,-Though quarrelsome peacemongers did their small worst, In spite of their tongues and in spite of their teeth, We stood up for England among the few first, With rifles and targets on Surrey Blackheath@! Time was when Tom Wydeawake, ten years agone, Toil'd to arouse dull old Britain betimes, By example-he shouldered his rifle alone, By precept-he showered his letters and rhymes,-With bullets he peppered old Sherborne's hillside, With ballads and articles worried the Press,-The more he was sneer'd at, the stronger he tried, And would not be satisfied short of Success. And now is his Fancy the front of the van, And England an archer, as in the past years, And stout middle age carries arms like a man, And all the young fellows are smart Volunteers And Herbert, and Elcho, and Spencer, and Hay, And Mildmay, and all the best names in the land On a national scale achieve grandly to-day What Wydeawake schemed with his brave little band@! Then cheers for the Queen! for the Club@! and the Corps@! For Grantley, and Evelyn, and Sidmouth, and all @@With Franklin, and Mangles, and six dozen more, The first to spring forth at Britannia's call@! And long may we live with all peaceably here-For olive, not laurel, is Glory's true wreath-But if the wolf co@mes, he had better keep clear Of a Club of crack shots upon Surrey ################### And the third is a small record of our Easter @Mon@day's Review, 1864, alluding to the present universality of the Rifle Movement contrasted with its originally small beginnings on the same spot. _Surrey ########## Surrey Blackheath@! old scene of beginnings Humble enough some dozen years back, Gather to-day's rich harvest of winnings, Sprung of that sowing in Memory's track Reap your revenges in honour and pleasure -Thousands of riflemen arm'd to the teeth-Crowds by ten thousands, in holiday leisure, Throng the wild beauties of Surrey Blackheath@! We were the first our rifles to shoulder, First to wake England though voted a bore First in this nation who roused her, and told her She must go arm'd to be safe, as of yore@! Those were the days before corps and their drilling, When the true patriot was check'd with a snub,-So, on Blackheath, devotedly willing, Stood your first riflemen-Albury Club@! Yes, we stood _here_, in spite of their coldness, Duty's first marksmen-whate'er should betide,-Conquering Success-the sure fruit of boldness-World-witnessed now by this field-day of pride@! And though they laugh'd at Tom Wydeawake's f@ancies, Olives and laurels combine in his wreath For, the world's peace-in England's and France's-Sprung of that sowing on Surrey Blackheath! _March 5, 1864._ Lord Lovelace will remember how much he opposed our rifle-club,-as in those days illegal, and so the Lord-Lieutenant of Surrey might not sanction it but now his Lordship is our leading volunteer. Besides the three ballads above, I wrote seven others which rang round the land, and some of them, as Hurrah for the Rifle, and In days long ago when old England was young, have been sung at Wimbledon and other gatherings. It may be worth while, seeing the ballads are hope@lessly out of print, if I here transcribe a few stanzas@ from divers other staves I penned in the early days of Rifledom. First, from Rise, Britannia, before men@tioned, which was written and printed in 18@46, and then headed,@ by a strange anticipation, a stirring song for patriots in the year 1860 reproduced in my now extinct Cithara, in 1863 I wrote it to be sung to the tune of Wha wouldna fecht for Charlie even as afterwards I adapted my In days long ago when old England was young to The roast-beef of old England, published with my own illustration by Cocks Co. - Rise@! ye gallant youth of Britain, Gather to your country's call, On your hearts her name is written, Rise to help her, one and all@! Cast away each feud and faction, Brood not over wrong nor ill, Rouse your virtues into action, For we love our country still, Hail, Britannia@! hail, Britannia@! Raise that thrilling shout once more, Rise, Britannia! rule, Britannia@! Conqueror over sea and shore! After three stanzas which I will omit, the last is Rise then, patriots I name endearing,-Flock from Scotland's moors and dales, From the green glad fields of Erin, From the mounta@in homes of Wales,-Rise@! for sister England calls you, Rise! our commonweal to serve, Rise@! while now the song enthrals you Thrilling every vein and nerve,-Hail, Britannia@! hail, Britannia@! Conquer, as thou didst of yore@@ Rise, Britannia@! rule, Britannia@! Over every sea and shore! Another noted ala@rum, sounded in January 1852, commences thus - Englishmen, up@! make ready your rifles@! Who can tell now what a day may bring forth@? Patch up all quarrels, and stick at no trifles,-Let the world see what your loyalty's worth@! Loyalty?-selfishness, cowardice, terror Stoutly will multiply loyalty's sum, When to astonish presumption and error Soon the shout rises-the brigands are co@me@@! After four stanzas of happily unfulfilled prognostica@tion, the last is- Up then and arm@! it is wisdom and duty We are too tempting a prize to be weak Lo, what a pillage of riches and beauty, Glories to gain and revenges to wreak@! Run for your rifles, and stand to your drilling Let not the wolf have his will, as he might, If in the midst of their trading and tilling Englishmen cannot-or care not to-fight! One only stanza more, the last of another also in 1852. Arm then at once@! If no one attack us Better than well, for the rifle may rust@@ But if the pirates be coming to sack us, Level it calmly, and God be your trust@! Only, while yet there's a moment, keep steady Skilfully, duteously, quickly prepare,-Then with a nation of riflemen ready, Nobody'll come because no one will dare! In those days of a generation back, so great was the scare everywhere of Napoleon's rabid colonels a-coming that I remember my brother Arthur counselling me to sink our plate down a well for safety and Mr. Drum@mond in a pamphlet exhorted the cre@ation of refuges round the coast by getting the owners of mansions to fortify them as strongholds, filling the windows with grates and mattresses, and loopholing garden-walls for shots at marauders on the roads@! Yet, so sleepy was the British Lion that neither Drummond@ nor I, nor even the ########## I invoked, could wake him up for many years and the Volunteer movement did not take effect till Louis Napoleon kindly urged Palmerston to check his rabid colonels by a bold front of preparation. I am minded to finish with a mild anecdote which carries its moral. Now, understand that I never pre@tended to be a crack shot, thoug@h I did make fair practice through the Indian twist, the sling support@ing one's arm if I hit the target occasionally, I was sa@tisfied. But it once happened at Teignmouth, where I was a casual visitor that, seeing a squad of volunteers practising at a mark on the beach, I went to look on, and was courteously offered a shot, being not unknown by fame to some of them. The target was at some @500 yards say about a third of a mile , so it was not likely I could hit it, with a chance rifle, perhaps carelessly sighted yet, when I did let fly, to the loud admiration of the others and to my own astonishment which of course I did _not_ reveal , the marker signalled for a bull's eye@! Entreated to do it again, this prudent rifleman modestly declined, for he remembered Sam Slick's lucky shot at the floating bottle it was manifestly his wisdom not to risk fame won by a fluke. So the moral is, don't try to do@ twice what you've done well ###################################################################################### have sometimes preferred to spell it authorgraphs most public men are troubled nowadays with this sort of petty homage, and I more than suspect that some collectors make merchandise of them my valuable collection being often the form in which strangers solicit the flattering boon. Once I had a queer proof as to the money value of my own,-as thus I went quite casually into an auctioneer's in Piccadilly, to a book-sale a lot of so@me half-dozen volumes were just being knocked down for next to nothing such is our deterioration in these newspaper days when the wielder of Thor's fateful hammer, dis@satisfied at the price, asked for the lot to look at,-and coming amongst others to a certain book with hand@writing in it, said, @Why, here's one with Martin Tupper's autograph, -on which a buyer called out, I'll give you eighteenpence more for that, -suggestive to me of my auction value,-as I have sometimes said. If, however, the more than hundreds thousands I have been giving for these fifty years, really have so easily gratified friends known or unknown, I am glad to be in that way so much a gainer. Americans in particular ask frequently, and sometimes with wisely ############################################################### and addressed envelopes, which is a thing both considerate and praiseworthy but a very different sort and not easily to be excused are those who send registered albums by post for one's handwriting, ex@pecting to have them returned similarly at no small cost. Longfellow told me of this kind of young lady taxation, and mentioned that he once had to pay twelve shillings for a registered return quarto. I dare say that our popular Laureate has had similar@ experiences. The most wholesale order for my signature was at New York in 1851, when at a party there my perhaps too exacting hostess put a large pack of plain cards into my hand, posted me at a corner table with pen and ink, and flatteringly requested an autograph for each of her 100 guests@! of course, even this was graciously con@ceded,-though rather too much of a good thing, I thought. @There is wisdom some have hinted to me in pre@ferring a card to a sheet of paper not only because@@ I promise to pay might possibly be written _ab extra_ over one's signature, but also because and far more pro@bably any special fad, political, social, or@ religious, might be added above-to all seeming-your written approbation _e.g._, I was told in America that my auto@graphed opinion in favour of Unitarianism had been so@ seen at Boston. Some zealots for a cause even go so far as that. My safe course is to write the hand@writing of so-and-so, where from total ignorance of my correspondent I cannot honestly say I am truly@@@ yours. Other forms of authorial homage are to@ be met with in the way of complimentary photographs, and oil or@@@@ water-colour portraits. Like all other book celebrities, I have had to stand for minutes or sit for days, dozens of times and seeing that, wherever I have been on my Reading Tours, on this side of the Atlantic or the other, photographi@@@c artists have continually solicited the honour, the result has been that I used to keep@ a @@book of horrors, proving how variously and ofte@ntimes how vulgarly one's features come out when the impartial sun portrays them. As with the contradictory critiques about one's writings, so also is it with the conflicting apparitions of comeliness or ugliness in the heliotyped exploits of different-some of them indifferent-pho@tographers. Several, however, have succeeded well with me as Sarony in New York, Elliott Fry of Baker Street and Brighton, Negretti Zambra at the Crystal Palace, and divers others but one need not reckon up our failures, as Brummell's valet has it. As to the several oil portraitures of me, there is extant a splendid full-length of myself and my brother Dan, with large frilled collars and the many-buttoned suits of the day, when we were severally ten and nine years old, now hanging at Albury, painted by my great-uncle, Arthur William Devis, the celebrated his@@torical painter this has been exhibited among works of the British old masters in Pall Mall. Also, there is one by T.@W. Guillod, in my phase as an author at twenty-seven another is by the older Pickers@gill, so dark and lacking in Caucasian comeliness that the engraving therefrom in one of my books makes me look like a nigger, insomuch that some Abolitionists claimed me as all the more their favourite for my black blood@! On the other hand, Mr. Edgar Williams has made me much too florid @while recently that rising young artist, Alfred Hartley, has caught my true like@ness, and has depicted me aptly and well, as may now be seen in the picture-gallery of the Crystal Palace. Then Mr. Willert Beale Walter Maynard by literary _nom de pinceau et de plume_, for he is both a painter and an author has lately portrayed me in crayons, life-sized, an unmistakable likeness and years ago Monsieur Rochard, in a large water-coloured drawing, made me look very French, quite a ########## in which dis@guise I was engraved for some book of mine all the above, except Rochard's, having been done com@plimentarily. In America Mr. Pettit's life-sized oil portrait is the most noticeable. Two queer anecdotes I must give about another form of author-worship to which we poor vain mortals@ are occasionally exposed, viz., what Pope called in Belinda's case The Rape of the Lock. I can remember as once by Lady-in London more than one such ravish@ment attempted if not accomplished but most especi@ally was I in peril at the Philadelphian Exhibition when three duennas who guarded some lady exhibitors too modest to ask themselves pursued a certain individual, scissors in hand, like Clotho, Lachesis, and Atropos, in vain hope of sheared tresses had they been, like many of our American sisters, both juvenile and lovely, very possible success might have crowned their daring or, instead of the three seductive graces, had they posed as three intellectual muses, I might have succumbed but a leash of fates obliged a rapid retreat. And for a second queer anecdote take this a 'cute negro barber had persuaded me to have my hair cut, to which sug@gestion, as it was hissing hot weather, I agreed. He had a neat little shop close to a jeweller's next morning I passed that shop and noticed my name placarded there, surrounded by gold lockets, for that cunning nigger and his gilded friend were making a rich harvest of my shaved curls. Sambo can be as sharp as Jona@than, when a freeman, if he likes. Interviewing is another sort of homage nowadays to popular authorship in America it is very rife,-and I never came to any city but, immediately on arrival, two or three representatives of opponent editors would call, and very courteously request to be allowed to turn me inside out, and then to report upon me I only remem@ber one or two cases which I will not specify wherein my inquisitor was not all I could have wished, or treated his patient victim more unkindly than perhaps a venial native humour might make necessary. Almost always the scribes were fair and gentlemanly. And in next morning's papers it was a pleasing excitement to find that one's extorted opinions on all manner of topics-social, religious, and political-were published by tens of thousands in conflicting newspapers, which took partisan views of the _obiter dicta_ of an illustrious being. I have many of these recorded conversations and comments thereon pasted down in the scrap-books aforesaid. In England, also, one does not escape and indeed the pleasure of being examined for publication is here less mixed for on this side @of the Atlantic it has been found dangerous to report what might be damaging to a man socially or financially although, however, no judicial notice is taken of ridicule or false criticism and therein an author however little he may care for it can be libelled to any extent and without all remedy. Not but that some of the society papers have treated my unworthiness generously enough,-in particular, Edmunds' _World_, w@hich, with too great severity and too little justice, has been taught to tell all truths charitably, if smartly,-and therefore I was glad to welcome his pleasant accredited interviewer, Mr. Becker, a year or two ago at Albury, who compliments me, not quite accurately perhaps, on good looks and a passion for heart's-eases. Also, the gentleman who represents the _Glasgow Mail_ did his work wisely and kindly and Mr. Meltzer of the #################### I might name some others, not excepting my Sydenham friend, Mr. Leyland, who lately wrote a very pleasant paper about me at Norwood for a Philadelphian journal. As ################## word about advertisements, surely an authorial topic. The absurdly extravagant profusion in which thousands of pounds are now being continually flung away in advertising, is one which was never approved by me, and as long as@ my books remained in print, at my suggestion they all got sold without it. At present there are almost none in the market except Proverbial Philosophy, my Poems, Stephan Langton, and Dramas, and these still live and sell as before, after a silent life of many years. I suppose advertising must answer, or it would not be persisted in and certainly the news@papers that chiefly live thereby exhort all@ to crowd their columns, if they wish to win fortune but how the perpetual and reiterated obtrusion of@ such single words as Oopack, or Syndicates, or Beecham's Pills, or Argosy Braces, or Grateful and Co@mforting, c. c., can prove seductive baits, I do not see nor feel the shameless amount of space they fill in our newspapers, and especially the impertinent way in which they intrude upon us while reading, as interleaved into books and magazines, so entirely disgusts me that I have often de@clared I would rather go without tea, coffee, tobacco, or snuff this is a phrase, for the two latter I abomi@nate than deign to patronise those persistent advertisers A, B, C, D, or E. And yet I do know a splendid church at Eastbourne wholly built of pills,-and Professor Holloway's ointment has produced a palatial institute, and another wholesale advertiser tells me he spends £30,000 a year on notices and paragraphs, to gain there@by ############ so one cannot but@ acquiesce in Car@lyle's cynical dictum, so cruelly alluded to by Dean Stanley in his funeral sermon at @Westminster, that there are in our community 26,000,000, mostly fools, otherwise how can folks be weak enough to be forced to pay for goods, or bads, merely by dint of@ reiteration@?@@ There is, however, one form of advertisement which I have found to pay,-and that is not praise, but abuse. A certain article, written as I was told by Alaric Watts, and stigmatising my readers as idiots, and their author as a bellman, was said to have actually sold off 3000 copies at a run and Hep@worth Dixon's attack in some other paper-I for@get the name-was so lucrative to me in its results that I entreated him at Moxon's one day to do it again. Once I took it into my head to collect and publish a page of adverse criticisms if I can find a copy it shall be printed here to excellent sale-effect as regarded my tales. And I remember hearing at a publisher's, that when a book didn't sell through puffing, their Herald of Fame upstairs was directed to abuse it, and in one case a society novel by a lady of title was prose@cuted by management for libel, in order to get off the edition. That publishing-house used to advertise in five figures -that is, upwards of £10,000 a year, and was professionally antagonistic to another, from which it had sprung originally. The critical organs of the one house always used to run down the publications of the other. And I daresay other Sosii are aware of the like mutual warfare going on even now. CHAPTER XXXVIII. KINDNESS TO ANIMALS. As to @my several efforts in print to hinder cruelty to animals, beside and beyond what a reader may already find in my published books, let me chiefly mention these two fly-leaves, widely circulated by the Humane Society in Jermyn Street to wit, Mercy to Animals, and my Four anti-Vivisection Sonnets. The latter I must preface with an interesting anecdote. Before Louis Napoleon was Emperor, I accompanied a depu@tation from Guernsey to Cherbourg, met him, had pleasant speech with him, and gave him a book@ Proverbial Philosophy , thus making his personal acquaintance which many years after I utilised as thus. The horrors of that infernal veterinary torture-house at Alfort, where disabled cavalry horses were on system vivisected to death, had been known@ to us by@ letters in the _Times_, of course denouncing the crimi@nality I remember reading that one poor old horse survived more than threescore operations, and used to be led in daily strapped with bandages and plaisters amid the cheers of the demoniacal students@!-and this excited me to make a strong personal effort to stop the outrages at Alfort. Accordingly@ I wrote from Albury a letter to the Emperor if I kept and can find a copy I will print it here as from one gentleman to another fond of his horse and dog, exhortin@g him to interfere and hinder such horrors. I told him that I purposely did this in a private way, and not through any news@paper or minister, because I wished him to ################## a crying evil whereof he was ignorant and there@fore innocent leaving the issue of my appeal to his own generous feeling and to Providence, but otherwise not expecting nor requesting any reply. I therefore got none but whether _post hoc_ or _pro@@pter hoc_ I do not know the result was that vivisection at Alfort was suspended at once, though how long for is unknown to me. As, after all this, many may like to see my four sonnets before-mentioned, I have no room to place here more than one it is fair to state that they are easily procurable for a penny at the S.@P.@C.@A. office in Jermyn Street. They were written by me in the train between Hereford and London, at the request of a lady, the chatelaine of Pontrilas Court, for a bazaar at Brighton. If ever thou hast loved thy dog or horse, Or other favourite affectionate thing, If thou dost recognise in God the source@ Of all @that live, their Father and their King, Stand with us on this rescue @-for the force Of sciolists hath legal right to seize Such innocents to torture as they please, Alive and sentient, with demoniac skill @@Ungodly men! hot with the lawless lust Of violating Nature's holiest fane, Breaking it open at your wicked will,-Yet shall ye tremble!-for the Judge is@ just To Him those victims do not plead in vain, On you for aeons crowd their hoursof pain. When@ I was last at Boston my spirit was @stirred by what I have poetised below it has only appeared in some American papers, but I hope will be acceptable here. _The Omnibus Hack._ Worn, jaded, and faint, plodding on in the track, I praise your great patience, poor omnibus hack @@In whose sad gentle eyes my spirit ca@n trace The gloom of despair in that passionless face, While way-wearied muscles, strain'd out to the full And cruelly check'd by the pitiless pull, With little for food, but of lashes no lack, Force me to pray for you, omnibus hack@! Yes I-if I can pity you, omnibus hack, For nerves all atremble and sinews awrack, How should not his Maker, the Father above, Be just to His creature, and grant him His love@?@@ Why may not His mercy give somewhat of bliss In some better world to compensate for this, By animal pleasure for animal pain, Receiving their lives but to give them again@? And which of us isn't an omnibus hack, With galls on his withers and sores on his back,-Buckled to circumstance, driven by fate, And chain'd on the pole of a oar that we hate-Yon ponderous Past which we drag fast or slow On the coarse-mended Present, this dull road we go, Hard-curb'd on the tongue and no bearing-rein slack, Ah! who of us isn't@ that omnibus hack@? Yet great is the comfort considering thus That God doth take thought as for him so for us@@ That we shall find rest, reward, and relief Outweighing, outpaying all pain and all grief@@ T@hat all things are kindly remembered elsewhere, The shame and the wrong and the press and the care, The evils that keep all better aback, And make one feel now but an omnibus ###################################################### great good, as it has prose instructions about load@ing, harnessing, c. It also is to be had for a penny at Jermyn Street aforesaid here is the first verse - O boys and men of British mould, ################################################# of my book-friends who have my Miscellaneous Poems may refer in this connection to verses therein on A Dead Dog and A Dead Cat, and to those on Cruelty. Also in Proverbial Philosophy, especially as to the Future of Animals, and their too shameful treatment in this world, one good reason for a compen@sative ################################################################# in the eyes of the Judge@? He set thee this toil His providence gave These bounds to His freedman yes, free-not a slave@! And if thou wilt serve Him, content with thy lot, Cheerfully working and murmuring not, Be sure, my poor brother-whose skies are so black-Thou art His dear child, though an omnibus ###################################### simple word for young and old, A word to warn and win you @@You've each and all got human hearts, As well as human features, So hear me, while I take the parts Of all the poor dumb creatures.s. ################################################################## from Aberdeen in a once-a-week steamer some of our passengers were notable, as Dasent of the Norse Tales since Sir George and his sons, Day the Oxonian in Norway, Ellicott, now Bishop of Bristol, Biot Edmondstone, and some others, inclusive of our noble selves. It was a dark night and a dense fog, and we had perilously to thread our careful way through the herring-fleet, fog-horns blowing all night, whilst our distinguished party bivouacked on deck, every cabin having been secured by folks crowding to the Kirkwall fair and so we enjoyed a seagoing experience which, however cold and dark, was warmed and brightened by the conversation of clever friends all night through. Next day, jumping into a boat on the top of a wave it was very rough weather , I and a few others landed at Wick, and witnessed the extraordinary scene of a herring harvest being cured. Much as at Cincinnati they say pigs walk in, and come out at the other end of a long gallery salted and smoked,-live herrings are within some three minutes killed, cleaned, pickled, and tubbed by the fishermen's wives and daughters in their brightest caps and jewellery, for the whole scene is a fair and a ################################################ due time we arrived at Kirkwall, where we stayed a fortnight, in the course of which we were soon invited to Mr. Balfour's castle at Shapinshay. I call to mind in that mediaeval-looking stronghold but it is a modern structure his splendid banqueting-room, lighted by the illuminated points of twelve stags' heads, each having twelve tynes, thus@@ 144 of them, ranged on the sides of that baronial hall the castle, of grey granite in the Norman style, having its own gasometer, all the light was gas this struck me as a remarkable feature inside on the outside was one quite as memor@able. Those sterile-looking isles of the North Sea are so swept by stormy winds as to be absolutely treeless insomuch that it is jocularly said, that for cutting down a tree at Kirkwall, the penalty is _death!_ simply because no trees exist there. Well, the wealthy Baron@ of Sha@pinshay conquers nature thus he has dug round the castle vast hollow gardens not a continuous moat in which flourishes a profusion of flowers and shrubs and even trees,-till arboriculture is cut shear off, if it dares to look over the mounds. I put it thus - When to the storm-historic Orcades The wanderer comes, he marvels to find there A stately palace, towering new and fair, Bedded in flowers, though unbanked by trees, A feudal dream uprisen fro@m the seas And when his wonder asks,-Whose magic rare Hath wrought this bright crea@tion@?-men reply, Balfour's of Balfour large in mind and heart, Not only doth his duteous care reclaim All Shapinshay to new fertility, But to his brother men a brother's part @Doing, in always doing good,-his fame Is to have raisedan Orcade Arcady, Rich in gem@@s of ################ of Art. At Kirkwall we could not help noticing what a fine race of men and women, blue-eyed and yellow-haired, many of these Northerners are at St. Magnus Cathedral they trooped in looking like giants, seeming taller perhaps because the pews are on a dead level with the floor. Of course we duly did all the sights of the place, in the way of the ruinous bishop's palace and so forth, and received hearty welcomes from both high and low, the isolation of those parts conducing to the popularity of strangers to say less of any greed for the cash of tourists. I made there good acquaintance also with Aytoun, the poet of Dundee and Montrose, of who@m it is reme@mber@able that he used to read all through Scott's novels every year. I thought it a marvellous feat, but at any rate he told me so. He was sheriff of all those northern regions and writer, amongst other@ things, of Hints for Authors in ############ which for their wit and sense ought to be reprinted but when I urged it in Princes Street, I found such a booklet was not to be-nor Firmilian either-which is a pity, as both are admirable for humour. He was a zealous florist and fruitist the white currants trained by him upon walls were as large as grapes. Among these Isles of Thule palpable evidences @of the @Gulf Stream are frequent besides that it warms the northern seas so well that snow and ice are n@ot too com@mon there as in much lower latitudes they are with us-it is the fact that most of the seafaring men have for snuff-boxes the large brown circular beans from Mexico floated on tropical seaweed, full of hand coral, and found on the island beaches westwardly. Another notable matter in these Orcades is the strange disproportion between the sexes, eleven women to one man, as Mr. Hayes, the Lerwick banker, told me this being due to the too frequent drowning of whole boat's crews hence, one often sees women at the oar. A pleasanter thing to mention is the Fair Isle hosiery, the patterns whereof in the woven worsted are distinctly Moorish, just like those at Tangiers said to be a survival of some wreck from the Spanish Armada cast upon the shore, with of course its crew and contents, the local manufacture of said patterns having been kept up ever since, with dyes derived from seaweeds, and from flowers. I frequently observed how diligent in knitting the island women were reminding me of those notable spinsters of Herodotus working the needles all the while they tended cattle, and with the pile of some costly shawl upon their heads while they fidget at the fringe its various devices being of natural unstained wools, white, grey, or brown. In those interesting islands I can dimly recall many other noticeable things and people, everywhere having received the warm welcome which is usually the @privilege of a bookwright all the world over visiting the Stones of Stennis with Mr. Petrie, the Celtic tower of Scalloway with Aytoun, and divers similar antiquities, as Maeshow and other refuges of the Picts and Troglodytes. At Lerwick two of the boatmen who took us to shore from the steamer surprised me by quotations from my old book-even the common folk being full of litera@ture. They are so separate from the great world, and have so little to do, that they cannot help being hard readers,-even of me. A haberdasher told me that though there are in the short summer plenty of simple wild-flowers, there is naturally a dearth all the year round of the brighter and more highly-coloured cultivated kinds and so these being scarce and female vanity rather common, there is a large @trade in artificial fuchsias, pinks, and roses, c., thus constantly making chapel and church quite gay the same ladies who so bedizen themselves on the Sabbath going about all the week carrying burdens of peat, bare-footed and kilted to the knee on account of the bogs, among which they have to chase those small shaggy equines, the Shetland ponies. By the way Mr. Balfour at Oronsay had a special breed of his own, and @showed us a pair of little darlings which he valued at @£100 apiece. The true race, stunted and shaggy from climate, is rare in these days and I suspect may be picked up cheaper at Aldridge's than at Shapinshay. On our return voyage we skirted the whole north of Scotland, having had the rare chance of the steamer which once a year is chartered to take back the herring-fishers from Thurso to the Hebrides. But first Sir George Sinclair most hospitably entertained us at Thurso Castle, whose grim battlements frown flush over the Arctic Sea all within the walls luxurious warmth, and without them wrecks and desolation. So also with the garden on one side of the high wall greenhouses and flower-beds in the Italian style,-on the other, in @strange contrast, the desolate wild ocean, which you see through windows@ of thick plate-glass let into the walls. At Thurso town I conversed with the local genius, Robert Dick, made of world-wide fame since by that kind-hearted and clear-minded author, Samuel Smiles, the said genius being a noted self-taught naturalist, who as a small baker struggled with poverty through life, to be inconsistently rewarded after death by a national monument his fellow-townsmen let the living starve to deify him when dead. Cervantes and his like have met the same fate elsewhere. Leaving Thurso for the Hebrides, in company with no fewer than 700 Gaelic fishermen, we passed the magnificent cliffs of Cape Wrath in a pleasant calm,-which next day@ when we had reached Stornoway turned to a furious storm had we encountered it with those 700 loading the deck it would infallibly have wrecked us,-as it did many other vessels on that night. Sir James Matheson was our great host at Stornoway, who treated me and mine with magnificent hospitality. If I had wished to shoot a buck or to catch a salmon the kilted gillie stood ready with his tackle , I might have done so and welcome but there was no time to spare for anything but a visit to the pre@historic temple of Callanish, where the stones strangely enough are set in the form of a cross instead of the ordinary circle and to a Pictish tower, and other antiquities,-which I preferred to sport. Sir James's piper always wakes the guests a'mornings, parading round the terraces with his bagpipes, and afte@@@r dinner, as usual at the feasts of Highland magnates, he marches round the table in kilt and flying tartans with his drone-like dirge or furious slogan,-being rewarded on the spot with whisky from the chief. Here I will cease my quick reminiscence of that plea@sant northern travel, though I might recount many notice@able matters about Skye and its dolomite Cuchullins, Staffa, Iona, and Oban, where The MacDougal allowed us to see and handle an unusual honour the famous brooch of Lorne, the loss of which saved The Bruce's life, when he broke away from his captor, the then MacDouga@l leaving tartan and shoulder-brooch in his grasp. ############################ and women of my acquaintance there are some for it is not possible to enumerate all of whom I should like to make some mention and, ################## let me speak of the ladies first. In my boyhood I can recollect that astro@nomical wonder of womankind, ###################### great friend of my father's she seemed to me very quiet and thoughtful, and so little self-conscious as to be humbly unregardful of her genius and her fame. Strangely enough I first met @her in the same drawing-room in Grafton Street she lived and died at Chelsea where I acted a silent part years after in some private theatricals with _Miss ####### met during my Ameri@can visit in her then phase of a German Baroness , herself an authoress and a cantatrice, daughter of Dr. Granville, the well-known historian of Spas. I recollect, too, in those early times, _Mrs. Jameson_, then a celebrated writer, and a vivacious leader of literary society and much nearer this day, _Mrs. Beecher Stowe_, whom I found too taciturn, and as if scared at the notice she excited, quite to realise one's expectation of a famous lioness. With her I have since broken a lance in the interest of Byron, whom I considered maligned in the matter of his sweet sister, and accordingly wrote #################################### behalf a vindicatory fly-leaf of poetic indignation. Another lance, too, have I broken in favour of _Ouida_, as against a newspaper critic who had tried to crush her Moths I had met her before that, and did my little best in her defence, receiving from her from Italy a charming letter of acknowledgment. Ouida is not generally known to have been the nursery name of Louisa de la Ramenay, just as Boz was of Dickens. Both Ouida and ############### also I have seen as Mrs. Maxwell, remind me of that great and not seldom unfairly judged genius, Georges Sand. There remains a worthy duplicated friendship of later years, ########## Carter Hall_, of whose geniality and kind@ness I have often had experience also _Mr._ and #### Grote_, my learned and agreeable neighbours at Albury also _Lady Wilde_, admirable both for prose and poetry on Scandinavian subjects, and her eloquent son _Oscar_, famous for taste all the world over and as another duplicate the Gaelic historian and cheerful singer, ############# with his charming daughter, the poetess. Of celebrated men whom I have not previously men@tioned in this volume, there is _Rogers_, the poet, with whom I once had an interview at his artistic house in St. James's Place _Carlyle_, of course, well known to @@@me by books, but personally only in a single visit, when I found him in Ch@eyne Row cordially glad to greet me -after a long talk, taking my leave with a hearty God bless you, sir, his emphatic reply, as he saw me to the door, was, And good be with you! It was a coincidence, proving as many things do the narrowness of the world, that he was living very near to the house where in my young days I had wooed my cousin. Near at hand also in Cheyne Walk I have visited _Haweis_, the eloquent preacher of St. James's, Maryle@bone he lives in the picturesque old-fashioned house that was Rossetti's, and when I called there last Mr. Haweis showed me the strangest and most unwieldy testimonial that any public man surely ever received, in the shape of a ton-weight bell hung in its massive frame and placed in his sanctum, which, when touched, gave out melodious thunder. This giant-gift had been sent to him from Holland in recognition of his musical genius, especially in the matter of campanology. And this word musical reminds me of Mr. Haweis's noble self-sacrifice in giving up his idolised violin that he might concentrate all his energies on religious teaching when I asked to see his famous Straduarius, worth three hundred guineas, and found it unstrung, I ex@pressed my disappointment at not having had the chance of hearing its dulcet tones drawn out by himself, but it lies dumb, though he is eloquent. Of course I have visited the great _Tennyson_ at Farringford, and remember him showing me the tree overhanging his garden fence, which Yankees climb to have a look at him. ######### also, _tantum vidi_, I met at Moxon's, a grandly rugged poet contrasted with the Laureate he seems to me as Wagner@ is to Mendelssohn. ################# has given us a happy day at Albury, coming in _à ########### on one of his dusty walks through @Surrey, as recorded in his book how he enjoyed his tumbler of cool claret and the ramble with my son through the Albury woods as a most genial Bohemian! _Dickens_ I have met several times, and he gave me good hints on my first American visit a man full of impul@sive kindliness and sincerely one's friend. His son _Charles_ also I have occasionally met, the worthy successor to his illustrious father I may here state that many of the articles and poems in #################### from the pen of my youngest daughter. _Richard Owen_, too, now worthily K.C.B., our most famous comparative anatomist, I am privileged to number among my true friends he was one of those who stood sponsor to me when I was to receive a civil service pension. Also I knew for many years my late Surrey neighbour, ########## geolo@gist and I have met _Pengelly_, with whom I searched Kent's Cavern and _Dr. Bowerbank_, the great autho@rity as to sponges, and my then hobby choanites he gave me certain microscopic plates of Bacilli which I was glad to transfer to my worthy and eminent friend, _Stephen Mackenzie_, Physician and Lecturer to the London Hospital. ################ with whose celebrated @father I was in early youth nearly placed as a pupil, I have sometimes encountered and _Shirley Brooks_, _Albert Smith_, and _Mark Lemon_, once a chief of _Punch_, who acted Falstaff without padding and the genial _John Tenniel_, our most exquisite limner in outline the venerable _Thomas Cooper_ also, now in his old age the zealous preacher of a faith he once as zealously attacked an excellent man, and vigorous both in prose and verse. My old friend from boyhood, _Owen Blayney Cole_, must not be forgotten @@year after year for some forty of them he has sent me reams of his poetry. _Edmund Yates_, than whom a kindlier, cleverer, and better-hearted man does not exist, I have known for years his father and mother having been frequent guests at our house in Burlington Street and I sympathised indignantly with him in his recent editorial trouble wherein he was used so hardly. I remember also how he dropped in upon me at Albury one morning just as I happened to be pasting into one of my Archive-books a few quips and cranks anent my books from _Punch_ he adjured me _not_ to do it! for Heaven's sake, spare me! covering his face with his hands. @What's the matter, friend? _I_ wrote all these, added he, in earnest penitence, and I vow faithfully I'll never do it again@! Pray, don't make so rash a promise, Edmund, and so unkind a one too I rejoice in all this sort of thing,-it sells my books, besides-'I'se Maw-worm,-I likes to be despised!' Well, its very good-natured of you to say so but I really never will do it again and the good fellow never did-so have I lost my most telling advertise@ment. I must also not forget to praise that humorous novelist, the late _Frank Smedley_,-a remarkable in@stance of the triumph of a strong and cheerful mind over a weak and crippled body, with whom I have many reminiscences as a brother author. It was wonderful to see how he enjoyed-from his invalid chair- the dances and delights he could not take part in and one day I remember finding him unusually exhilarated, as he was just come from a wedding-break@fast,- rehearsing, rehearsing, he laughingly shouted. Poor fellow,-the victim of an accident in infancy, he lived strapped and banded with steel springs,-but as a gracious compensation Heaven gave him a seeming unconsciousness of his helpless condition, and added the happy mind to make the best of this world while look@@ing forward to a better. And let me not neglect to record, however slightly, a few more recent authorial friendships much valued by me among my Norwood neighbours. I will begin with _J.@@G. Wood_, perhaps our best naturalist, especially in matters entomological. Never were there more humorous no less tha@n instruc@tive lectures than his, illustrated admirably as they are by his own graphic chalk-sketches on the spot and if any one wishes to be convinced that animals have souls, let him read the said Rev. J.@G. Wood's Man and Beast. Next will I mention _Dr. Cuthbert Collingwood_, famous as a naturalist and voyager among the China seas, a poet also, well proved by his Vision of Creation, and a thoughtful writer on religion and metaphysics. There is _Dr. Zerffi_, too, whose varied orations on history and other topics have filled our Crystal Palace with his advanced wisdom for fifteen years. There is _Birch_ the sculptor, author of the Godiva and The Last Call, exhibited here, and well appreciated by me as another _Durham_,-really a metempsychosis of character. Among literary ladies ################################################# in their several departments, the first as an eloquent lecturer like her husband, the second known by her domestic essays, and the third for religious writings. I will add as casually encountered by me hereabouts ######################## magnificent presence in the pulpit is as memorable as his conversation at the dinner@-table, and the interest of his books and ############################## of that finest group of modern statuary the Apotheosis of Shakespeare, exhibited at the Crystal Palace, where, as well, as by correspondence, I have had with him much pleasant intercourse. And here may come a brief memory I wrote lately of Colonel Fred. Burnaby for an American editor. I am asked to give a short note of personal reminis@cence about my lately departed friend, Colonel _Fred. Burnaby_, with whom I was intimate for three years before his death. Every one has read his popular life, and heard of his many exploits how alone in mid-air he navigated a balloon across the Channel how he accomplished, in spite of State telegrams to the contrary, his adventurous and patriotic ride to Khiva in dead winter and defying perils of all sorts how he stood six feet four in his stockings with another foot to be added to that magnificent specimen of manhood when in jack-boots and in his plumed helmet how he was strong enough to bind a kitchen poker round his neck, to crack cobnuts in his fingers, and to carry a pair of Shetland ponies upstairs under his arms,-how also the genial giant, quite the Arac of Tennyson's Princess, was the gentlest and kindest and least dangerous of knights-errant unless, indeed, his just wrath was aroused by anything mean or insolent, when doubtless he could be terrible , and how he was the idolised of men, especially his own brother giants of the Royal Regiment of Blues, and naturally was also the@ adored of women wherever he showed himself. This Admirable Crichton had every social accomplishment, but as he was also gifted with a knowledge of many tongues, even to Turkish and Arabic, beyond the more familiar French, German, Italian, and Spanish, of course he must dare all sorts of perilous travel, if only to prove that he was no carpet-knight, no mere 'gold stick' at court, or silver-casqued statue at@ the Horse Guards. So he fearlessly risked his life in all ways on every possible occasion which the War Office routine gave him on holiday. Khiva and Kars, and of late at last the fatal Mahdi war, had fascinations for him of danger which his thirst for@ active service too much refused to him as obliged officially to be a stay-at-home had not power to resist and we all know how gallantly, if indeed too rashly, he fought and fell on what his Viking blood loved best as a deathbed, the field of battle. For he came of an old Teutonic family, and on his mother's side was also a direct descendant, as he told me himself, of our heroic and gigantic King Edward III., whom he is said greatly to have resembled, as the portrait at Windsor Castle proves. We were talking about ancestry and the anec@dote came out naturally enough. In politics a strong Conservative, he, with charac@teristic antagonism, chose radical Birmingham for his coveted seat in Parliament, but alas! he has not lived to hazard the election. He@ was a neat, fluent, and epigrammatic speaker, as potent with his tongue as with his sword and as for the pen albeit his hand@writing must have puzzled compositors , the myriads of readers who have enjoyed his stirring books in print, can testify how brilliant and eloquent he was for the matter of authorship. He told me of a new novel-of the satirico-political sort-which he had written for the press, but as yet we hear nothing definite of its publication. My own personal acquaintance with the familiar 'Fred. Burnaby' was confined to several hospitable dinner-parties at the house of his relative, Lady W-, my near neighbour and friend at Norwood, about which I might anecdotise to any extent but I never allow myself to record private conversation nor to reveal domesticities.@ All such are sacred in my memory, and on principle I despise the modern mischief-maker whose reminiscences are practically reminuisances. On a cer@tain public occasion, however, Burnaby stood by me, to my great pleasure and advantage, and let me record his kindness thus. When I gave my lecture on Flying at the Royal Aquarium, he most appropriately took the chair, and made some excellent remarks. Altogether, let my testimony, however brief, however inadequate, to the merits of Fred. Burnaby be this I lost in his too sudden death a friend, as I had hoped, for many years to come, and my regrets are for him as one of the noblest of mankind. Let me add a word further, as the worthy witnessing of one, quite a kindred spirit, whose acquaintance I made some long time back, and look for great things from his energy and enterprise, and multifarious ####################### then the famous Eastern Pioneer, who in his book on Asia, says Yes, our Burnabys, our Bakers, our MacGregors, our Gordons-these are the real pillars of the Empire. These are the men who confer provinces upon England, who risk their lives to guard them. When@ the world is a little older, and the working man's vote is worth more than the statesman's opinion, then the splendid achievements of such men will be more generously appreciated and the warm English feeling expended to-day on torpid, stupid, unpatriotic party politicians will be directed towards heroes whose steady undaunted patriotism, in face of public indifference and bureau@cratic disdain, conveys a moral as grand as their careers. A ####################### I have before said, not having been much given to society, nor therefore a professional parasite of Amphi@tryon though sometimes tempted to his side as a lion, but more often vainly, for I always refused if I could , I have an instructive anecdote to give about a celebrated conversationist, whom I will not name nor indicate even by initials. One evening I found myself compelled to accompany him to a great man's banquet-_nota bene_, it was after I had well recovered speech-and so I found myself at his chambers perhaps ten minutes too soon. He called to me from his dressing-room, bidding me to amuse myself till he was ready. Now, on the study table were laid several books, open, with weights to keep them so and I glanced from one to another to while @away the time. Then up came his brougham, and off we went. At dinner my diner-out started a topic, whereof innocently enough I remembered instantly a suitable epigram. Not long after another subject @gave me occasion to tell a witty story, which somehow came to me at the moment. My friend asked me with a keen glance where I had read it, and at once I recollected those open books and understood the position, resolving mischievously to outflank the manaeuverer. Accordingly, at each oppor@tunity, with seeming innocence, I wiped his eye, as they say at a _battue_, and certainly reaped the anecdotic _kudos_ Mr. So-and-so had cunningly contrived and hoped to achieve for himself. I confess it was vicious of me, but who could help taking the benefit of such a chance@? Hosts should beware of wits who cram their jokes and anecdotes. Years after I met the same gentleman at another entertainer's table, where I found him in my presence not quite the livener-up they had expected, and he seemed a little shy of me probably he thought me an omniscient, for I never told the poor man I had found him out. I fear he has departed to a world where genuine truthfulness is more accepted as a virtue than in this. A ############# Quite recently I have had a visit from a young American, who brought me a letter from a so-called cousin-at all events a namesake-in the Far West, asking me to tell her about her German ancestry. My visitor was good-looking, well-dressed, fair-spoken, and gentlemanly also well-bred and well-to-do. I will not indicate his name, but I may state that he is a n@ear relative of the eminent electrician who illuminates so magnificently the fountains at South Kensington. Of course, as pleased with his manners and deportment, I@ kept him to luncheon and finding that he hailed from Utah, naturally asked if he knew Salt Lake City and@ the Mormons there. Certainly he lived not a hundred miles from the city, and those were his own people as a Mormon himself from infancy, he had nothing but good to say of them, and we in England had been very much misled by Mrs. Stenhouse and other travellers. As to plurality of wives, not two per cent. of their whole 200,000 had more than one wife. His own father, a rich merchant and a church-hierarch, a stake of the tabernacle much as we should say a pillar , had but one-his own dear mother-and he scarcely knew any one with more. It was quite a European misjudg@ment that many followed Brigham Young's doctrine, which never had been Joseph Smith's,-and the present chief, Taylor, had but one. He showed us many cabinet photographs of Salt Lake City, his own family, leading Mormons, and the like especially of the Old Tabernacle, like a monstrous tortoise, and one from a finished draw@ing@ of the new, of even more tasteless architecture, being the most gigantic piece of perpendicular ever perpetrated, and full of unsightly windows. When asked about the golden book,-well he had never seen it, but believed in it thoroughly because all the @twelve apostles had seen it and he trusted their testimony. Eleven of those apostles were now dead, one only sur@viving. Just as with our friends of Mr. Irving's sect at Albury, which arose in the same year as Mormonism. We had never set eyes on the originals of our own Scriptures-in fact, they did not exist-but believed the witnessing of others, as he did. He himself was not a missionary, but would go if he was sent by the Church though he mightn't like it, he was bound to, obey, authority, c. c. I had plenty more talk with him, and found him intelligent, modest, and in every way a remarkably agreeable young fellow and I added to my mental ######### of better judgments that on Mormonism,-even as heretofore Mr. Sinnett has taught me not utterly to despise Buddhism, Dr. Wilkinson to revere Swedenborgianism, and a few other people I might name who are true believers, to be charitable as to other sorts of strange isms once I met a very religious clergyman who still held by Johanna Southcote and we have all heard how Lady Hester Stanhope had an Arab horse always ready saddled for Messiah when He is to ride into Jerusalem and how some other person had a gold spoon and fork laid daily at his table for the sudden coming of a Divine Guest@! Our personal lesson is to be tolerant of all manner of innocent enthusiasms, to hear both sides and bear with all opinions,-s@ome@times finding to our astonishment that black sheep may after all be whiter than they looked, and that unchari@table prejudice is but another name for ignorant folly. Before taking leave of my Mormon guest, I ought to report that he was teetotal, handsome, taciturn rather than talkative, a hunter among the Rockies, an author himself, and of course an old book-friend, so I made him happy with some autographic poetries. With reference to Joe Smith's own theological creed, there is a very neat and notable _précis_ of it on p. 171 of a bright little book I have lately read, titled Frank's Ranche, or my Holiday in the Rockies, easily accessible. That creed is so good that when I read it aloud to my homeflock they said, Why, we believe all that@! -and as to the evil matter of many wives, not only did the original Joseph repudiate that doctrine, but his namesake son, still a chief among the Mormons, does the same, and so far has seceded from the Brigham heresy which a son of mine says is not bigamy, but Brighamy. A few forgotten anecdotes may here find place take these twelve as samples of many more such trivials which memory may have at the bottom of her well, if she only dipped for them. 1. A banknote experience when a very small child I used to be taken to the Postford paper-mill at Albury by my nurse, who had a follower or a followed in the foreman there. While they talked together, I was deputed to amuse myself by making banknote paper, as thus a spoonful of pulp put into a shallow tray of wire and shaken deftly made a small oblong of paper duly impressed with Britannia and water-marked being then dried on a flannel pad. Many years after, when @I was preparing for Oxford under Mr. Holt at Postford House, there was discovered a secret cupboard in the wall of his drawing-room which was found to contain several forged plates for printing banknotes and this discovery ac@counted for the recent suicide of a Mr. H-, a previous owner of the paper-mill, who evidently feared exposure and conviction. No one now is allowed to make bank@note paper, except the honourable firm of Messrs. Portal, which has the monopoly thereof but when I was a child, any one might do it, and if there was a forger handy, fraud was possible to any extent. Our New@land's Corner on Merrow Downs is so called from Abraham Newland, whose name is printed on old bank@notes as F. May is on new ones, and who owned Postford Mill. Hence the word Sham-Abram for a forged note. 2. A noted piscatorial editor wishes me to record now I once caught a trout with its o@wn eye-as thus I was whipping the Tillingbourne, and hooked a fish foul, for it dropped off leaving an eye on the hook. In my vexation I made a cast again over the same spot where I had thrown, and actually caught that eager wounded fish with its own eye. 3. When I was a guest of Captain Hamilton at Rozelle, Ayr, he told me that he and all the crew had seen the sea-serpent@!-but that his admiral had inter@dicted all mention of it in the log for fear of ridiculele on which I told him what I had seen of the same sort. When crossing the great Herring Pond in the _Arctic_, the passengers were all summoned on deck from dinner to see that mystery of the deep, the sea-serpent. It was very rough at the time, and certainly within a little distance some @apparent monster hundreds of feet long was rolling on the top of the waves _but_ as some por@tions of it spouted, we soon saw there nothing but a school of whales, the big bull leading and the cows and calves following in a line. This looked like the real thing,-but wasn't. From other evidence, however, and the Rev. J.@G. Wood supplies one, I do believe there are such monsters of the deep whose nest is in the Sargasso Sea. 4. Here is a curious item of my biography. When I was in Canada in 1851, at an hotel in Kingston, the waiter co@mes to tell me that two persons wanted to see me on special business. Admitted, there appeared a very decent man and woman dressed in their best, and with ribbons and flowers. What might they want with me? Please, Mr. Tupper, that you would marry us@! My good man, I can't, I'm not a clergyman. Oh but, sir, you write religion, and we like your books, and we've come across from New York State to Canada to get @married,-so please, c. c. Of course, I did not please, and as to marriage at all gave them Punch's celebrated ad@vice to persons about to marry, Don't.@ On which the hapless pair departed sorrowfully. If I _had_ read the service over them, possibly their respectable consciences @might have been satisfied,-and as with Romeo and Juliet a lay friar Lawrence would have sufficed. Moreover, there's no penalty from one State to another and even on board ship the captain may read services, and on land the Consul marries. 5. A picture story. I am invited to a dinner where a rich New Yorker has asked some connoisseur friends to inspect his new purchase, a Raffaelle Madonna and child, for which he has just given a fabulous amount of dollars. I was asked for special judgment as an artistic Englishman. Well the drawing was ####### but@@ I didn't like the colouring I knew the picture, having seen the original somewhere on the Continent but this couldn't be a copy, as it was less than life-size so, while most of the other guests praised profusely, I requ@ested to withhold my opinion of its merits till I could examine it in daylight,-which, as I was to sleep in the house, was easy next morning. When my eager host appeared, I took him alone after breakfast into his study, and proved to him what, alas! I had too truly sus@pected, that however well painted with the over-accuracy of a miniature and absolutely correct as was the drawing,@-his prize Raffaelle was after all only an oil-coloured engraving@! This he wouldn't believe, triumphantly showing me the ancient canvas at the back but when I told him that between that canvas and the paint he would find paper, and when a penknife scratch under the frame-edge proved it,-he naturally stormed at the dealer who had taken him in, until I suggested a dis@gorging of the dollars, and promising my own silence as to the discovery, left him a wiser man and a grateful. 6. How often the poor letter H has crushed oratory and destroyed eloquence@! Do I not remember how notably a late Lord Mayor raised the echoes of the Egyptian Hall to an explosion of laughter, by commenc@ing grandiloquently, When hi survey the dignity of my 'igh position, c. c. and similarly what a disas@@trous effect@ a certain preacher caused in church by the announcement, This is the hare, co@me let us kill him@? But we all know the mysteries of H and W AEsop Smith wrote a fable about them, whereof this is the finale H, said King Cadmus, one of my oldest friends! never can I spare your respectable presence your ancestor is the throat-utteredHeth of Moses even@@ as you, dear W, are descended from the stately digamma of Homer. Believe me, I value both of you all the more for graceful ambiguities mystery is priceless to your king, and your usage is obscure therefore do I lay upon you higher honour. Henceforth, ye vowel magnates, and you myfaithful commons consonants, take heed that no one be accounted literate or eloquent who places these my oldest friends in a dilemma. Their right use is a mystery so be it but woe be unto those whose innate want of taste profanes that mystery. Honour be to H, and worship be to W and let those who misuse their secret excellences dread the ven@geance of King Cadmus@! 7. Yet a seventh whimsical anecdote rises to the sur@face. When Prince Albert was made a fellow of Lin@coln's Inn, and dined in the New Hall, I was present at the banquet. There was a roast joint and one bottle of port to each mess of four barristers one would think a supply more than ample however, some thirsty souls wanted more wine for the great occasion, and the com@plaint found utterance ludicrously thus. When the National Anthem was sung, some young lawyer who gave the solos, with a good tenor voice and no end of dry humour, raised a gale of laughter and applause by@ singing very devoutly- Long to reign over us _Happy and ############################ of us,_ God save the Queen@! Of course, plenty more bottles were the result,-and the genial Prince Albert laughed as heartily as the rest of us. 8. Yet another anecdote, in these days of professional mendicancy not uninstructive. One day when calling on the Rev. Robert Anderson, at Brighton, a begging visitor came in, calling himself a Polish refugee, and speaking broken English Mr. Anderson in his kind@ness was just about to open his purse, when I said to both of them, I happen to know a little Polish, and wish to ask a few questions accordingly, I rapped out at intervals, with an interrogating air, the opening lines of the Antigone of Sophocles! on which that banished lord,@ stammering out that he had been out of Poland so many years that he had forgotten the lan@guage, bowed himself from the room as a-discovered, impostor. 9. The recent lamentable fire at Kegan Paul's, wherein so much authorial wealth was cremated,-and especially@ no fewer than six of the works of that clever authoress, Emily Pfeiffer,-reminds me of an irrevocable loss sus@tained by Proverbial Philosophy owing to Oudinot's capture of Rome in 1849 for it so happened that the Cardinal Archbishop of Bologna had, as instructress to@ his nieces, a lady@ who afterwards became Mrs. Robinson of South Kensington Museum she, a great admirer of the work, translated my book for them into Italian, and had it printed at Rome, where unluckily both the whole MS. and the finished sheets were all burnt in the city's bombardment. I have since asked Mrs. Robinson if she could possibly reproduce it but-the occasion passed, there is now neither time nor need for it, and so @my Italian version has no existence, except possibly as photographed on the blue ether whither Professor Tyndall hopes to go. A similar fatality, we may re@member, affected Sir Isaac Newton through his little dog Diamond and my friend in old days, Gilbert Bur@@nett, the botanist, had to rewrite his index, a heartrend@ing labour, because a careless housemaid lit a fire with it. @10. And this further reminds me of the perils to which an author's MSS. are perpetually exposed _e.g._, before I put a spring lock on my study at Albury where, by the way, I wrote several of my early Proverbial chapters with a child on my knee I used to find my papers regularly put out of order by the maid arranging the room and upon my cautioning her not to destroy anything, I was horrified by the unconscious Audrey's instant reply, O sir! I never burns no papers but what is spoilt by being written on. Again, I remember to have cautioned my Suffolk friend, Mrs. Crabtree, who had a fine library, not to keep her servants short of firepaper, as they might possibly help themselves out of bound books whereat she was indignant, as if I was traducing a favourite menial however, I went round with her, unfortunately proving the delinquency by exhibiting several handsome volumes with middle leaves torn out!-Once more, in the prehistoric days when we sported with loose powder and shot and paper wadding, I was a guest for some days in September with James Maclaren at Ticehurst, and recollect his horror at find@ing that the luncheon sandwiches were wrapped in some of his most precious MSS.-for he was writing a treatise on finance, and these leaves were covered with calcula@tions-and that his shooting-party were ramming down their charges with the recorded labour of his brains@! It was at Maclaren's that I once tasted squirrel his woods were infested with the pretty creatures, which the keeper shot, and after keeping the skin gave the carcase to the cook it tasted like very nutty rabbit but I protested it was a greater outrage than lark-pudding, which I had recently seen at the Judges' Sentence dinner at New@gate, and said it was a shame to eat the sweet songsters. At Maclaren's I learnt the origin of high as applied to eatables. His game-larder was a tower of many bars, the lowest containing a to-day's shooting, the next yesterday's, and so forth, always moving up hence the stalest were at the top, and so most serviceable as least fresh. Trench on words would approve this reason for high game. ############# Lo! we are led we are guided and guarded Carefully, kindly, by night and by day Punish'd belike, or haply rewarded, As we go wrong or go right on the way Wisdom and Mercy, twin angels of kindness, Take by both hands the child lost in the night, Leading him safely, in spite of his blindness, Guiding him well through the dark to the light. II. All things are ordered,-the least as the greatest Motes have their orbits as fixt as a star,-And thou may'st mark, if humbly thou waitest, Providence working in all things that are Nothing shall fail in its ultimate object, Good must outwrestle all evil at last God is the King, and creation His subject, And the great future shall ransom the past. III. Ay, and this present,-perplexing, degrading-None may despise it as futile or worse@@ Swift as it flieth, dissolving and fading,@ 'Tis the wing'd seed of some blessing or curse. Telescope, microscope,-which hath most wonder@? Infinite great, or as infinite small@? Musical silence, or world-splitting thunder@?-He that made all things inhabits them all. IV. Yea for this present,-each inch and each second Hath its own soul in a thought or a word Ev'n as I watch, God's finger hath beckon'd, Ev'n as I wait, God's whisper is heard@! Trifles, some judge them, that finger, that whisper,-But on such pivots vast issues revolve Those are the watchful reminders of Mizpah, Jazer and Bethel, Life's secret to solve@! V. Mizpah,-for carefulness, honour, uprightness Jazer,-by penitence, meekness, and faith Bethel,-in foretastes of gladness and brightness,-These are the keynotes to life out of death Providence bidding, and prudence obeying, Thou shalt have peace from beginning to end,-Thankfully, trustfully, instantly praying, Walking with God as thy Father and Friend. 12. Apropos to my mention of Mortimer Collins' visit to Albury on another page, I make this extract from his Pen Sketches by a Va@nished Hand, vol. i. pp. 167, 168 @@- @@_A Walk through Surrey._ At Albury I called upon a poet,-one who@m cri@tics love to assail, but who derides critics and arrides the public. Pleasant indeed is the fine old house, with emerald lawn and stately trees, wherein he resides. Not Horace in his Sabine farm, nor Catullus at Tiburs, had a more poetic retreat than the author of Proverbial Philosophy at Albury. But, like Catullus, the advent of May had set the poet longing for a flight far away 'Jam ver egelidos refert tepores, Jam coeli furor aequinoctialis Jucundis Zephyri silescit auris Jam mens praetrepidans avet vagari Jam laeti studio pedes @vigescunt.' And he was about to take wing for sea-side resorts, and the soft cyclades of the Channel, beloved by Victor Hugo. Right hospitable was he a bottle of cool claret cheered the dusty wayfarer, and an hour's pleasant talk was even more cheering. Hence I walked through Albury Park towards Gomshall. The exquisite bit from Catullus will best excuse my otherwise egotistical quotation. A few more anecdotes about literary men and things may here find place. Take these respecting _Thackeray_, and _Leech_, both of which immortal humorists were my schoolfellows at the Charterhouse but, as I have said, they having the misfortune to be merely lower-form boys, and your present@ scribe ranging as a dignified Emeritus, of course there was then a great gulf be@tween us, pleasantly to be bridged over in after life. Thackeray's career has long been fully detailed in public, and I can have little to add of much consequence but I call to mind how that quiet small cynic-so gigantic in all senses afterwards@-used to caricature Bob Watki and the other masters on the fly-leaves of his class@books, to the scandal of myself and other responsible monitors these illustrated classics having since been sold by auction at high prices. But My School-Days have recorded all that. As to Leech, who probably adorned his books simi@larly, he, being a day-boy and allowed for safety to scuttle out of the playground before school @broke up, came not equally under our surveillance in those days@ but long years after, when that genial and witty friend and true gentleman was my guest at Albury, I had great delight in his company, and he helped cleverly to illustrate along with divers other artists my Crock of Gold and Proverbial Philosophy, and in part The Anglo-Saxon. I remember a characteristic little anecdote about him, as thus -We went angling together to Postford Pond, on a fine hot day, thinking less of possible sport than of sandwiches and sherry, and an idle lounge on a sloping bank in the@ shade, and haply though for myself I am no smoker the calmly contemplative cigar. As we lay there, in ############## all at once Leech jumped up with a vigorous Confound that float! can't it leave me at peace@? I've been watching it bobbing these five minutes, and now it's out of sight altogether@-hang it! With that hearty exclamation of disgust pulling up@ a brilliant two-pound perch, the glory of the day@! Next week's _Punch_ had a pleasant comic sketch of this petty@ incident, thereby immortalised by the famous bottled leech. It always struck me that Tenniel and he were a well-matched pair,@ in kindliness, cleverness, and good looks and I never can think of one without the other-_arcades ambo ##################### lived to have his full revenge of Dr. ############# tyrant of Charterhouse and Russell well deserved his castigation both by pen and pencil. Let me also give a brace of home sketches of Long@fellow. I have had two principal interviews with him in his beautiful home at Cambridge, Massachusetts, at the wide interval between those visits of twenty-five years. Of the first of these I record a few words from my American MS. journal in 1851, adding some un@written thoughts and recollections. On April 16th, then, in the year just named, Longfellow wrote to me cordially, and with much kindly appreciation, and soon after, calling on me at Boston, took me off in his carriage over the flooded lowlands to the ancient for America University of Cambridge, where the Queen Anne-like colleges are nestled in fine old elms. He treated me, of course, most hospitably, and had asked several friends to meet the traveller but one, a chief guest, was otherwise engaged, and so I missed Lowell, to my great disappointment. It is not my form to detail private conversation, nor to describe the Lares and Penates of sacred domesticity but I may reveal generally that I spent several golden hours of intel@lectual communion with the Abbott @Laurences, Ticknor, Fields, Prescott, and Everett-illustrious names, which will sufficiently indicate the reception they gave me. At this time of day I cannot remember the thousand winged speeches that flew about that genial board, and, as I failed, from conscientious motives, to record them in my journal, I will not invent, after thirty-four years have passed over my memory, with their crowds of other words and fancies. Be this enough I recollect to have asked Longfellow why he wrote Excelsi_or_, and not the more grammatical Excelsi_us_, as the title to one of his most famous poems. The reason is a curious one he wrote those stirring verses, by request, on the motto @@for the New York coat-of-arms, which is legended not quite accurately, Excelsi_or_. And when, in the same line of thought, I inquired why he named a German story Hyperion, with no apparent reason from clas@sical associations, he pertinently enough answered me by pronouncing the name ########## going higher , the story being a tale of progress in human character. And now to leap over twenty-five years, at which interval I paid my second visit to America in 1876, when again I had the privilege of being Longfellow's guest in the same historic abode where Washington had once his headquarters. My kind-hearted host insisted on my occupying the same arm-chair I had before, and which since, he said, had been the throne of Dickens and Thackeray, and every book-celebrity that had visited Cambridge. Among invited guests unable to@ co@me was Oliver Wendell Holmes, but I soon after made up for this loss by having a long talk with that shrewd and amusing writer at Boston and once more, alas@! no Lowell, whom I missed again, though I had waited for him that quarter of a century@! Longfellow, out of compliment so he kindly said to his English guest, had specially provided pheasants and Stilton cheese, among such more Transatlantic delicacies as wild venison from Tupper Lake, in the Adirondacks , and canvas-back ducks from Baltimore to say less of terrapin soup, whereof the unhatched eggs of tortoises are the ########## After dinner he gave me an apple from Beaupré, Evangeline's farm, the pips whereof I sent to Albury for planting. Longfellow was much interested to hear that my collateral ancestor had married Martha, the heiress of the Vineyard in Rhode Island. Mr. Fields, on this festive occasion, recited some of Mark Twain's humour, and I had to give sundry of my American ballads, and the host himself his exquisite Psalm of Life@@ my Venus, in reply to his Mars, having appeared, and been praised by him, some years before. And this meagre record is all I care, or have space, to give of that feast of reason and flow of soul. With _Charles Kingsley_, however seldom we met, I had strong sympathy in many ways, as a man of men, to be loved and admired but chiefly we could feel for each other in the matter of stammering,-a sort of affliction not sufficiently appreciated. Kingsley con@quered his infirmity, as I did mine, and rose to frequent eloquence in his public ministrations privately his speech would often fail him, and was his thorn in the flesh to the end. I remember a most pleasant day spent with him about the fishponds and cascades of Wotton,-and I noted how skilfully he threw the fly some five-and-twenty feet under the bushes, to the wonder of a gaping trout, soon to find its lodging in the creel and our kind host may still recollect, as I do, how charming was our inter@course that day with the genial author of Yeast, Alton Lock,@@@ Hypatia, Westward ho! and other of our favourites. I have met Kingsley later, in his cloistered nest, as Canon of Westminster, and remember how heartily he expressed his abundant charity for all sorts of miserable sinners, especially about one of whom I came to speak, for there never lived a more universal excuser of human imperfection than Charles Kingsley. His bust, very like him, is in a side chapel of the Abbey, near the west door. With the learned and eloquent Canon Farrar, too, @I have held converse in the same Broad Sanctuary, though but briefly. Harrison Ains@worth has often crossed my orbit. In particular, as a very early contributor to his magazine wherein, by the way, my Flight upon Flying@ originally appeared, to be afterwards reproduced at the Royal Aquarium a year or two ago , I was among his invited guests at Kensal Manor house, for the inauguration of his magazine, meeting Douglas Jerrold, Blanchard, Albert Smith, and others of like note. Also, at Lord Mayor's@ feasts we have periodically met, and at Literary Fund dinners. I may mention that when we came near one another a few years since, at the Mansion-House, an American friend with me was startled at the resemblance between Ainsworth and myself in fact, our photographic por@traits have often been mutually sold for each other, and I remember in a shop window seeing my name written under a photo clearly not myself, however like and my daughter with me said It must be a mistake, for you never had such a waistcoat as that, it being a brilliant plaid so we went in to set matters right, and the shopman, in correcting the mistake, observed he didn't wonder, we were so alike furthermore, on the outside cover of a cheap edition of Ainsworth's James II., his portrait is the very counterpart of one@ painted, by Rochard, long years ago, of myself. I was well acquainted, fifty-five years ago, with three eminent men, who afterwards became viceroys, as their fellow classman and collegian at Christ Church. At that time two of them were only younger sons in their pupa or pupil phases of Ramsay and @Bruce, and wore the same commoner'@s gown as myself the third, though a tuft by courtesy, had not yet come to his heritage. All these three succeeded one another in the high position of a Governor-General of India, and were famous architects of our imperial greatness. I remember on either side of me in Biscoe's memorable Aristotle class before mentioned, the young Ra@msay, afterwards Dalhousie, that great pro-consul who annexed a third of our Indian Empire and the young Bruce, afterwards Elgin, famous from Canada to China the former slim, ascetic, and reserved the latter a perfect contrast, being stout, genial, and outspoken while Canning, tall and good-looking, with curly dark hair and florid complexion, is mentionable also for his fluency of speech and cor@diality of manner-hereditaments, doubtless, of his dis@tinguished father. Of Lord Elgin I have many pleasant memories, especially when he hospitably received me at Toronto, whither he had recently migrated from Mon@treal as I thought unwisely , because the French Cana@@dians there had insulted him. In this connection I may give an anecdote to the point. Soon after my return from America in 1851 I dined with my neighbour at A@lbury, Henry Dru@mmond, the humoursome M.P., always not a little good-naturedly mischievous. He knew that I had not approved of Lord Elgin's petulant removal of his viceroyal establishment from Montreal to Toronto, and cunningly resolved to draw me out before witnesses on the matter. Now I had taken in to dinner@ an elderly Scotch lady unknown to me, and sat next to her of course. Soon my lively host somewhat unfairly asked me about my visit to Canada, and what I thought @of the then notorious flight of the Governor to far dis@tant Toronto,-forcing me to express my disapproval, which naturally as an honest man I did, on which my left-hand neighbour, a lady of rank whom I knew, whis@pered Mind what you are saying, you took in his mother. Accordingly, I had frankly to turn and say, And I'm sure Lady Elgin will @agree with me, and you too, Mr. Drummond, for no captain should fly from his post because he's laughed at. This candid speech was fortunately applauded all round the table, and not least by the friendly Countess and the baffled mischief lover. Lord Elgin most kindly interested himself in the restoration of the Brock monument at Queenstown Heights, which had then recently been damaged by gunpowder, and is since rebuilt my good reason for asking his aid being that Sir Isaac Brock was my near relative his mother bearing my name , and that he had saved Canada by his death in victory. CHAPTER XLI. A FEW OLDER FRIENDSHIPS. It is only fair and right that I make special mention of some friendships of many years, connected more or less with literary matters. Among such names in the past occurs one, if not very eminent, to me at least very kindly, that of Benjamin Nightingale, an antiquarian friend for nearly forty years. We first became acquainted in Sotheby's auction room, where I perceived at once his generous nature, by this token we had been com@peting for a miscellaneous lot of coins, which he bought,@-and then lifting his hat he asked me which of them I had specially wanted these I indicated, of course thinking that he meant me to buy them of him,-but he immediately insisted upon giving them, if I would allow him. This fair beginning led to better acquaint@ance, often improved under our mutual roof-trees. It was his ambition to be my Boswell, as he has sometimes told me and probably there are bundles somewhere of _his_ MSS. and of _our_ antiquarian letters he wrote very well , about which I have vainly made inquiry of a near relative, who knew nothing about them. Some day they'll turn up. Nightingale was much pleased to find himself recorded in my Farley Heath, as to both verse and@ prose. He has been in the Better World some twelve years, and his widow gave me the collections he called his Tupperiana. I confess that the following poem wherein my genial friend figures,-and which many judges have liked as among my best balladisms, is one reason for this record of B.@N. _Farley Heath._ Many a day have I whiled away Upon hopeful Farley Heath, In its antique soil digging for spoil Of possible treasure beneath For Celts, and querns, and funereal urns, And rich red Samian ware, And sculptured stones and centurions' bones May all lie buried there@! How calmly serene, and glad have I been From morn till eve to stay, My men, no serfs, turning the turfs The happy livelong day With eye still bright, and hope yet alight, Wistfully watching the mould, As the spade brings up fragments of things Fifteen centuries old@! Pleasant and rare it was to be there On a joyous day of June, With the circling scene all gay and green Steep'd in the silent moon When beauty distils from the calm glad hills, From the downs and dimpling vales And every grove, lazy with love, Whispereth tenderest tales@! O then to look back upon Time's old track, And dream of the days long past, When Rome leant here on his sentinel spear And loud was the clarion's blast -As wild and shrill from Martyr's Hill Echoed the patriot shout Or rush'd pell-mell with a midnight yell The rude barbarian rout@! Yes every stone has a tale of its own, A volume of old lore@@ And this white sand from many a brand Has polish'd gouts of gore When Holmbury Height had its beacon light, And Cantii held old Leith, And Rome stood then with his iron men On ancient Farley Heath@! How many a group of that exiled troop Have here sung songs of home, Chanting aloud to a wondering crowd The glories of old Rome@! Or lying at length have basked their strength Amid this heather and gorse, Or down by the well in the larch-grown dell @Water'd the black war-horse@! Look, look@! my day-dream right ready would seem The past with the present to join,-For see@! I have found in this rare ground An eloquent green old coin, With turquoise rust on its Emperor's bust-Some Caesar, august lord, And the legend terse, and the classic reverse, 'Victory, valour's reward@!' @Victory-yes@! and happiness, Kind comrade, to me and to you, When such rich spoil@ has crown'd our toil And proved the day-dream true With hearty acclaim how we hail'd by his name The Caesar of that coin, And told with a shout his titles out, And drank his health in wine@! And then how blest the noon-day @rest, Reclin'd on a grassy bank, With hungry cheer and the brave old beer, Better than Odin drank And the secret balm of the spirit at calm, And poetry, hope, and health,-Ay, have I not found in that rare ground@ A mine of more than wealth@? Another long-time friend also of the antiquarian sort was Walter Hawkins, with whom I was intimate for many years. His private collection of coins and curio@sities was even larger and costlier than Nightingale's, and was given by his administratrix to the United Service Museum, where I believe the bulk of it perhaps morally mine still remains in cases not yet unpacked. He died suddenly, to my great financial loss for he was very fond of me, offering himself sponsor and giving his name to a son of mine and as a rich old bachelor he used, to make humorously half promises of benefits to come. In fact, he had called in his lawyer to take instructions for a new will, and partly at@ least had erased or destroyed the old one of a twelve years agone, when, one raw and wintry morning, he insisted upon seeing a lady from and to her carriage without his hat punctilio bei@ng his _forte_ and his fault , caught cold, took to his bed, and was dead in four days@! Accord@ingly a relative with whom he had not been on the best of terms for years, administered to his half will, and succeeded to his possessions. Such is life and its futile expectations. Walter Hawkins had many peculiarities one was this. At great cost he was long building for himself a tomb at Kensal Green, which he would not let me see till it was finished he then triumphantly exhibited to my astonished eyes a domed marble temple with four bronze angels blowing trumpets east, west, north, and south,-and waited for my approval, which honestly I could not give. I heard nothing more of this small mausoleum, for he was a taciturn man but when, some year or two after, I went to his funeral and looked in vain for the temple-tomb, I found it had vanished, and in its stead was a plain marble slab with his simple name and birthday on it, and a blank left for the date of his death. Manifestly he had repented of the vain@gloriousness of those herald angels and their dome and practically took the hint of my dispraise in the adoption of that humbler tombstone. Here is another characteristic trait some navvy had found@ an old rusty anchor near the Thames Tunnel, one of Brunel's ruinous follies,-now, as we all know, finished and utilised by a railway. This anchor, a small one, probably lost by some jolly young waterman, Mr. Hawkins maintained was Roman and he had made for it a superb crimson case lined with satin, which hung on his drawing-room wall at Hammersmith as a decoration. He was also proud of possessing the paw of the Arctic bear which had attacked Captain Parry, but from which he escaped, as also did the bear, for no one is said to have shot the beast however, there was the paw in proof and there were divers other un@common properties. One of the most curious matters about my friend was this the anagram of his name in full and he always wrote Esquire and@ not Esq. exactly describes him, with his peculiarity@ of greeting one with @@_Oh_, I'm so glad to see you@! and with his usual signature W.@H., which also he put on a medal for good conduct to youths, and gave my son one of those W.@H. medals. Now the words Oh, Walter Hawkins, Esquire, makes anagrammatically, W.@H., who likes rare antiques! exactly his idiosyncrasy as a man and a collector. We all know how strangely The Right Honourable William Ewart Gladstone, M.P., spells, I am the Whig M.P. who'll be a traitor to England's rule -may it not prove to be prophetic. And still more strange is the fact that the words William Ewart Gladstone spell Erin, we will go mad at last@! which seems only too likely. Another curious anagram is this,@-in a far different vein Christmas comes but once a year, makes So by Christ came a rescue to man. There's no end to these petty word miracles. But to revert to our theme and to conclude it. As a West India merchant, Mr. Hawkins one day sent me down to Albury a hogshead of sugar and some sacks of rice, to be given or, as he preferred it, sold at half price for honour's sake and not to pauperise @to my poorer neighbours for a Christmas gift. Well, to please him, I tried to sell, and only raised the rancour of the shopkeepers, who declared I was competing with them as a grocer then I gave, with the same experience that soup charity had before taught me, to wit, that poor quarrelled with poorer, and both with me, for more or less given. So I was glad when it all came to an end. It is very difficult, as many a Lady@ Bountiful knows, to be charitable on a wide scale _e.g._ once, in my country life, I tried to recommend brown bread and oatmeal and got nothing by it but ill-will, as if wishing to starve the poor by denial of wheat-flour. Most of us have been checked in such silly efforts to do good through forgetfulness of the fact that usually the poorest are the proudest. Even the luxurious _débris_ of London Club kitchens must be flung into swill-barrels for pigs, because starving men and women will not demean themselves to ask for it at the buttery-hatch. Moreover, that such are often extravagant too, everybody has found out-here's an instance In my legal days, I now and then of course relieved poor folk, and sometimes passed through Seven Dials casually, I looked in upon an old couple to whom I had occasion@ally given a trifle, believing them to be near starvation and I found them roasting a brace of partridges-or was it quails@? for they were waistcoated with bacon,-and I had the charity to hope they had _not_ stolen them@! Anyhow, I never called there again. And, while I am in Seven Dials, let me record another useful small ex@perience. There was a lapidary handy, who had at times cut my beach-found choanites for me. One day I found him making scarabaei out of bits of agate and lapis lazuli. Who gave you an order for these, said I. Well, sir, I don't rightly know his name but he was a furriner. Was the name Signor@-? That's it, sir. Then I set off straight to Sotheby's where I knew the Signor's Egyptian antiquities were soon to be sold, and duly forewarned the auctioneer of these forgeries. I need not detail how at the sale he put buyers on their guard, exposing the fraud, and con@demning the peccant scarabaei to extinction. I wonder how many Grecian bronzes and copper Buddhas have been cast in Birmingham!m! Yet another old friend for many years, so far literary in that he was a sculptor, is to be recorded in Joseph Durham it was he who, more than thirty years ago, modelled in life and made in marble after death my beautiful three-year old daughter, little Alice, epitaphed in my poems. Of Durham's nobleness of character I can here give a charming trait@. I used to go about once a week-sometimes less@ often-to Alfred Place @to see how Durham was getting on with the statue a sleeping infant , and one day, to my astonishment, I perceived that instead of any progress having been made in the work, it had, miraculously to me, retrograded not half so near completion as it was last week. As I was wondering and perhaps not well pleased, Durham said, I had hoped you would not call, till I had made it look as it did last week,-and then you needn't have known it. Known what, friend@? Well, only this @@I came to a stain in the marble, and as I resolved you should have everything of the best,-I took another block, and@ have worked at it night and day, in hopes you wouldn't find me out. There's the other figure, under that cloth. Now, considering that the new block involved a cost of some twenty pounds,-and that the old one might have been artificially doctored, and that anyhow the risk and loss were equitably as much, mine as his,-and further that the young sculptor had little more than daily bread, if that,-I do say all this proves Durham to have been the noble@ fellow I found him to be for years. He is long gone, like so many other friends, to that Brighter World. His life-story in this was a touching one, as he told it to me@ and I think known to very few besides myself. In youth he loved and was beloved but friends and circumstances hindered so she married some one else who, to Durha@m's constant horror and indignation, treated his wife brutally till, one happy day, he died in some fit, probably from his own excesses. And then-here comes the sad climax-when Durham, having achieved fortune and fame, offered himself to his old love, the now rich widow, she deliberately turned away with a refusal, and broke his heart@! Was it any wonder that his grief sometimes sought@ the solace of voluntary for@getfulness, or that certain false friends of his I wot of have in their teetotal Pharisaism made the evil most of an occasional infirmity, and have blackened even with printer's ink the memory of one of God's and Nature's true noblemen@! Besides my little daughter in marble so charmingly asleep that, in the Royal Academy, we heard one lady whisper to another, Hush, don't talk so loud, you'll wake her@! -besides _that_, his ############ I always think, he modelled the bust of her father, now in the Crystal Palace Gallery,-but would not accept any payment for it@! So like Durham,-w@ho in many secret ways was ever generous and trying to do good he was always self-forgetful and only too modest. _Apropos_, I remember that when Lord Granville asked the sculptor of Prince Albert's statue at South Kensing@ton@ Whether the Queen, who was so well pleased, could do anything for him -suggestive, no doubt, of a knighthood-the dear unselfish Durham replied, Thank you, my Lord,-if her Majesty's pleased, I'm satisfied. So that chance for a title was thrown heedlessly away,@-but we always called him Sir Joe ever after specially among the @@Noviomagians, a band of antiquaries who used to dine together jovially at many pretended and picturesque sites of the undiscoverable Noviomagus, and among@ them I have met and numbered as my friends Chief Baron Pollok, George Godwin, Francis Bennoch, Thomas Wright, Thornbury and Fairholt and other noted names, some of them still among the living. It gave me great pleasure as a Guernseyman to have been chiefly accessory to a duplicate in bronze of the Good Prince's statue by Durham being set up at the Pierhead of St. Peter's Port. Interest was exerted by me to get royal permission for a new cast from the original, Government giving the metal of old cannons a collection from house to house was made through@out the island, granite to any extent was on the spot, meetings were held, and I had the pleasure to see Durham's grand work inaugurated there, and to find him welcomed@ by all the Sixties -ay, and the Forties too-with the hospitality for which Sarnia was in those days proverbial. In this brief record of my literary life, I ought not to ignore sundry true and constant book-friends known to me only by correspondence, and that in some cases through many years@. I cannot touch them all, and shrink even from mentioning one or two, for fear of seeming to omit others but I will endeavour to do my best and wisest in the matter. Foremost, then, among those unseen favourers of your author is the Baroness Stanislas von Barnekow, of Engelholme, in Sweden with whom during fifteen years I have interchanged certainly fifty letters, if not more, hers at least being full of the utmost kindliness, cleverness, and for a foreigner even truly poetic eloquence. This tribute to her@ talents and warm feel@ings is only a debt of gratitude. She it was who volun@tarily translated into Swedish my two first series of Proverbial Philosophy, and many of my lyrics@ in Cithara and naturally I was willing to answer her in kind for the Baroness is an excellent and well-known poetess in her own land , but, as unfortunately the Swedish tongue is not among my few accomplish@ments, I was glad to turn to a @diligent and authorial eldest daughter of mine, who learnt the language for me, and responded to our unseen friend with many of her poems rendered into English verse, as she had similarly favoured mine in Swedish. My said daughter afterwards improved upon the idea by several more like translations, since published in book-form, as some from the Sagas, and in particular many original poems of much merit from the pen of King Oscar and Princess Eugenie, which greatly pleased them, as their photo@graphs and autographs testified the Baroness's brother, Count Von Wrede, who is the King's Chamberlain, having kindly given facilities. I trust that my old friend unseen, Stanislas, will not be displeased by this proof that I remember with appreciation her many expressions of esteem for my unworthiness. Next, I do not @know that I have mentioned the late@ learned Norman poet, _George Métivier_, as having long ago translated my Proverbial Philosophy into French he died at a great age, I think past ninety, and was highly honoured by his native Guernsey, through life and death I remember him with much gratitude for his labour of love in respect of my book. Through many years also I have corresponded with another Norman poet, _John Sullivan_, whose very clever French poems I have often versified into English for him, and he h@as returned the compliment by sending translated fly-leaves of mine over the Gallic world.@@ Let one more in this authorial category be the ex@cellent and learned _Canon ## Jenkins_, whom I have known from his childhood, and who in these latter years has routed out for me, chiefly out of Zedler's Genea@logical Encyclopaedia, the heraldry and ancestry of my own Thuringian pedigree the Canon being one of our keenest antiquaries in that line, and having German at his fingers' ends. He co@mes, as I do, from old Lutheran stock, and is full both of prose and poetry of a high class. My best regards to him and his. The _Rev. ######## of Dorset dialect fame, is another memory as also in years past the late _Cheva@lier de Chatelain_, a relative of my Norwood friend, _Victor #################### musical authority. No doubt@ I have corresponded with most of the literary men of my day, from Tennyson to-well, I will not sound a bathos, but I do not publish private notes without permission, and in fact there would be no end of such printed amenities of literature battledored and shuttlecocked from one to another. I may, however, mention as a good habit of mine is it not a good one? that, whenever I like a book, I take leave to thank its author, and have usually received, _en révanche_, warm letters of their gratitude from many, especially if young ones. Surely it is proper in a veteran so to encourage a juvenile or even a mature brother, should he seem to deserve it. As also, be it known, that sometimes I have taken up the pen faithfully and honestly to rebuke in these realistic and atheistic days there are some modern writers, both of prose and poetry, older or younger, @who@ have reason to thank me for ti@mely expostulations,-if they have attended to my friendly strictures. Throughout my lengthened spell of life I never was anything of a zealous politician. Well acquainted, as I have been, with many men of all manner of opinions, and having had much the schooling of Ulysses, who had seen the cities of many men and had known their minds, I know perfectly well that there are in every school of thought good men, and bad men too, what@ever may be their alleged principles, and I am quite willing to believe in an _honest_ man, and stand by hi@m if need be. In that spirit, for many years when I was a West Surrey voter indeed I am so still , I used to give one of my votes to Briscoe, the Whig, and the other to Drummond, the Tory, because I knew and trusted both of them for upright men as well as personal friends, and they sat together@ as our Parliamentary representatives. As a matter of course, nobody understood my duplex voting,-for they were partisans and I was not,-so in that as in some other matters I have always been a dark horse, quite independent, and of the broadgauge pattern rather than of the narrow. For instance, hav@ing known him from youth to age, I do not even yet despair of Gladstone though I have remained much where we both began, whilst he has gone down lower, step by step, to a zero of-what is ################################################### whither I cannot willingly descend with him and yet, I do not count him an enemy he follows his conscience, as I do mine. Here was my judgment of the Man thirty years since, printed in No. 53 of my@ Three Hundred Sonnets Gladstone, through youth and manhood many a year My constant heart hath followed thee with praise As 'good and faithful ' in thy words and ways Pure-minded, just, and simple, and sincere And as, with early half prophetic ken I hailed thy greatness in my college days, The coming man to guide and govern men, How gladly that instinctive prescience then Now do I see fulfill'd-because, thou art Our England's eloquent tongue, her wise free hand To pour, wherever is her world-wide mart, The horn of plenty over every land Because, by all the powers of mind and lip Thou art the crown of Christian statemanship. That high praise was once well-deserved, and was cor@dially given but since, alas@! according to@ my lights I have seen fit more than once to palinode. The great man's rock of peril, whereon to wreck both his country and himself, is that fatal eloquence by which all are captured, but as with birdlime are captured to their loss. But I will not reproduce invidiously-as if false to a fifty years' friendship-any harsh reproach, however conscientious, whereby I may have publicly withdrawn my praise. Rather will I pass on,-and after my own fashion will here show my ambidextrous muse in a brace of political u@npublished lyrics on either side. ################### dragg'd from the fetters of kings, Liberty! dug from the cell of the priest-Rise to thy height upon zenith-borne wings@! Spread to thy breadth from the west to the east@! Slow, through the ages, unbound limb by limb, Thou hast been rescued from tyranny's maw, Only glad service still yielding to Him Who ruleth in love by the sceptre of law@! Nations have torn thee by fierce civil strife From the usurpers who trod them to mud Saints at the stake gave up agonised life That superstitions be drown'd in hot blood@! Theirs was the battle-the conquest is ours-Free souls and bodies the death-wrestled prize Won from bad kingcraft, despoiled of its powers, Wrench'd from false priestcraft in spite of its lies! God made the freeman, but man made the slave, Forcing his brother the shackle to wear But all those fetters are loosed in the grave, King, priest, and serf meeting equally there Here, too, and now, in these swift latter days, Freedom all round is humanity's right Thought, speech, and action, enfranchised all ways, Eager for service in Liberty's might. That may be truly labelled@ Liberal the next, in honour of Beaconsfield, may be fairly ticketed Tory I. Great Achiever, first in place England's@ son of Israel's race@! Man whom none could make afraid, Self-reliant and self-made,-Potent both by tongue and pen In the hearts and mouths of men, Wielder in each anxious hour Of the mighty people's power, Wise to scheme, and bold to do, Who can this be,-history, who@? @@II. Heaper of a new renown Even on Victoria's crown, Mightiest friend of blessed peace By commanding wars to cease, Paralysing faction still, Swift in act and strong of will, Forcing every foe to cower Under Britain's patient power, Like himself, firm, frank, and true, Who can this be,-justice, who@? For other of my politicals, take this common-sense essay from my pen, hitherto unpublished - IS THE ONE-VOTE SYSTEM RIGHT OR WRON@G?@@ In a nation self-governed through its own representa@tives, it seems reasonable to admit that each citizen should have a vote each citizen, we say, simply as such whether male or female, labourer, pauper, civil, @military, naval, or official, every one not convicted of crime nor an attested lunatic, of full age, of sufficient capacity evidenced by being able to read and write , celibate or married, rich or poor,-every person in our commonwealth should equitably, it may well be con@ceded, have his or her single vote in the government of the country. Poverty is no crime, therefore the Work@@@house should not disfranchise sex is no just disqualification, therefore the woman should have her vote as freely as the man, for surely marriage ought not to@ suffer derogation and disgrace by denial of the common right of citizenship as its penalty the soldier, sailor, policeman, government-official, and any other class which may now be deprived of their birthright by law or custom, should certainly be admitted to the poll like other patriotic citizens in@ short, manhood suffrage, it may be theoretically argued, is just and wise-manhood of course including womanhood, as suggested above for even a wife either sides with her husband or controls him in common cases and in the less usual instances where he rules, there need be no more tyranny about poli@tical matters than about@ domesticities, and so the home would scarcely@ be any the worse even for partisan zeal. However, whilst admitting the theoretical propriety of a one vote for each citizen in the state, there remains to be co@nsidered the higher practical justice of many having more than one. Numbers alone are not the strength of a people if of inferior quality they are rather its weakness. For the Parliament of England representation is demanded of all the virtues, talents, and acquirements, not certainly of the vice, ignorance, poverty, and other evils more rife among the lower rungs of the social ladder than to those above them. The single vote system so far as the franchise has any influence at all depresses and demoralises every class, as reducing all to one dead level. The ballot plan is now law and@ cannot well be done away with but it is manifestly a humiliation for intelligence to have to sign with his mark in order that ignorance may thus feel itself on an equality and for honest geniality to be hushed into silent secresy, that it may not put to shame the cunning fraud of a partizan who wishes to hide his real opinion. However, it is now too late to mend the ballot-box let it be, and let the single voter@ use it if @he pleases. Another and a wiser scheme presents itself, practi@cally if possible even now to avert the national ruin wrought by the machinations of a rash and blind self-seeking spirit of party, often, seen hoist by its own petard, though too liable to destroy the foundations of society in the explosion. Shortly and simply, the scheme is this. Let every man, high or low, add to his one vote others as @he may and can. Be there a vote for the Victoria Cross, another for the Albert Medal, another for long good-service in@ the hous@ehold or the farm, another for any such intellectual exploits among the poor as @Samuel Smiles has recorded all these being accessible to the humblest, and so elevating them thus far. And now to ascend a few rungs, let additional votes be given to owners of a stated number of acres, to possessors of a certain amount of money, to those who have been deemed worthy of public honours, and the like. A little further, let every mayor of a town have his official vote, and the Presidents of the Royal Society and Royal Academy, and perhaps two or three other chiefs of science and art and so forth. Thus, then, we might get, by way of counterpoise to the voting power of a bare and overwhelming prol@etariat, the worthier and far sweeter voices of those who have virtues and excellences of various kinds to recom@mend them,-so that if the lowest constituent counts for one, the highest may add up to six or eight. And thus, while no one of the mob is denied his one vote, those who rise above the crowd receive the more than one they have earned by good-doing or position, and plu@mp them all accordingly to the worthiest candidate.@ The method of ascertaining and ensuring such votes might be this. Let each man who has more than his single suffrage apply for the paper specially prepared to indicate the additional votes. They might be much as ############################### For the Victoria Cross @@Signature of Claimant. For the Albert Medal ditto. For faithful domestic service in one ######################## ######## For field-work on the same farm thirty years ditto. As a famous self-taught naturalist ditto. As owner in fee of 50 acres ditto. As possessed of £1000 in Government funds ditto. As publicly selected for honour by the Queen ditto. As mayorof such a city ditto. As President of the Royal Society ditto. As President of the Royal Academy ditto. c. c. c. Heavy penalties should attach to false claimants, who would be readily found by their own signatures. All these surplus votes, openly avowed, of course, and not kept secret as the single one in the ballot-box, would be counted up in the scores of the several candidates. The surplus-voting papers should be applied for, be supplied, and be returned when filled up-by post, and so all such voting be accomplished on paper, as in the elections for Oxford University, c. It is a barbarism and anachronism at this time of day to insist on the great cost and inconvenience of a personal appearance,@ in many cases impossible. If our people in every class, and our legislators of @whatever party, are dissatisfied with the present system of representation as by no means showing the nation at @@@its best, and thus practically a mistake, let them con@sider this suggestion one made long ago by the writer as proved by his published works. ################ I. For Church and State@! our father's honoured toast Dear England's ancient bulwark and her boast Must we now cease to build and man the wall At base Sanballat's and Tobiah's call@? Shall Atheistic scorn and Jesuit guile Make Nehemiah quit his work awhile, That their Arabian host may tear all down, And trample in the dust our Zion's crown@? May God avert it@! No surrender! No@! We will not yield the battle to the foe, Nor shall the children of our fathers thus Betray the heritage they left to us@! II. For Church and State! While so we dread no storm, Let no man shrink from wise and just Reform But with a firm and faithful, yet kind, hand, Prune cankers and corruptions from the land Humble the pride of priestcraft! we are each Brother to him who doth Christ's gospel preach, And-though a trivial shibboleth offend-One who serves God and man shall be my friend Ay, and some loaves and fishes should be given By the rich state to Ministers of Heaven@! So shall both Church and State survive this strife, And dwell at peace with all, as man and wife. III. For Church and State!-Yea though the King of Heaven As bridegroom to the Church Himself was given, Yet is He symbolled in this earth-bound sphere By the throned presence of our Sovereign here@@ And, ev'n as man and wife in @figure show Christ and his spiritual spouse below, So by the eye of faith we gladly scan Our double duty-both to God and man-In yielding hearts to love, minds to obey Religion's mandate and the Ruler's sway, Defending timely, ere it be too late, Our threatened fortresses of Church and State@! As to the disputed matter of Protection, I am for Free Trade so far only as regards the matter of pro@visions but I desire Fair Trade on the reciprocity system where manufactured articles and their raw material are concerned. We absolutely require free food,-but are being ruined by the bad bargain of one-sided Free Trade otherwise. Our ships Mr. Brockelbank tells me go out empty, and return full exports fail, but imports are redundant. As a final word about my politics, which I suppose may be called Liberal-Conservative, I am free to confess that I am only too half-hearted and am rather of Talleyrand's mind in the matter, surtout point de zêle. However, I heartily side with any one who protests against hereditary pensions, especially in the case of royal illegitimates, as also against the glaring impropriety of ceasing to exact legacy and probate duties beyond a certain sum, thus favouring the million@aire, as well as of excusing the highest of our society from all manner of taxation. These pieces of favouritism to the rich and great are only too reasonable causes of popular discontent, and must ere long cease. I would shut up half the public-houses in spite of all the brewers in the Lords and Commons and for Church matters, parishioners should have some control over @@their pastors. If ever our Establishmentis overthrown@@, that catastrophe will be due to clerical faults and de@faults, rather than to lay apathy or hostility. If rectors were less tyrannical, congregations would love them better and if curates were more inclined to Luther than to Rome, the Protestant heart of England would the gladlier @appreciate their zeal and capabilities. As to the social mischief of Trades' Unions, an organised conspiracy of employed against employers, fatal to both, I have often exposed that evil in newspapers, though anony@mously. It is an outrage on the honest working man with a family, that even in starving times he is obliged by paid demagogues to refuse work and wages unless he will give the least labour for the most pay, as the worst of his mates are glad to be forced to do while the wicked absurdity of strikes, smashing factory windows and destroying machinery in order@ to coerce unfortunate masters to pay higher wages than they can afford, is climaxed by those brigand processions of idle roughs who go about bawling, We've no work to do, and wouldn't do it if we had. The British workma@n of course with many exceptions has become a byword for everything unpleasant, which both large contractors and small employers avoid if they can drink, bank holidays, radical spouters, the conceit of being better than their betters, and above all that suicidal iniquity of strikes, seem in these latter days to@ have generally demoralised a race of citizens of whose virtues our commonwealth once was proud. No wonder that@ John Bull had to go to Germany to finish his Law Courts. CHAPTER XLIII. A CURE FOR IRELAND. In connection with the above, I will here print for the first time a paper written long ago on the now rife subject of a cure for Irish misery at all events partially. Ireland has been with me a theme for many kinds of literature from that usual sort of authorship, letters in the _Times_, to journalising on occasion, balladising in or out of season, and now and then a political squib or graver article. I have known that hapless land well in old days from Giant's Causeway to Cape Clear have been a guest in several noted homes@, as with geological Enniskillen and astronomical Crampton know the natives well, and how they have been taught by priests and demagogues to hate the Sassenach, and, like most well-meaning men, who, after every kind effort, find themselves utterly misunderstood, am as a @merely private and quite unprejudiced politician entirely at a loss @to know how to please that i@mpracticable people, or to mend their miserable condition. However, that in my authorial fashion I _have_ tried, let the following paper prove written and published nearly thirty years ago. Nations think and feel and act much as individuals do for, after all, the largest crowd of men is, only an aggre@gate of units. If contempt provokes a man to anger, and avowed neglect forces him into indolence and hope@lessness, we shall see the same result in masses as we do in single persons and the causes which may have generated hatred and despair will everywhere and everywhen find cures in their contraries, honour being accorded in the place of contempt, and kindly care instead of cold indifference. Thus, the far too common phrase, 'No Irish need apply,' has doubtless wrought infinite ill-feeling and the Levite's chilling rule of 'passing by on the other side' evermore arouses indig@nation nationally no less than individually. Now, it cannot be denied in an ethnological sense that the Celtic nature is peculiarly sensitive any more than it can be denied historically that its good feelings have been too often systematically crushed, and its generous impulses seared. If the @Teutonic mind illus@trates in sterner traits the manhood of human intelli@gence, the Celt shows its gayer youthfulness, if not indeed the lighter phases of its reckless childhood and it has been a second nature for the Saxon to hold mas@tery over the Celt, as a weaker race is everywhere subject to a strong one. Moreover, opposition in re@ligious creed has had its evil influences, scarcely yet extinct, however caustically such a cure may in vain have been hitherto attempted. We must take nations as we find them the Keltoi and the Sakai, always at contrariety, do not seem to have altered in character from the earliest prehistoric reports of old Herodotus even to our own times, more than three thousand years. Racial peculiarities are known to survive the actual transplantation to new lands see in especial the Irish of America as the Roman poet has it, 'Those who cross the sea may change their sky, but not their mind.' Therefore it is that a far-seeing and philosophical statesmanship should ever deal specifically-and as if individually-with national character for example,@ if we would convert the typical Irish mind from must we say it@? hatred of England to the love of her, we must commence as we would in domestic life, by somehow managing to please our too sensitive sister, by showing her our sympathies, and by treating her with honour instead of contemp@tuous indifference thus investing her with 'the gar@ment of praise for the spirit of heaviness.' It is a quarter of a century since the writer of this paper published in the course of a book of his, now somewhile out of print The Rides and Reveries of AEsop Smith , the following short chapter, on page 322, here reproduced textually. It was headed The Unsunned Corner, and runs thus -Ireland came upon the _tapis_, and AEsop said, when his turn came to speak One of my fields, on the wrong slope of a hill-side and surrounded by trees, scarcely ever sees the sun and by consequence its crops are short when arable, and when in pasture its grass sour, and the hay musty. And why then, he went on to say, shouldn't Ireland have a palace-a Balmoral at Killarney, or another Osborne at Killiney? Poor Erin is that unsunned corner of our Empire's field and it seems a thousand pities that the kingdom of Ireland should be denied some such special royal home as is even found rather superfluously at the camp at Aldershot. What if one of those lovely arbutus-wooded islands at the foot of M'Gillicuddy's Reeks were fitted with a Swiss cottage for the Queen? Or if Bantry Bay supplied its marble for a royal castle near Cape Clear@? @@Or if the railroad to Galway were supplied with a gilt carriage or two to waft Majesty and children to some western palace in Connemara@? Think you such gleams of sunshine wouldn't fertilise that poor neglected field, nor make its crops abundant, and its peasants happy?@@ Think you that the gold mine of Royal bounty, and the graciousness of Royal favour, would not work a blessed change for grateful Ireland@? Try it, O good Queen@!-a Viceregal Court, excellent as ours is now, is but a sorry substitute for the real Majesty, nickel for silver, electrotyped plate in@stead of the true golden buffet not without snobbism too, and toadyism and vulgarism and other detestable small heresies. If but once in three years Victoria's rural Court were housed in an Irish palace, her presence would do more for happiness, prosperity, and patriotism than@ all of these that Maynooth grants have ever hindered. Thus AEsop Smith in 1858 delivered his mind on the matter. It is by no means pretended or supposed that a palatial residence would of itself cure Irish evils and misfortunes but it might be a step towards this good result@, and at any rate would remove one very allegible accusation of neglect Ireland should enjoy the like privileges with her sister kingdoms England and Scot@land and however ###################### a simple prescription may seem as AEsop Smith suggests, his advice contains at least one very obvious and easy cure for Irish disaffection and I am not aware that either by pamphlet or in Parliament it has yet been seriously mooted. The Celts are a folk of essentially loyal in@stincts but much as Americans often are heard to complain in their own behalf they have, as an inde@pendent nation, no seen and known object for their loyalty. Since the days of Brian Boroime at his mythic court of Tara, the Irish people have hardly set eyes upon the monarch of their country perhaps if we except the conquering William of the Boyne our elderly Adonis, George the Fourth, was the sole specimen of English Majesty that has illuminated Ireland until our gracious Queen herself made two very short but notable visita@tions in 1849 and 1853 yet even in the Georgian instance, unfavourable as personally it must have been, the enthusiastic reception he met with some sixty years ago at the hands of his Irish subjects is still re@membered after two generations with a grateful and effusive loyalty. Imagine, if only from such an example as this, what might be the beneficent effect of our good Queen periodically visiting her kingdom of Ireland, and per@manently having there so@me such happy homestead as Osborne or Balmoral if also, in her absence, one of the princes of our Royal@ house represented his Imperial mother as Viceroy and if in their train the tide of aristocracy, wealth, and fashion flowed in upon im@poverished Ireland. It is not easy to calculate the advantages of such a social revolution as this and surely, in spite of many obvious objections, such an experiment might be worth the trial. A beginning might avowedly be made in the right direction, by building or purchasing some suitable castle as a permanent palace for Ireland's Queen say, for old association's sake, at Tara, if anyhow adaptable,-or any other picturesque neighbourhood connected with some ancient chieftain of the Irish quasi-heptarchy wherein a Royal Establishment might be commenced, in present proof of the serious intention as to an early future residence the mind of the people might be thus prepared for the speedy coming of their Sovereign and her Court, and would be softened and gratified by the evident confidence and good-feeling thus shown as well as their condition materially benefited by the necessary expenditure that must be laid out locally in labour and materials, giving work to the needy, and so helping to cure Erin's chief disease,-poverty to the verge of famine. As to actual life-peril,-every due precaution being taken,-the happy result of such a humanising experiment might fairly be left to the generous native loyalty of a kindly treated people, and to the gracious guardianship of God's good providence. I am sure that present Royalty would neither be boy@cotted nor burked. We remember with what generous cordiality our Prince and Princess were received by all classes and creeds in their recent brave visit to Ireland. I cannot honestly pretend to have always taken quite so amiable a view of Celtic matters. I plead guilty to having more than once assailed in print Daniel O'Connell and his kind, and to have written a pair of once famous poetical fly-leaves, Erin go bragh and Hurrah for Repeal! copies of which beyond my archived ones can now only be found in the Ballad Collection of the British Museum, which I used to supply with my Sibyllines, at a chief librarian's r@@equest I forget the name, but he collected such placards. I fear the two above were not very complimentary but what can one do for a perverse people, who com@plain of it as a wrong that they are excused the Queen's @taxes? Also I wrote certain famous letters on Ireland, especially four long ones signed T., in the _Times_ of January 18@47. In Ireland I have caught a salmon at Killarney and cooked it too on an arbutus stake I have bruised my shins at the Giant's Causeway I have been an honoured guest at classical Florence Court have picked up native gold at Avoca have done the Round Towers, possibly Phoenician Baal-temples have handled Brian Boroime's harp and have been shocked everywhere by the poverty and degradation of that musical barbarian's miserable because idle people. What can be done for those who will not help themselves@? ################################################################# experiences of spiritualism, as on several occasions I have verbally related them, I have hitherto neglected or declined to do so, on account of having really seen little, whereas many others have seen far more. And on the whole it is to me rather an unwel@come task from several considerations first, because@ I have never wished to add, by my apparent testimony, to the rising tide of unwholesome superstition in that or any other direction secondly, because I had always a crowd of more important matters to look after, and, perhaps, was inclined to indolence in the _dolce far niente_ respecting things of less consequence to myself and thirdly, in chief, because, albeit I have seen and heard a few of the petty miracles avouched for other@wise by thousands of better witnesses inexplicable to my own reason, I yet entirely abjure and renounce this so-called spiritualism as any part of my personal belief. In @particular, it seems to me quite an inconclusion to give to@ the spirits of the dead, or to any other exist@ences, good or evil unless, indeed, by possibility to our@selves as magnetically and sympathetically influenced by so@me metaphysical potencies whereof we know next to nothing , the seemingly miraculous powers exhibited, ####################################################### weakly and childishly, in numberless _séances_, privileged to possess among the company an ecstatic medium between as is assumed themselves and beings immaterial. The little I have seen and heard shall, however, now, upon a reasonable call, be related simply and honestly, without any theory beyond what is parenthetically alluded to in my last sentence, and with no attempt at explanation, but only the expression of this truth, viz., that no collusion apparently was possible according to my judgment in any of the following manifestations, and that I promise only to state plain facts, however, others may seek to expound them. Of course, where cunning and dishonesty may contrive conjuring tricks it is not worth while to treat such manifestations seriously, but I speak of what seemed to be genuine, if trifling, marvels. To@ begin, then, with my earliest experience, written down the same evening, and sent to the _Brighton Gazette_, from @which I give a@n extract. The date@ is Thursday, January 25th, 1849 the host, the late Mr. Howell, of Hove the performer, Alexis, pupil of M. Marcillet, who accompanied him. After clairvoyance, induced by passes, Alexis is bl@indfolded carefully, and then, with the host's own pack of cards, wins blind@folded at ga@mes of écarté with myself. Next, a French book, brought by an incredulous physician, was placed open upon the forehead of Alexis, who read aloud some lines of it. This experiment, with variations, was several times repeated. The third was my own test. I had sealed up something unknown to all the world but myself in twelve envelopes of white paper. Alexis, pla@cing@ the parcel on his forehead, in broken and difficult enunciation, said it was writing, two names, both commencing with M one of them an English name, the other French, or some language not English that the first contained four letters, the second six being really nine , but he failed to give the names, which were Mary Magdalene. @It was suggested that if they had been written in French his mind might have more easily discerned them. After this, several locks of hair and sealed-up parcels, watches, and lockets, were with so@me unsuccessful attempts guessed at, seemingly to the satisfaction of the ladies and gentlemen who had respec@tively brought them for explanation. The last experi@ment regarded a large bon-bon box covered up, in which the host himself had concealed a mystery. Alexis described it as wrapped in several folds, graven all round, oval, a portrait of a young person of eighteen, but done a long time ago, set in gold, femme habillée en blanc elle est morte, la tête au droit. In all these respects the object was faithfully described, in particular to the long time ago, which, by a date on the portrait, was found to be 1769. And there were some other experiments, but Alexis, as appearing to be well-nigh worn out with mental exertion, was then mercifully unmesmerised. I may mention, by the way, that the said host at whose house Alexis attended was a firm believer in the power of the human will, and as connected therewith, in mesmerism, whereby he used to cure people of head@aches and other infirmities and, at length, through his philanthropic and energetic attraction to himself of @other folks' disorders for he fancied he imbibed for his own behoof the pains he drained ######## he un@happily became a paralytic, dying not long after. One of his less perilous attempts at the miraculous, I remem@ber was this he brought a street Arab into his drawing-room, and put a half-crown down on the carpet for him to pick up if he could, and keep for himself however, this the boy found, to his wonderment, to be practically impossible, seeing that Mr. Howell had secretly willed that he could not and should not pick up the prize. But such efforts of a man's strong will are well evi@denced in numerous other instances, and serve to prove that no spiritual interferences beyond our noble selves are essential to such mysteries. Amongst other reminiscences of the marvellous, I may refer to a private exhibition in the Berners Street Hotel, to which I was invited by Mrs. Washington Phillips of whom more anon , to investigate Mr. Ver@non's influence over a little girl some twelve years old. The child's specialty was an alleged capability of read@ing without eyesight, the back of her head low down on the nape doing duty in the way of vision. To omit numerous other successful examples some failing, which I thought so far evidences of the absence of collusion , I will detail my own conclusive experiment. But let me anticipate an objection relating to the exhibitor him@self. Some of our pa@rty, a very distinguished one, and known to each other, kept Mr. Vernon in conversation at a distance, while the child was reading our thoughts, or the actual words of print unknown to ourselves, quite independently of his manipulations he having first comatised her into a mesmeric state of trance. The invited guests were told, as in the Alexis case, that we might bring our own@ tests and I had put into my pocket a small volume ofMilton, from which she might read@ on the nape of her @neck, if she could. We had @@previously bandaged her eyes, even to plaistering them up and were only bidden to be careful not to let the handkerchief cover the place of reverted seeing on her neck. I stood behind the child, and, without knowing where I opened my little Milton, placed the expanded volume on the back of her head and forthwith, slowly and with difficulty, as a child might, she read two lines of blank verse, which I and all immediately verified@! Now, I state a fact which I cannot explain for I my@self had not seen the lines, so my own brain was not read neither could Mr. Vernon nor any one else have been concerned in the matter. I believe this sort of thing to be well-known to spiritualists, and they may, for aught I know, refer it to angelic or necromantic interposition whereas, what physicians@ tell us of hypochondria is, perhaps, a mysterious explanation nearer the mark. The same child, refreshed into an abnormal ecstasy, taking the hands of several of our party professed to read their thoughts, with admitted success in some in@stances. With me she failed, but then I was not ###################### Female believers are always much more susceptible than masculine sceptics. However, I certainly had proof of the child's marvellous power in@ this slight matter following. Two young ladies had successfully brought her in spirit, into their mother's drawing-room in Berkeley Square, the child graphically explaining all she saw as she was mentally led along, and@ on being asked if she noticed anything new and pretty on the mantel-piece, she got up and placed herself in an attitude of dancing, and she said there was a figure and it was clothed in lace. This was true it was a bisque statuette of Taglioni. On being led round the room, still in spirit and clairvoyante, the child strangely described wax-flowers under a glass, and laughed heartily at Taffy riding his goat, -a china ornament which she could have known nothing of. With respect to the lady who invited us, I can relate a strange story wherewith the Brighton doctors in 1848 were familiar. Mrs. P. had an invalid daughter subject to violent headaches, and as she had read of the remedial powers of mesmerism from Chauncey Townsend's book, privately resolved to try and cure her, and soon set her to sleep by the usual passes. However, when after twelve and even eighteen hours the girl could not be awakened, Mrs. P. and her husband a clergyman, who knew nothing of the cause were alarmed and summoned doctor after doctor, to wake her, if they could. But all was in vain, until some one turning to the peccant and magical volume found that by the simple process of reversing the passes the abnormal slu@mber might be made to cease. This was done at once, and all came more than right, for the girl woke up with@@out her usual headache, and was cured from that hour. At this time of day, after thirty years and more, society having become wiser, and bur medical men more physio@logically hygienic, we all now wot of mesmerism, and innumerable cases of cure through that mysterious form of catalepsy. For another small experience, I have several times been@ among a crowd of others at public exhibitions of those who speak off-hand in prose or verse, in@@spirationally as they call it, but as the outer world prefer to believe, improvisatorially, and certainly amid such gifted persons Mrs. Cora Tappan stands out prominently in my memory. At the Brighton Pavilion@@@@@ I gave her for a theme to be versified on the spot ex@tempore my own heraldic motto, L'espoir est ma force, and to my astonishment, in a burst of rhymed eloquence she rolled off at least a dozen four-line stanzas on Hope and its spiritual power. Some one else among the audience gave the subject of cremation, and forthwith the lady descanted with terrific force on funeral pyres and the horrors of Gehenna whilst a male performer affected to personate sundry well-known dead orators@ of past days for as the inspirers were supposed to be disembodied spirits no living orators were allowable , and he certainly imitated both voices and topics with singular success. But everybody has heard of this sort of thing, sufficiently remarkable as a mental effort and we have all similarly witnessed the more material marvels of Maskelyne and Cook, known to be mechanical contrivances which are still riddles to the world. Again, there are those who draw and paint in a@ con@dition of spiritual ecstasy and I remember visiting a public exhibition in Bond Street, exclusively of most curious and intricate pictures, asserted to have been inspired by dead artists, some being elaborate flourish@@@ings of scenes and figures, said to be thus depicted as @with lightning speed. As to living artists, there are in existence several excitable youths and damsels who write and draw very rapidly in an ecstatic state@ and I my@self possess a dreamy conglomerate of microscopic faces crowded together, and stated to have been drawn thus instantaneously to prove to us the cloud of witnesses, the innumerable company of angels, by whom we are continually surrounded. I pretermit with brief mention sundry inexplicable wonders, such as those wherewith the@ spiritualistic papers are frequently full, only stating that I was one of those who investigated the case of the Rev. Mr. Vaughan's pew-opener, at St. James's, Brighton, whose daughter was thought to be bewitched. Certainly, strange knockings accompanied her when she came in at my call, much like those I heard many years ago at Rochester, U.S. and her mother a pious and credible widow assured me, with tears of unfeigned anxiety, that the chairs and stools followed her about@!-a state@ment only half credible, when we reflect that there is an animal magnetism as well as a mineral one, and that we know nothing of the reasons of either. Our ignorance on such matters is so profound that we may fairly be credulous unless we obstinately refuse altogether our belief in human testimony but if we@ dare to do this, higher interests are endangered than spiritualistics. Our religion is mainly based upon credible evidence. There @is certainly much that is mysterious in the toy they call Planchette, a triangular thin slab of polished wood on a couple of small wheels, with a pencil at the apex. Hands laids upon this by two persons properly conditioned, will give apparent vitality and volition to the small machine, and make the pencil seem to write of itself in answer to expressed or meditated questions. At a wealthy mansion in South Kensington, for instance, I saw two charming young Italian ladies, sisters, cover@ing rapidly sheet after sheet with the abstrusest essays on occult subjects, given to them to write upon inspira@tionally and the chief wonder was as a learned friend by me well observed where the knowledge came from, so seemingly infused into two unscientific young girls. Afterwards the said learned friend tried Plan@chette with me, and we were considerably startled to find that when I asked of the so-called spirits, What think ye of Christ? the pencil under our uncon@sciously-guided hands made answer, With the utmost reverence! I need not assure mankind that neither my friend nor I both incredulous and unwilling witnesses lent ourselves or one another to any deception, and were mentally inclined, if at all, to the expectation that the spirits might rather blaspheme than bless. It is right to mention that, beyond the pair of young ladies and our two selves, only the host and hostess were in the room of whom I have this further wonder to report, viz., that the host, whom I must not specify by name without his leave, is afflicted with blindness, notwith@standing which and his alleged incompetence towards poetry as an old naval officer, his wife showed me several copybooks full of blank verse written by him in a hand unlike his own, and supposed by them to be inspired by Young, as a continuation of his Night Thoughts. The captain and his lady also told us how frequently flowers and sweetmeats ! were showered on them from the ceiling at their domestic dual _séances_ and on another occasion a lady showed my wife and me a paper of seed pearls, alleged to have been flung into her lap from the heavens-through the ceiling-by her departed lord and master@! Similarly, a lady well known in the professedly spiritualistic circles, deposited round her chair, in the dark, at Mr. S.@C. Hall's, a profusion of bouquets-probably from Covent Garden -and that, notwithstanding the hostess had herself searched the lady before the _séance_, as it was known that Mrs. G@'s special gift from the spirits@ was the multitudinous creation of flowers@! Really, there must be a stand somewhere made to credulity but, at all events, the venerable host and hostess believed this, on what seemed to them reasonable evidence, and quite forgave me for not believing it too. And this brings me, naturally enough, to give a de@@tailed account of the two best and last _séances_ I ever took the trouble to attend for I have, during many years, entirely avoided such exhibitions, as generally childish, mentally unwholesome, and to some people dangerously seductive. I had several times asked my worthy friends last alluded to, to give me and a friend of mine, a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, the privilege of assisting at a _séance_ under their experienced guid@ance and accordingly we were invited to meet Mr. Home, the high priest of spiritualism, a quiet, well-mannered gentlemanly person enough, known to our host from his birth. The other guests were a countess, the widow of a colonel, and a distinguished physician in all we numbered eight. My friend and I were re@@quested privately, by@ our host, to conceal our probable incredulity if we desired the favour of the spirits in the way of manifestations and@ as these were what we came for, besides our own polite desire to do at Rome as the Romans do, we readily assented to the reasonable request. After the usual greetings and small talk of the day, and tea and coffee and so forth, we all took seats round the drawing-room circular table, a very weighty one, as I proved afterwards, on a gigantic cen@tral pillar, and covered with a heavy piece of velvet tapestry and before commencing the special business we came for, I was pleased to hear our host propose that we should all kneel round the table and offer up prayer this he did, simply and@ beautifully, in some words, ex@temporary, closing with a Church collect and the Lord's Prayer. On my expressed approval of this course, when we rose, Mr. Home said it was always his custom, as a precautionary measure against the self-intrusion of evil spirits admittedly a wisdom, even if it seemed some@what unwise and perilous to be more or less courting the company of such unpleasant guests, if a _séance_ as experienced afterwards did not happen to be made safe by exorcism. And now the gaslights bracketed round@ the room were put as low as possible, making a dim, religious semi-darkness however, as there was a bright fire in the grate, and some small scintillae of gas, and one's eyesight soon gets accustomed to any diminution of light, we could soon see nearly as well as usual. This gloaming is a common condition in _séances_, and for aught any one knows may be an electrical _sine quâ non_ as needed for animal magnetism albeit some paid profes@sionals may possibly find darkness a very useful veil for cheatery. While we were chatting round the table,-and Mr. Home enjoined this as better than the silent sobriety I looked for-suddenly the table shuddered, and a cold wind swept over our hands laid upon it. They are coming now, said Mr. Home, which every@body seemed glad@ of, though that cold wind felt to me not a little uncanny, but I said nothing in disparage@ment, for fear of stopping a manifestation. Soon loud knocks were heard, apparently from the middle of the table, and on sundry spirits being alleged to be present, Mr. Home proceeded to question them through the ordinary clumsy fashion, of the alphabet, and some unimportant answers @were elicited, which I fail to remember and in common honesty must not invent. We were soon to see stranger things and I suppose the _séance_ was exceptionally successful, as I afterwards noticed some of it in print. For while we were looking and expecting, suddenly the table began to tilt this way and that, and then as if by an effort the ponderous mass, with all our hands still upon the velvet pall, positively mounted slowly into the air, insomuch that we were obliged to rise from our chairs and stand to reach the surface. I could see it at least two feet from the car@pet, and Mr. Home invited me to take especial notice that none of the company could possibly be lifting the table indeed, the strength of all of us combined would have been barely enough for such a heavy task. Of course, every one else but myself and friend supposed that the spirits had kindly done this miracle to please us but I unfortunately said Oh@@! Mrs. Hall@! it will crush your chandelier! one of Venice glass, very pre@cious -at which unbelieving remark, probably, the spirits took umbrage, for at once the table ceased ascending, and with a slow oscillation descended very gently on to the carpet. This sort of petty miracle is a frequent experience among the spiritualists, and how it is effected I cannot imagine. There could be no con@trivance or machinery in our host's drawing-room, as must be the case imitatively at the Egyptian Hall none of the company@ could be conspiring to deceive, and more than all, that huge, heavy table rising up against the law of gravitation was enough to chase away all incredulity. One fact is stronger than fifty theories and one reliable success overweighs a thousand failures. I testify to that which I have seen. But more, and more wondrous, was to follow. All at once Mr. Home flung himself back in his chair, looking wild and white@@ and then rising slowly and solemnly, went to the still bright fire, into whi@ch he thrust his unprotected hands, and taking out a double handful of live coals, placed them-as a fire offering-upon Mr. Hall's snow-white head, combing the hair over them with his fingers, all which our host appeared to receive more than patiently-religiously. Thereafter Mr. Home placed them in the Countess's blonde-lace cap, and carried them, as a favour vouchsafed by the spirits, to each of us, to hold in our hands. When he came to me, Mr. Hall said My friend, have faith. Yes, I answered, and courage, too whereupon I was blest with a good handful of those wonderful coals, still hot enough to burn any skin but, somehow or other, I felt no pain and had no mark. Here was another law of nature put to shame, in the miraculous fact that fire was seemingly deprived of the power of burning. How this could be, I cannot guess but I record manfully the fact as witnessed. After this, an accordion held under the table by Mr. Home with one hand, the other being upon the table, positively @played a tune of itself- Ye banks and braes o' bonnie Doon -requested by Dr. Chambers, that being the tune his dead child loved so. I was requested to look under the table to see the spirit-hand operating near the carpet but I saw nothing except the vitalised accordion expanding and co@ntracting of itself, being held tightly at the upper handle by Mr. Home. Some of the company, however, claimed to see and to shake hands with the child, and Mr. Home requested me to ask for a similar favour by placing my hand open under the table this, accordingly, I ventured to do, with the result of feeling my thumb sensibly touched and thrilled, which I was told was a good sign of favour from the spirits-albeit in my own mind I remembered what our omniscient Shakespeare sings at the mouth of one of the Macbeth witches, By the pricking of my thumbs Something wicked this way comes -and failed to feel quite comfortable. Soon, however, Mr. Home said The accordion is leaving my hand and I saw the mysterious thing crawling on the floor like a lame dog till it got into a corner. Of course, I suspected a secret string but all at once it moved out and came back, moaning AEolianly as it went,@ and stood up beside the chair of Mrs. Colonel N.@S., who patted it lovingly thence passing behind me it went and stood beside the Countess, who also caressed it and then Mr. Home said Now ask the spirit to come to you whereto I acceded, and the accordion crept near me, as if unwillingly, and stood up but when I touched it the thing shrank from my unsympathetic hand, and fell down flop. After this, I noticed that my naval friend was staring with all his eyes at something over our military widow's head, and that his hair it is red, which colour is very spiritualistic stood on end as with fear. What's the matter, P.@? I asked. Don't you see it? responded he. What? @@@The grey figure behind Mrs. N.@S., bearded like an Egyptian Sphinx. That's the Colonel! exclaimed Mr. Hall, and the widow bowed religiously, with a Dear@! is it you@? On this, as my friend was terribly frightened, we soon took leave and when@ we went home, I found that he was so@ pursued by spirits rapping all about him, that he actually vacated his own room and slept in mine, for protection @@against the invisible, on two chairs till morning brok@@e when he feared the spirits no longer. I may mention that this insight into an immaterial@ world he having been inclined before to pyrrhonism quite altered his career, and that soon after he took holy orders. In this connection I may state, that according to a printed account I have seen, both Mr. and Mrs.@ Hall were con@verted from avowed materialism by spirit manifesta@tion, and that when the question of ######## is raised, his experience and that of divers others the aforesaid Dr. Chambers in particular will avouch for the practical usefulness of these inexplicable marvels. But I must have done, with only one other reminis@cence soon after that at Ashley Place. This time the venue is Fitzroy Square, and the company to omit needless detail was a polyglot one, consisting chiefly of a German merchant, a Hebrew financier, a French governess, my naval friend aforesaid, who was quick at Latin, and I, who more or less remembered my Greek. Of course English was represented in the two only other guests and it will be seen how strangely philology enters into this my next and concluding anecdote. After plenty of other rappings and noises I noticed by the way that all the metal things in the room, as castors and cruets-it was a dining-room-and wine coolers and bronze chandelier, were clicked and clanged , and after the usual stupid alphabet questions and answers had been exhibited after also the @heavy mahogany table on five substantial pillars had been miraculously moved about the room and tilted, as we failed to effect at the _finale_ when we tried all at once a thundering knock quite shook the table and startled us, on which Dr. Connell, our unprofessional medium for the nonce, as he had seen more of spiritualistics than we had, called for the alphabetical test to ascertain who it could be that knocked so furiously, for the blows were often repeated. So then, by the slow method of letter by letter, he made out the name Jamblic, and then gave it up in despair, as he said it was a mischievous imp that was sporting with us but the knocks still con@tinued, and some one suggested that perhaps this strange name was foreign, and that his own language would please the incensed spirit better than English. Accord@ingly, he was addressed by the assembled circle severally in French, Ger@man, Hebrew, and Latin, all in vain when I bethought me of Greek and the Pythagoreans and spoke out ########### Art thou Iamblicus? -on which, as if with joy at having been discovered, there was a rush of noises and knocks all round the room my perfervid imagination fancied the flapping of wings , and immediately after there ensued a dead silence@! So we soon broke up and went home. Open@ing my classical dictionary at Iamblicus, I read what I certainly had not seen or thought of for more than thirty years, that he was an author on the mysteries of the Egyptians, and was bracketed with Porphyry as a professor of the black art. Was then this un@@pleasant visitor to Fitzroy Square no other than that magician redivivus@? An awkward possibility@. And now to bring these scattered reminiscences to a practical conclusion. What can I, what can my readers decide, on a rational consideration of the whole matter? It is, no doubt, very baffling to judge how rightly to think about it. I have stated a few facts that have come@ under my own personal knowledge but there are thousands of others similar and even more extraordinary, which numerous persons quite as credible as I am can@ vouch for in like manner to be true facts while remain@ing unexplained miracles. For myself, I must suspend judgment waiting to see what in these wonderful times@-some further development of electricity, for example, may haply produce for us. After recent marvels of the telephone, microphone, photophone, and I know not what others, why should not some Edison or Lane Fox stumble upon a form of psychic force emanating from our personal nervous organisation, and capable of operat@ing physically on@ all things round us, the immaterial conquering the material it pervades@?@@ Some such vague theory as to spiritualistic manifestations may be a far more rational as well as pleasing explanation of these modern marvels than to suppose that our dead friends come at any medium's summons to move tables, talk bad grammar, and play accordions or that angels, good and evil, are allowed to be employed in mystifying or terrifying the frivolous assisters at a _séance_. Beyond and after this, I might add, but for its too great length, the indisputable testimony of certain friends of mine as to inexplicable writings on locked slates and paper, the revelation of secrets, nay visible apparitions, and both records of the secret @past and revelations of the still more secret future afterwards fulfilled,-to all which I cannot, as an honest man and a believer in human evidence, refuse to give a distinct testimony, even though conjurors perpetually baffle our confused judgment. In this connection I will extract from one of my Archive-books the curious story of a mysterious key in which my family are still interested for the secret is not yet solved. In the fourteenth volume, then, of my Archives occurs this long note, accompanied by the drawing which I made years ago of the weird-looking key with a loose ring handle, a threefold staircase body, and a strangely ringed column. My father died in his sleep, December 8, 1844, at Southwick House, in Windsor Park, on the same night after its owner, Lord Limerick, had also died there in his arms, my father having been his medical friend for thirty years. My father used to carry in his pocket a strange key, whereof the figure was very unusual, as it folded up, and though large he carried it in his pocket habitually and he used to say in his quietly humorous and reserved manner, 'under th@at key lies a fortune ' my mother and I and others remember this well. When I came to be executor, there was nearly nothing to guide me as to the amount of my father's property,-and I certainly did not succeed in realising all that he was supposed to have acquired. It was wonderful that with his large income he left so little.@ So, we all thought that some hoard locked by this key contained the missing treasure my father's habitual taciturnity, and secretiveness favouring this idea. But, nowhere could the lock to fit it be found nowhere either at banks or lawyers or anywhere about our old house in Burlington Street or at Albury, ap@peared the chest or cupboard containing the fancied accumulations and to this hour, June 12, 1873, nearly thirty years after my father's sudden death, has the mystery not been cleared up. Once, on an occasion of a spiritualistic _séance_ at Mr. Carter Hall's, I handed the said key @to Mr. Home when entranced, and he shuddered at it, and uttered the name 'Elizabeth Henderson,'-which I thought at the time a bad guess, as one utterly unknown to me but oddly enough it@@@ proved to be the name of the Queen's housekeeper at Windsor. However, on inquiry nothing further came of this, for she was not in office when my father died at the Park. To-day I have taken the key to a Miss Hudson, a clairvoyante, who never saw me before, nor was told my name, nor my errand, except that I laid that key silently before her. She can tell me very little, except that the mystery is soon to be cleared up, and that certain spirits from description possibly my mother and brother William much wish it. I gave no sort of clues, but the medium guessed at my father's character, and at the long lapse of time since the loss of the chest, and at the hiding of it in some 'bank,'-whether underground or at a banker's did not appear. The medium's 'attendant spirit'-one 'Daisy, an Indian papoose'-@says it is 'in a dark place, like a vault, and @mouldy.' I am urged to inquire further. Miss Hudson, a common-looking but respectable woman of about thirty,-living in a lodging near Bloomsbury Square,-utterly ignorant who I was and all about me,@-said in her spirit voice that I was a writer of books, and did great good, and was inspired by two spirits, one of the fair and lively sort all in white, and the other an old philosopher-a strange guess at my mixed medley of writings. Miss Hudson promised me that I should soon know the secret of the key, because the spirits wished it, and because there was a blue magnetic circle round the key. _P.S._-It is only proper to state that up to this pr@esent writing, January 13, 1886, I have heard nothing at all from the spirits aforesaid, and that the family key is as mysterious as ever. My own reasonable explanat@ion of the medium's half true guesses is that she might have read my own dim thoughts about the matter naturally I would think of my dead mother and brother and myself and thought-reading is a form of animal magnetism which some people possess more than others. Of late, as we all know, Mr. Cumberland and others have exhibited their mysterious powers of perceiving and expounding the secret thoughts of those who chose to be thus mentally vivisected and I myself have this small experience to record. Asked in a drawing-room to @think of something, the hostess answered my thought by I don't know what it means, but there's a great@@@ deal of green with a white star going round and round in it. Quite true, was my reply, I was thinking of Ewhurst windmill. In my anonymous prophetic ode, Things to Come Bosworth, 1852, long out of print , at its eleventh section, thought-reading and other like metaphysicals are strangely anticipated, ending with- Into some other wicked man's mind His foolish brother is peeping to find, Caught in foul excitement's snare, The Lying Future #################### Schiller wrote his famous song about a poet's heritage ay, and long before that, as it will be long years hence , authorship @has been noted for anything rather than wealth albeit, nowadays, we have had such fortunate scribes as Dickens and Thackeray and Trollope, who severally have left piles of well-earned money behind them though they all had encountered previous mischances before. Accordingly, in this true record of my life, I must not omit its reverses, for, though born with a silver spoon in my mouth perhaps a bismuth one, such as in my chemical days I melted in hot@ tea , and always having had plentiful surroundings, there has been often much also of financial embarrassment, though not always nor usually from the author's fault. I am not going to accuse others any more than myself, only hinting that it has been costly to be a sleeping-partner, especially when the chief fails that it is discouraging to economic thrift when the investments wherein you place your savings co@me to an untimely end that in particular the Albert Life Insurance was a notorious swindle, wherein more than twenty years' of banked-up prudent earnings, besides the original policy, vanished in an hour that my early efforts to win ################################################## from impediment of speech and that some of those on whom I depended, as well as others dependent on me, met with misfortunes, deserved or undeserved. Anyhow, I have just now no reason to complain of bursting barns or inflated money-bags. Everybody knows so I need not blink it that some time ago a few friends kindly got up a so-called testimonial for my benefit but that sort of thing had been over@done in other instances and it is small wonder that although certainly not quite such a fiasco as with Ginx's Baby the trouble and care and humiliation are scarcely compensated @where the costs and defaults are considerable however, I desire heartily to thank its promoters and contributors, one and all even those who promised but never paid. With reference to other efforts, my two Transatlantic visits, and divers reading tours at home, show that self-help never was neglected, as, indeed, former pages will have proved. Accordingly, as Providence helps those who help themselves, or at all events endeavour to do so, I still lean on the heraldic motto, given to @General Volkmar von Tophere by @Henri Quatre, @L'es@poir est ma force. I will here add two American anecdotes whereby it might seem that heretofore I have unwittingly jilted Fortune when she would have blest me with her favour. I had just landed in New York after a stormy fort@night in the _Asia_ it was A.D. 1851 and taken up my quarters at the Astor House, to rest before friends found me out. But my arrival had been published, and before, in private, I had taken my first refreshment, the host, a colonel of course, came and asked if I would allow a few of my admirers to greet me. Doubtless, @@@natural vanity was willing, and through my room, having doors right and left, forthwith came a stream of well-wishers all shaking hands and saying kind words for an hour and more at last they departed, all but one, who had come first and boldly had taken a chair beside me when the crowd were gone, he bluntly or let it be frankly said, I'm one of the richest men@ in New York, sir, and I know authors must be poor I like your books, and have told my bankers naming them to honour any cheques on me you may like to draw. My dear sir, I replied, you are most considerate, and all I can say is, if I have the misfortune to lose this packet it was a roll of Herries's circular notes I shall gladly accept your offer but just nowI have more than I want-£300. @Well then, sir, come and stay at my house, Fifth Avenue. This is very kind, but several friends here have specially invited me, so I am com@pelled to decline. Then, sir, @my yacht in the harbour is at your service. Pardon me, but I would rather forget all memories of the sea at present,-with due thanks. Then, sir, my carriage has been waiting at the hotel all this time, let me have the honour of taking you to see Mrs. So-and-so, who is anxious to @meet you. Of course I could not refuse this, nor the occasional loan @of his handsome turn-out whenever other friends let me go. Who knows how nearly I then missed smiles from the blind goddess, by @my sturdy refusal of her favours, for I heard afterwards that the wealthy Mr.-was childless@! Again, at Balti@more, a@fter @my Historical dinner see a former page , co@mes up to @me a very shabby-looking man, as I thought to beg. He sidled up and whispered that he wanted me to go home with him. I'm afraid I rather snubbed@@ him but was sorry for it afterwards, when told that he was the rich old miser So-and-so, who had never taken a fancy to any one before. What a dolt I must have been to snub away the possible codicil of a millionaire@! On page 3 of this book I proposed no mention of private domesticities or of personal religious experiences@-the one being of interest merely to my family, the other a matter between God and the soul. However, the recent sudden death of one for fifty years my faithful friend and companion in marriage, urges me to record here simply her many excellent qualities, which must not be passed by without a regretful word as if I were a Stoic, or as if my dear good wife of half a century could be silently forgotten by her bereaved husband and chil@dren. I began this biography when she was in her usual health and spirits, but soon after its commencement a fit of apoplexy took her unconsciously from our happy circle,-and we are made to feel by this affliction, as also by another over leaf, how truly in the midst of life we are in death. Her body awaits the Resurrection in Albury Churchyard, and her spirit lives with us in affectionate ############### BEAUVOIR CHANCERY SUIT AND BELGRAVIA. My lamented son, Henry de Beauvoir, active and athletic, was killed in South Africa by the most un@likely accident of being jolted off the front seat in a rutty road and crushed to death under the wheel of an ox-waggon creeping at two miles an hour@! This sad event occurred on May 31, 1871 and the news@papers at the time, both British and South African, fully recorded not only the accident but the heroism of the brave youth, the kind but unavailing assiduities of friends, and the municipal honours accorded to him at his funeral, when the mayor and council, the volun@teers and chief inhabitants of King William's Town every window shuttered followed him to the grave, where Archdeacon Kitton read the solemn service and some months after, a marble headstone was placed over his remains. His two@ brothers have written some touching stanzas to his memory but they are private. I mention all this sadness now by way of publicly acknowledging the kindness of Archdeacon Kitton and, other friends at King William's Town, not forgetting a most friendly officer of the American navy, from whom we have received many excellent letters and presents from all round the world, ever since he was among the first to break to us the death of my son, now fifteen years ago I desire, then,@ cordially to thank T.@G. for ############################## as also Mr. Robertson, of Brechin, N.B., whose son was Henry's African comrade, with him at the time of the catastrophe, and following him to the grave. Henry having been for good ancestral reasons chris@tened de Beauvoir, reminds me of a memorable matter of our family history which, as it is on record, I will@ here relate. In the days of King James I. to quote with pedantic omissions from a pedigree , one Peter de Beau@voir, descended from a younger branch of the ducal house of Rutland, had an eldest son, James, whose daughter Rachel married Pierre Martin my spiritual sponsor after Martin Luther , and her daughter married a Carey of Guernsey, whose descendant married my grandfather. Peter's second son, Richard, married a Priaulx, also related to us, and her daughter married a Benyon, in Charles II.'s time, whose descendant is now the mil@lionaire, Sir Richard Benyon de Beauvoir of Reading, c. c. Now, this is the strange fact which has always puzzled me as well as others. The old De Beauvoir was a very thrifty miser, and died two hundred years ago possessed of great wealth, which has increased enor@mously up to our day, seeing he had landed property in the north of London,@ now including De Beauvoir @Town. In the second generation, his grand-daughters Rachel Martin of the elder branch and Marie Priaulx of the younger, contended at law for the inheritance after some intestacy and a terrible lawsuit raged in Chancery for 150 years, between the Tuppers and the Benyons,-and was carried even to the House of Lords, being finally decided in my memory for the Benyons. I remember my uncle saying he would not take thirty thousand pounds for his individual chance@,-but my less sanguine father cared not to join in the lawsuit,-saying he would not throw good money after bad. For my own judgment, and I can speak as an old conveyancing barrister though without business or experience of nearly fifty years' standing, our side as the elder had the best right, though the two sisters might well and wisely have shared in a compromise. But somehow it came to be decided that the younger claimant of that vast property must have _all_,-and the elder be strangely left out in the cold. After the conclusion of the Lords, further litigation was hopeless so those whom I now represent as almost the last of the Abruzzi must acquiesce in getting nothing, while the opponent side has the good luck to possess, as Dr. Johnson has it, wealth beyond the dreams of avarice. Such is life,-and law the most obstinate and the richest win the less pertina@cious and the poorer are allowed to fail it is a process of Darwin's survival of the fittest. All this is now too late to mend but I do hope that if ever I go to Engelfield Castle, Sir Richard will be kindly and genial to his far-off cousin, who but for some legal quibble unknown might have dispossessed him. My father numbered among his patients the Duke of Rutland, and I have heard him say that they half-humorously called each other cousins. A ######################## In this connection of possible good luck @that never happened, let me record this. Another of my father's patients was the long deceased Earl Grosvenor, grandfather of the present Duke of @Westminster and about him I have a tale to tell, which shows how nearly we might have been possessed of@ another vast property-but we missed it. One day in my boyhood, I remember my father coming home after his round and telling my mother that he had a great mind to buy the five fields of Lord Grosvenor's, because he thought London might extend that way. Those five fields are now covered with the palatial streets of Belgravia,-but were then a dismal marshy flat intersected by black ditches, and notorious for high@way robbery, as a district dimly lit with an oil lamp here and there, and protected by nothing but the useless old watchman in his box it is the tract of land between Grosvenor Place and Sloane Street. His lordship had a reputation for parsimony, and he fancied it a bargain if he could sell to my father those squalid fields for £2000,-so he offered them to him at that price. When my mother heard of this, she was dead against so extravagant an outlay for that desolate region so much dreaded by her whenever her aunt's black horses in the old family coach ploughed their way through the slush MacAdam had not then arisen to give us granite roads to call on an ancient relative, Mr. Hall, who possessed a priceless cupboard of old Chelsea china, and lived near the hospital. A tradition existed that the said family waggon had once been stopped thereabouts by some vizored knight of the road, and this memory confirmed my mother's disapproval of the purchase. So my father was dissuaded, and declined the Earl's offer. I don't suppose that if he had accepted it the property would long have been his, but must have changed hands directly he had doubled his investment otherwise, imagine what a bargain was there@!-However, nobody can foresee anything beyond an inch or a minute, and so this other chance of wealth beyond the dreams of avarice long ago faded away. CH@APTER XLVII. ################# which I gave at the Royal Aquarium on September 28, 188@3, on the Art of Human Flight, at@tracted at the time a good deal of newspaper notice my friend Colonel Fred. Burnaby being in the chair, supported by several other aeronautical notables. From a rough copy by me I have thought fit to preserve the exordium here, just as spoken. 'Tis sixty years since, -as the title-page to Waver@ley has it,-'tis sixty years since a little Charterhouse schoolboy of thirteen called on one Saturday afternoon his half-holiday at@ a shabby office up a court in Fleet Street, with a few saved-up @shillings of pocket-money in his hand. His object was secretly to bribe a balloon agent to give him a seat in the basket on the next flight from Vauxhall ho@wever as, either from pruden@tial humanity or commercial greed, the clerk stated that five pounds was the fixed price for a place, and as the aforesaid little gentleman could only produce ten shil@lings, the negotiation came to nothing,-and I, who had coveted fro@m my cradle the privilege that a bird enjoys from his nest, was fortunately refused that juvenile voyage in the clouds whereof when I told my ex@cellent mother, her tearful@ joy that I had _not_ made the perilous ascent affectionately consoled my disappoint@ment. So it is that, as often happens throughout life, and I am a living proof of it, our Failures prove to be the best Successes for certainly@ if my boyish whim had been granted, and I had thereafter taken habitually to such aeronautical flights, at once perilous and unsettling, that young Carthusian would scarcely have stood before you this day as an ancient Proverbial Philosopher. However, let that pass I only acted-as oftentimes I since have longed to act-on the desire we all feel to have the wings of a dove, and fly away and be at rest, -floating afar from the dross and dust of earth into the blue expanse of the heavenly ether -a thing yet to be accomplished!-or I will confess to be no pro@phet in these days of electricity, concentrated and accumulative after the fashion of M. Faure, aided per@haps by some lighter gas, some condensed form of tamed dynamite,-these elevating and motive powers being helped by exquisite mechanism either as attached to the human form if the flier be an athlete or quickening a vehicle with flapping wings impelled by electricity, in which he @might sit if said flier is as burdened with too solid flesh as some of us -these mixed potencies, I say, of electricity and gas, ought at this time of the day to be so manipulated by our chemists and mechanicians as to@ issue-very soon too-in the grand invention than would supersede every other sort of locomotion,-human flight. I once met at Baltimore, and since elsewhere, a clever young@ American mathematician and engineer, Henry Middleton by name, who showed me, at his father's place in South Carolina, parts of a model energised@@ by the motive-powers of gas and electricity, which he hoped would successfully solve the problem of flying but the Patent Office at Washington was burnt down soon after, and in it I fear was his machine. At all events I have heard nothing of his project since. I may mention, too, that I believe I have among my audience this evening Mr. De Lisle Hay, the author not only of that recent very graphic book Brighter Britain, but also of another, more cognate to our present topic, entitled Three Hundred Years Hence, now out of print, though published only three years ago. In this latter work he has a chapter on Our Conquest of the Air, and imagines a lighter gas called by him lucegene, as also a bird-like human flight very much as I had con@ceived it forty-one years ago. He tells me also that the best vehicle for flying might be an imitation of the side@long action of a flat fish in water but how far he has worked upon this idea I know not.@ Possibly, if in the room, he may tell us after I release you. It is most worthy of notice, that in the almost solitary Biblical instance of winged angels see Isaiah vi. 2, and a corresponding passage in Ezekiel-all other angelic ministers being represented as etherealised men these are somewhat like birds in outline, though having more wings,-with twain covering the head so as to@ cleave the air, with twain to cover the feet so as to be a sort of tail or rudder, while with twain they did fly even as Blake, and Raffaelle, and some other painters have depicted them. I mentioned this once to Professor Owen, our great natural philosopher, in a talk I had with him on human flight, and he thought such seraphim very remarkable in the light of analogous comparative anatomy. Ovid also in a passage before me advocates our imita@tion of birds if we would fly bodily in his De Icari Casu, he says with omissions - Naturamque novat nam ponit in ordine pennas A mini@@mâ coeptas, longam breviore sequenti ... Sic imitentur aves geminas libravit in alas Ipse suum corpus, motâque pependit in aurâ. Which, being interpreted, means this,- Nature he reproduces, ranging fine From least to longest feathery plumes aline, Thus imitating birds, that on the air With balanced wings are poised in lightness there. Whilst our noble Laureate in Locksley Hall goes in for aerial machines, Argosies of magic sails, and @airy navies grappling in the central blue. As to that essay of mine published in the first number of Ainsworth's Magazine, August 1842, long before the Patent Aerial Company started their projects, and very much noticed at the time,-Mr. Claude Hamilton in@@grafted it in his work on Flying @the Duke of Argyll in a note before me commends this principle of copying nature as the true one a Signor Ignazio of Milan in 1877 adopted almost exactly my Flyi@ng Man,-which was for the lecture enlarged from Cruikshank's etching of my own sketch an aerial flapping machine, a sort of flying wheelbarrow, was some twenty years ago exhibited at Kensington whilst in the _Daily Telegraph_ for July 10, 1874, you will find recorded the untimely death of one M. de Groof, the Flying Man, who unhappily perished at Cremorne after a successful flight of 5000 feet. All these are on record. ########################################### iv. p. 375 ############ All of us have within us the wandering Crusoe spirit We come of Norse sea-rovers, and adventurers full of hope And man was bade to tame his earth, to rule it and subdue it,-Whereby our feet-soles tingle at an untrod Alpine peak-But shall we not fly anon with wings, to shame these creep@ing paces, Even as steam hath worked all speed on land and sea before@? Is not this firmament of air part of the human heritage, Which man must conquer duteously, as first his Maker willed@? There needeth@ but a lighter gas, well-tutored to our skill, The springing spirit to some shape of delicate steel and silk,-A bird-like frame of Daedalus, and gummed Icarian plumes, Ancient inventions, long forgotten, to be found anew@! When shall the chemist mix aright this rarer lifting essence To make the lord of earth but equal to his many sparrows@? When will discovery help us to such conquest of the air, And teach us swifter travel than our creeps by land and water? And finally from my Three Hundred Sonnets hear Sonnet No. ############# me from this tall cliff,-my wings are strong, The hurricane is raging fierce and high, My spirit pants, and all in heat I long @@To fly right upward to a purer sky, And spurn the clouds beneath me rolling by Lo thus, into the buoyant air I leap Confident and exulting, at a bound Swifter than whirlwinds happily to sweep On fiery wing the reeling world around Off with my fetters!-who shall hold me back@? My path lies there,-the lightning's sudden track O'er the blue concave of the fathomless deep,-O that I thus could conquer space and time, Soaring above this world in strength sublime@! CHAPTER XLVIII. LUTHER. I gave a second lecture, one on Luther, at the same place, and on the like solicitation of Mr. Le Fevre, President of the Balloon Society the date being November 9, 1883. Of this lecture, not to be tedious, I will here give only the peroration. And now, in conclusion, let us answer these reason@able questions What has Martin Luther done and suffered that we at this distant interval of four centuries should reverence his memory with gratitude and ad@miration@? What was the lifework he was raised up to do, and how did he do it@? and what influence have his labours of old on the times in which we live?-We must remember that in the sixteenth century priest@craft had culminated to its rankest height of fraud, cruelty, vice, and superstition the lay-folk everywhere were its serfs and victims, not to mention also numbers of the worthier clerics who hated but could, not break their bonds. Luther was the solitary champion to head and lead both the remonstrant layman and the better sort of monk up to the then well-nigh forlorn hope of combating Antichrist in his stronghold Luther broke those chains for ever off the necks of groaning nations,@@-freeing to this day from that bitter bondage not alone Germany, Sweden, France, and England, but the very ends of the earth from America to China with@out the energies of Luther nearly four hundred years ago, and the living spirit of Luther working in us now, we should be still in our own persons adding to the Book of Martyrs in the flames of the Inquisition, still immersed in blankest ignorance, with the Bible every@where forbidden, and scientific research condemned, still cringing slaves at the feet of confessors who fraudu@lently sell absolution for money, still both spiritually and politically the mean vassals of an Italian priest instead of brave freemen under our English Queen. Luther relit the well-nigh, extinguished lamp of true religion, and it shines for him all the more gloriously to this hour Luther refreshed the gospel salt that had through corruption lost its savour, until now it is more antiseptic than ever as the cure of evil, more purifying than ever as the quickener of good Luther, under God's good grace and providence, has rescued the con@@science and reason of our whole race from the thrald@om of self-elected spiritual despots, who worked upon the superstitious fears of men as to another-world in order to strengthen their own power in this Luther, for the result of his great labours, is more to us now than ever was the fabulous Hercules of old,-for he has cleansed the real Augaean stable,-more than any mythical William Tell,-for he has ensured the boon of ever@lasting liberty, more to us than a whole army of so-called heroes in conquest, patriotism, or even local philanthropy,-for the enemies he fought and van@quished were our spiritual foes,-the country he opened to us is the heavenly one,-the good-doing, he inaugurated is wide as the world, and shines an electric universal threefold light of faith, hope, and ################## request, ##################################################### E. Bullinger set this to excellent music and it was translated for Continenta@l use into German, French, Swedish, and Hungarian in the same metre. As quite a cognate subject here shall be added my ballad on Wycliffe, also written by ################################################## on the scroll of Fame, Solitary monk,-that shook@ All the world by God's own book@ Antichrist's Davidian foe, Strong to lay Goliath low, Thee, in thy four-hundredth year, Gladly we remember here. How, without thy forceful mind, Now had fared all human kind,-Curst and scorch'd and chain'd by Rome, In each heart of hearth and home@? But for thee, and thy grand hour, German light, and British power, With Columbia's faith and hope, All were crush'd beneath the Pope@! God be thank'd for this bright morn,@ When Eisleben's babe was born@! For the pious peasant's son, Liberty's great fight hath won,-When at Wittenberg he stood All alone for God and good, And his Bible flew unfurl'd, Flag of freedom to the ##################################################### a@nd-Harbinger of Luther's light, Now four hundred years aglow,-Priest of Lutterworth we see All of Luther-worth in thee@! Lo, the wondrous parallel,-Both gave Bibles to their land While, the rage of Rome to quell, Princes stood on either hand, John of Gaunt, and Saxon John, Cheered each bold confessor on. Both are rescuers of souls, Cleansing those Augaean styes-Superstition's hiding holes, Nunneries and monkeries Both gave liberty to men, Bearding lions in their den@! @Wycliffe, Luther! glorious pair, Great Twin Brethren of mankind Conscience was your guide and care, Purifying heart and mind@ Both before your judges stood, 'Here I stand@, for God and good.' Each had liv'd a martyr's life, Still protesting for the faith Yet amid that fiery strife, Each escap'd the martyr's death Rescued from the fangs of Rome, Both died peacefullyat home. CHAPTER XLIX. FINAL. A few last words as to sundry life-experiences. @Whether we notice it@ or not, we are guided and guarded and led on through many changes and chances to the gates of death in a@ marvellously predestined manner if we pray about everything, we shall see and know that, as Pope says, In spite of wrong, in erring reason's spite, One truth is clear, whatever is, is right and the trustful assurance that the highest wisdom and mercy and power orders all things will give us comfort under whatever circumstances. I believe in prayer as the universal panacea, philosophically as well as de@voutly and that walking with God is our highest wisdom as well as our deepest comfort. Let no man think that a sick-bed is the best place to repent in. @@When the brain is clouded by bodily @ailment there is neither capacity nor even will to mend matters a man is at the best then tired, lazy, and dull, but if there is pain too all is worse. Listen to one of my old sonnets, and take its good advice - ####### si@nner, till the hour of pain To seek repentan@ce pain is absolute, @@@Exacting all the body, all the brain, Humanity's stern king from head to foot How canst thou pray, while fever'd arrows shoot Through this torn targe,-while every bone doth ache, And the soared mind raves up and down her cell Restless, and begging rest for mercy's sak@e? Add not to death the bitter fear of hell Take pity on thy future self, poor man, While yet in strength thy timely wisdom can Wrestle to-day with sin and spare that strife Of meeting all its terrors in the van Just at the ebbing agony of life. I have great faith in first impressions of intuitive liking or disliking. Second thoughts are by no means best always nor even often. Charity sometimes tries to induce, one to think better of such a person or such a situation than a first feeling shrinks from,-but it won't do for long the man or the place will continue to be distasteful. My spirit apprehends instinctively the right and the true and through life I have relied on intui@tions which some have called a rashness, recommending colder cautions but these latter have seldom paid their way. A country parson was right in his diagnosis of Iscariot's character as that of a low mean fellow and he judged reasonably that all the patient kindliness of One who strove to make such His own familiar friend was so much charity almost thrown away, except indeed as to spiritual improvement of the charitable. It is right that in a book of self-revelations, like this genuine autobiography, some special recognition should be made before its close of gratitude to the Great Giver of all good, and of the spiritual longings of His penitent. These feelings I prefer to show after the author's poetic custom in verse. Let the first be a trilogy of unpub@lished sonnets lately written on ############### I. We-all and ea@ch-have faculties@ and powers Here undeveloped, lying deep within, Crush'd by the weight of circumstance and sin Latent, as germs conceal their hidden flowers, Till some new clime, with genial suns and showers Give them the force consum@mate life to win Even so we, poor prisoners of Time, Victims of others' evil and our own, Cannot expand in this tempestuous clime, But full of excellences in us sown, Must wait that better life, and there, full blown, In spiritual perfectness sublime The prizes of our nature we shall gain, Which now we struggle for in vain-in vain! II. Who does not feel within him he could be Anything, everything, of great and good@? That, give him but the chance, he could and would Soar on the wings of triumph strong and free@? And think not this is vanity, for @he, If one of Glory's heirs, is of the band 'I said that ye are gods!'-on this we stand Through the eternal ages infinite, @Growing like Christ in hope and love and light As grafted into Him there shall we see, And know as we are known no hindrance then Shall bind our wings, or shut our eyes or ears Led upward, onward, through ten million years, We shall expand in spirit,-but still be Men. @III. Each hath his specialty we see in some Music or painting, eloquence or skill, With, or without, an effort of the will, As by spontaneous inspiration come Ev'n in this mingled crowd of good and ill, To make us hail a Wonder -but Elsewhere Without or let or hindrance we shall use Forces neglected here, but nurtured there Till all the @powers of every classic Muse, Ninefold, may dwell in each-as each may choose Since Heaven for creatures must have creature gifts, Not only love, religion, gratitude, But also light, and every force that lifts Man's spirit to the heights of Great and Good. For a second take my recent open protest against the pestilential atheism so rife in our midst -I. My Father! everpresent, everwise, and everkind,-The Life that pulses at my heart, the Light within my mind,-My Maker, Guardian, Guide, and God, my never-failing Friend, Who hitherto hast blest me, and wilt bless me to the end,-How should I not acknowledge Thee in all my words and ways, And bring my doubts to Thee in prayer, the prayer that turns to praise@? @@How can I cease to trust Thee, who hast guided me so long, And been from earliest childhood to old age my strength and song@?@@ II. My Father! Great Triunity! For Thou art One in Three, The mystery of mysteries, a threefold joy to me,-What deep delight to dwell upon the philosophic plan Of Thy divine self-sacrifice in God becoming man, And taking on Thyself in Christ the sins and woes of all Redeemed to higher glory from the ruin of their fall, As humbled and enlightened and enlivened into love, By the Pure Spirit of sweet peace, the-@heart-indwelling Dove! III. My Father, Abba, Father@! For Thou callest me Thy child, As in Thy holy Jesus and Good Spirit reconciled,-O Fat@her, in this evil day when atheism is found Dropping its poison seeds about in all our fallow-ground, Shall I keep coward silence, and ungenerously forget The Friend that hitherto hath helped me-and shall help me yet? @@Shall unbelief, all unabashed, proclaim that God is Not,-Nor faith with honest zeal be quick this hideous lie to blot@? IV. Ho! Christian soldier,-to the front!@@ and boldly speak aloud The dear old truths denied by yonder Sadducean crowd,-That every inch and every instant we are guided well By Him who made, and loved, and loves us more than tongue can tell That, though there be dread mysteries of cruelty and crime, @And marvellous long-suffering patience with these wrongs of time, Still, wait a little longer, and we soon shall know the cause For every seeming error in the Ruler's righteous laws! V. A little longer, and our faith and hope and works of love Shall reap munificent reward in@ those blest orbs above, Where He who being God of old became our brother here Shall welcome us and speed us on' from glorious sphere to sphere, Until before His Father's throne the Spirit with the Son Shall give to every Christian then the crown his Lord hath won And through the ages in all worlds our wondrous ransomed race Shall bless the Universal King of Providence and Grace! For a third, my testimony as to the wonders that surround us I have called this poem The Infinities. I. Lift up your eyes to yon star-jewelled sky, Gaze on that firmament caverned on high,-Marvellous universe, infinite space, Studded with suns in fixt order and place, Each with its system of planets unseen, Meshed in their orbits by comets between, Worlds that are vaster than mind may believe, Whirling more swiftly than thought can conceive, O ye immensities@! Who shall declare The glory of God in His galaxies there? II. Look too on this poor planet of ours, Torn by the storms of mysterious powers, Evil contending with good from its birth, Wrenching in battle the heartstrings of earth,-Ah@! what infinities circle us here, Strangeness and wonderment swathing the sphere@@! Providence ruleth with care most minute, Yet is fell cruelty torturing the mute, Infinite marvels of wrong and of right, Blessing and blasting each day and each night. III. All things in mystery riddles unread @@Nothing but dimness of guesses instead Only begi@nning, where none see the end, Nor where thes@e infinite energies tend Saving that chrysalis-creatures are we, Till we grow wings in that aeon-to-be@! Everything infinite Nature, and Art, The schemes of man's mind, and the throbs of his heart@ Infinite cravings for better, and best, Tempered by infinite longings for rest. IV. Then, as the telescope's miracle drew Infinite Heaven's vast worlds into view, So doth the microscope's marvel display Infinite atomies, wondrous as they@! A mere drop of water, a bubble of air, Teems with perfections of littleness there Infinite wisdom in exquisite works All but invisible everywhere lurks, While we confess as in great so in small, Infinite skill in the Maker of all. V. And there be grander infinities still, Where, in Emmanuel, good has quench'd ill Infinite humbleness, highest and first, Choosing the doom of the lowest and worst Infinite pity, and patience,-how long@? Infinite justice, avenging all wrong, Infinite purity, wisdom, and skill, Bettering good through each effort of ill, Infinite beauty and infinite love, Shining around and beneath and above@! And let this simple hymn be the old man's last prayer, bridging over the long interval of well-nigh fourscore years between cradle and grave with a child's first ################### son, give Me thine heart ' Yes, Abba, Father, yes@! Perfect in goodness as Thou art, I will not give Thee less. But I am dark and dead, And need Thy grace to live@ @@Father, on me Thy Spirit shed, To me that sunshine ################################################# and the final state of the dead, I have long since grown to the @happy doctrine of Eternal Hope-ultima@tely for all perhaps even siding with Burns, who as the only logical way of eliminating evil gives a chance to the puir Deil albeit the path for some must be through the terrible Gehenna of fire to purify, and with few stripes or many to satisfy conscience and evoke character. As for that text in Ecclesiastes about the tree lying where it fell, commonly supposed to prove an unchanging state for ever,-it is obvious to answer that when a tree _is_ cut down, its final course of useful@ness ################################################# return in earth's poor way Thy gift from heaven above. There is no good in me But droppeth from on high, Then quicken me with life from Thee, That I may never die. For if I am a son-O grace beyond compare!-A child of God, with Jesus one, In Him I stand an heir In Him I live and move, And only so can give An immortality of love, To Thee by whom I live. Then melt this heart of stone, And grant the heart of flesh, That all I am may be Thine own, Renewed to love afresh. ################################################### into furniture much as when a human being's work here is finished, he is taken hence to be utilised else@where. Everlasting progress is the law of our exist@ence, whether here or elsewhere,-no stopping, far less annihilation. And then the character of our Maker is Love, this Love having satisfied Justice by self-sacrifice, and nothing is more reiterated in the Psalms than that His mercy endureth for ever which cannot be true if bodies and spirits-even of the wicked-are to be condemned by Him to endless torment. Adequate punishment, and that for the wretched creature's own improvement, is only in accordance with the voice of reason, and the voice of inspired wisdom too for though our Lord Christ warns against a fearful retribution in@volved in the phrase of the undying worm and the unquenchable fire, as He was looking over the wall of Jerusale@m into Tophet and the valley of Hinnom where the offal from the thousands of sacrifices was perpetually rotting and being burned, so taking his parable from an incident, as @usual -He yet went and preached after death to the spirits in prison, probably to those who were then enduring some such purgatorial punishment. After all, this sentence of King Solomon as to a fallen tree, so often misapplied, is not one of the higher forms of inspiration even St. Paul qualifies his own sometimes and there are several disputable texts in Proverbs and, if taken literally for exposition, we all must admit that the felling, of a tree is the immediate precursor to its further life of usefulness. Let us, then, rational@ly hope that the dead in Christ will be improved from good to better and best and that even those who have failed to live for Him in this world may by some purifying education in the next co@me finally to the happy far-off end of being saved by Him at last. The words everlasting and forever are continually used in Scripture to indicate a long time,-not neces@sarily an eternity see Cruden for many proofs . More@over, if all hope of improvement ends with this life a doctrine in which such extremes as Atheism and Cal@vinism strangely agree , what becomes of all the com@monest forms of humanity, its intermediate failures, too bad for a heaven@ and too good for a hell to say less of insane, idiotic, and other helpless creatures and the millions of the untaught in Christendom, who never have had a chance, and billions of the Heathen brutal@ised through the ages by birth and evil custom@?@@ Yes for all there must be in the near hereafter continuous new chances of improvement and hopes of better life. There is@ one poem in the volume superadded to my Dramatics which I will introduce here, as it is quite a _tour de force_ in its way of double rhyming throughout, and has, moreover, excellent moral uses so I wish it read more widely. ############# Mysteries@! crowding around us, Ho@w ye perplex and confound us,-Each our ignorance screening Hidden in words without meaning@! Who knoweth aught that is certain Veil'd behind mystery's curtain?@@ Seeing the wisest of guesses Foolishness only expresses. Ancestry@? ruthlessly moulding Bodies and souls in unfolding How such a mixture confuses Judgment's indulgent excuses,- While the derivative nature, Still a responsible creature, Yields individual merits, Biassed by what it inherits. Circumstance@? mighty to fashion Instant occasion for passion, Gripping with clutch of a bandit Weakness too weak to withstand it,- What@? shall it mar me or make me@? Neither, till faith shall forsake me-For, with good courage to nerve me, Circumstance only can serve me@! Destiny? doth it then seem so@@? Or can the will we esteem@ so, Change the decree at a bidding, Us of that destiny ridding,- If with no fatalist weakness, Battling in boldness and meekness, We are determined to master Every defeat and disaster@? Providence? ordering all things, Both of the great and the small things, Equally each of us guiding, Guarding, destroying, providing,- Fixt, beyond human forecasting, Both as to blessing and blasting,-Yet, though we darkly discern Him, Quick'ning the prayer that may turn Him@! Evil?-O direst enigma, Whispered and terrible stigma By fools to the Good One imputed, As if everlastingly rooted@! How so? shall wrong to no ending Still with the Right be contending@? Must not the bitterest leaven Melt in the mercy of Heaven@? Or can old Baal, the sun-god, Boast there are two gods, not one god, Satan, the rebel infernal, Regent with Christ the Supernal@?@@ Come, blessed end, through the ages, When no more wickedness rages, When no iniquity hinders, But sin is burnt down to its cinders!- Cruelties@?-@somehow permitted,-With its mute victims unpitied, Tortured in nature's defiance On the false pretext of science,- Shall not some aeon of gladness, Balance the throes of pain-madness,-Must not the crime of the cruel Burn into souls as its fuel@? @@Never can wisdom's creation Be stultified annihilation, But every poor unit that liveth Shall live in the life that He giveth,- Yea, for that aeon of glory, Revealed in millennial story, When earth with beatified features, Shines the new Heaven of creatures. Death@? Is it all things, or nothing@? Either the Spirit unclothing Unto new living for ever,-Or the dread penalty-never! Death,-if thou art but the portal, Leading to glories immortal, Why should we tremble to near thee, How be the cowards to fear thee, Since the worlds blazing above us, Peopled by angels who love us, Stand our fatherly mansions, Fitted for spirits' expansions@? Where are@ the dead@? and what doing@?@@ Still their old trifles pursuing@? Or in the trance of a slumber, Crowded by dreams without number@?- Dreams of unspeakable sadness, Breams of ineffable gladness,-As the quick conscience remembers Evil and good in their embers,- As it lives over in quiet, Time and its orgies of riot, Or the good gifts and good graces, Bright'ning its happier phases,- As it sees photograph'd clearly, Crystalised sharply and nearly, Life and its million transactions, Fancies and feelings and factions,- Every prayer ever uttered, Every curse ever muttered, All the man's lowest and highest,-These are thyself, when thou diest@! Filling thee, after thy measure, From the full river of pleasure, Or, as the fruit of thy sowing, Pangs of remorse ever growing,- In thee all Heaven upspringing, Or its dread opposite flinging Blackness and darkness about thee,-Both are within, not without thee@! Yet,-in that darkness, @we grope for Somewhat far off, yet to hope for, That through some future repentance, Justice may soften its sentence. Ere from the dead He had risen, 'He preached to the spirits in prison,'-Is this a text that His aid is Still to be hoped for in Hades? 'Wrath may endure for a season,' Both in religion and reason,-But if its end must be never, @Where is His mercy for ever'@? @@Ay,-after long retribution, Mercy may drag from pollution Souls that have suffered for ages, Working out sin's bitter wages,- So that the end shall be glorious, Good over evil victorious, And this black sin-night of sorrow, Blaze into gladness to-morrow! And so I make an end of this autobiography, with the humble prayer that I may have grace given to finish my course in this life usefully and with honour, at peace with God and man mindful of that caution of Tellus, the Athenian, as recorded by Herodotus, no@t to judge any man happy until he is dead -the Christian adds, and is alive again@! Let me conclude with some noble lines of Ovid in his Epilogue to the Metamorphoses, which I have Englished below -Jamque opus exegi quod nec Jovis ira, nec ignes, Nec poterit ferrum, nec edax abolere vetustas. Cum volet illa dies, quae nil nisi corporis hujus Jus habet, incerti spatium mihi finiat aevi,-Parte tamen meliore mei super alta perennis Astra ferar nomenque erit indelebile nostrum. Quaque patet domitis Romana potentia terris, Ore legar populi perque omnia saecula famâ Si quid habent veri vatum praesagia VIVAM. Now have I done my work which not Jove's ire Can make undone, nor sword nor time nor fire. Whene'er that day, whose only powers extend Against this body, my brief life shall end, Still in my better portion evermore Above the stars undying shall I soar. My name shall never die but through all time Whenever Rome shall reach a conquer'd clime, There, in that people's tongue, shall this my page Be read and glorified from age to age -Yea, if the bodings of my spirit give True note of inspiration, I shall live@! THE #################################################################