[OCR_toInput] Pi TMB MORNING CHRONICLE, FRIDAY JANUARY 1. Morning Chronicle Office, Seven o'clock. SECOND EDITION. UNITED SIAI ES. EXPRESS FROM LIVERPOOL. ONE DAY LATEK FROM THE UNITED STATES. Liverpool, Thursday Evening. Tit. wiud to-day having veer.d round to the north we.t. aeverul vessel which had been detained in the channel made their way into jiort. and amongst them the Independence, the New York packet ship of the 10th instant. She has brought a New York paper of a day later than those received by the Great W estern, namely, to the evening of the 10th, but it does not contain the expected message from the President in consequence of the great snotv storm, a sufficient number of members had not assembled to form a quorum on the usual day of meeting, the 7th , but as the roads were exacted to be more passable in a few days, it may be expeeted by the next arrival the houses would continue to adjourn trom day to day, until a majority of the whole enabled them to pro ceed to business. There is not much of importance in the papers we have received, but we annex the report of the Mo ney Market -MONEY MARKET. Mlonesday, Die. 9, Six p.m.-The Great Western sailed to-day at one o'clock, with a full freight-ff 102,00 in specie-70 passengers-a letter bag yielding ft 1,100 at the Exchange, and probably 81,400 at the agent's office. She could not wait longer for the I'resident's Message. It will be seen, therefore, that the movement in specie still goes forward, in the face of resumption here. By the steamer and the other packets this week, nearly 41400,000 specie has gone to Europe. I his fact, at the beginning of the winter season, when steam navigation will be nearly closed for three months, begins to alarm bankers in connection with the sub net of specie payments at Philadelphia. In summer a ready supply could bo imported from Europe, but this is not so easily effected in mid w inter. The resumption of the Philadelphia banks, on the 16th of January, if not sooner, which is now generally an uounoed and believed, does not seem to give any unima. fiou to the markets generally-indeed the reverse is felt. In the stock market a general fall has taken place, vary ing front to 2 per cent. Money is also scarce and dearer. .SALES AT THE STOCK EXCHANGE. TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OK THE BOROUGH OP Walsall. OlSTLiaBS. j. 0 , _ _oroush confideM-e on 'tire undivided indi leaio'us support . •™2,Sftilie° tirtore b !in ! warty. 1 liaie no completed a perso ran M or the elec and I regret to sav, that In man - .nuances -hare I had oery .reason to expect prompt and c#r J 1 neutrality, or decided .. i n£'f£m C Th. 1 AnU-ci™ tow uSS • 10 'oppow lie, and oDooaition Pad destroyed my chance of beinir returntd us your R pr seMaLTe?? l j d . . S thr Liberal interat. Nothine but a tir.a ormcuon of be ho-el.wn.-. of success, foundad upon these oh. Sis would have induced me to relinquish my prospects of repre-sentins four Boronth. hot I am now persuaded, that any coetmuanre of this atrugale In the nressnt state of Parties, would only Injure the cause to which I am pledtfed. it. retiring from the p. bed to return my most AAHIEn'T had the honour of first addressing V offsnnd myself a CANDIDSTFlo represent this in the Cainmor. House of Parliament, I, 1 cl 'of Ural ■ '■ dlv H d MtupU ed a' wn ranrasa of?he° lsclo ,I, many instances where I had e.ery rea cardial -uppert, I have met with either lukewarm led OI,DOS.Iiou. In addition ts these discouraging sVehK a counter the avowed hostility of the contest optf ut muni .i.j _ J _ those honest Sd consistent Liberals who hare rendered me air able assistance and support. I hare the honour to be. dent re ea, s PP n fg j,hr u , obedient, and humble aervsnt, Wallsall, Tuesday Erening. 8PENCER LYTTELTON. 16,000 Philad Kxch 984 6,000 - do 18 •AMMl Illinois Sixes 781 60 shasMerchantBk 111 120 do Mechanic Bk 102 60do YicksburgBk c 12 76 do do olg 84 til do Am Ex Bk 92 26 do Farmers Trust 86 ,' 76 do N AmTrust thw28j do 60 do do 160 do 166 do 1 Com 102 50 do Bcs Prov 60d 93 ■200 do Del Hud 90d 84 40 da N Jersey R 76 160 do L Island R 53 60 do Stoning b30 27 190 do do 86m 56 126 do do e 27 15 do Manhat Gas 86 100 do do 27 15 do do 84 60 do Harlem b30 39 12 do Syracuse K 123 775 do do 39 23 do Patterson R 53 200 do Canton Co. 26 i PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. THE INFANT SAPPHO.-COSMORAMA-ROOM8s £09. REGENT-STREET, under the immediate Patronage of her MAJESTY.-The Nobility, Gentry, ad Public are mo t respectfully informed, the highly-rifted child, LOUISA VINNINO, feHryears of ace, will have the honour of giving TWO EVENING CONCERTS, via. This Evbnino, Jan. 1, and Monday, Jan. 4, at the above rooms. Admittance is. Reserved seats, 2 . each, to be had at Mean.CramerandCoJe, 201, Regent-street. The EVENING EXHIBITIONS, as well as MORMNO.of the ROYAL POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION, during the Christmas holi lays, are adapted fer the younger class. The ad ditional Theatre. Apaitmeuts. and Galleries extend to the number of TWENTY-SEVEN, in which are depesited SIXTEEN HUNDRED WORKS, displaying the most eminent art. acier.ce, and ingenuity, one-third of which are new to the visitor the Lecture, the varied and beautiful experiments, and the Micrescope. Open from Half-past 'Ten to Five o'clock Evening trom 8ev m to.Half-pMt Ten e tclock. -Admission la. A Band of Mualc. Annual Subacrlptlon.arofrenitU 1st Janaary. The extensive laboratory isopen pupils. j nj Chem.at conducts assays and analyses. A Prospectus of the Schoo1 for the Practical Education of Engine Drivers can be had of the Secretary. A new edition of the Catalogue. SPLENDID EXHIBITION. The ROYAL SCENASCOPE the Scenic Metamorphoses, the Microscope, and oUier aoveltn s Elwtncal Experiinenti, Glaea-blawing, Combu-tMH of Steel, dteem Gun, will be repeated aa frequently asj.oaaible during thft iiav for the accommodation of the visitors the Polanscope will be shownby B. Clarke, and a double Fire cloud will be exhibited t four o'clock in the Long Room the Electrical Eel, Walton's fard-making Machine, Stevens' Gas-making Apparatus, Braithwaite's new Cooking Stove, Ackermann's Gallery of Prints, Pictures, Statu ary Music, .Models, die. ficc.-Admission, Is. Catalogues, tid. rot'o Half-past Ten till Four daily. APOLLONICON.-To-morrow Mr. Purkiswill perform a SELECTION of MUSIC on the APOLLONICON, in which will he nitroduced-Overtures, 'Agnesc and • Beige of Rochelle Cavatina. Dt PlacerDuet, Ah. Perdona Glee, The Chough mid CrowPol area, I PuritaniSong, Auld Robin Gray Ballad, .. The Hunter of Tyrola8electi6nof German Waltzes, and 'Gou save the Queen.'' The mechanical powers of the Instrument will comment the perforruace with Motart's Overture to Figaro, and conclude with Weber's Overture to Der FreyschuU.-At the Rooms of Robeon and Son, Organ-builders, 101, St. Martin s lane. Com mencing at Two o'clock. Admittance, is.-N.B. The.Performances will be continued every Saturday. such a convention, or if they did, that they could execute it. The day has gone by when provinces and population on the Rhine can be bargained away or sold. The Rhanish provinces are at this moment strongly German and Prussian, and under the pro tection of the united patriotism of the German race, which will not see its patrimony or its importance it Europe diminished. The French, we will be hound to say, are not able to wrest a rood of land from the Germans, now that the Germans have got, like the French, popular senti ment, and a national feeling. Therefore Russia has not the power to give away the Rhine. Neither lias France the power, any more than the will, to give away Constantinople. Alliances of the kind, therefore alliances of conquest and partition , are out of date, and out of possibility and so are coalitions, except in defence of rights, and in opposi tion to absurd and arrogant pretensions. When Count Mole's small coterie, and smaller organs, then, menace us with Franco-Russian alliance, we know full well it is merely words they utter. When the opposition papers of France tell us that the Court and King of the French are leaning to Russia, and that England had better take care of itself, we laugh at the shallow manoeuvre. 'We wish sincerely to see a better understanding between France and Russia, as between France and Europe but we cannot be in the least either jealous or alarmed even at a whole volume of benevolent notes addressed by Count Nesselrode to the Tuileries. We this day lay before our readers important additional information respecting the case of Mr. Hill, in the Ecclesiastical Court of Exeter, and the resolutions agreed on at a meeting on Monday last in Monmouth, with regard to the case of Sabah Young. Mr. Millett has supplied us with the opinion given by Dr. Addams in the case of Mr. Hill, from which it will be seen that the omnipotence of Parliament, to use the well-known expression, is impotence in regard to the Ecclesiastical Courts. Parliament may pass an act, prohibiting courts from IN is couivt'lled to announce that. although Hies. .exhibitions alt'ii. Croups and Tableaux .re nightly crow ding his rooms with visitors, they must cease .Iter a few .vening. more, on account ol the injury which is nightly done to his Iudian wardrobe, which con-stituies so important a part of his collection.-Admission, Is. Stovr# ate in use in both rooms. 25 do do 2h sluts Vicksburg 26 do Mech Bk Ass •26 do Canton 26 do do 75 do do 0 do Del and Hud 52 100 do do 23 SECOND BOARD. s30 13 26 do S A Trust blO 28-1 81 •24 24 s30 24 nw 84 26 do do 28j 160 do do s3 28 60 do Harlem b30 39 60 do L Island s.'IO 56 SPAIN. MADRID, Dec. 22. erou our own correspondent. The order and Instructions for the new elections have been issued to-day by the Minister of the Interior. On the first of the new t ear the provincial deputations are'to pioceed to the division of their respective provinces into electoral districts, consulting exclusively in t 1 8 the convenience of the electors, and advertising them of the divisions adopted on the Oth of the same month in the official bulletin. On the 8th the lists of the voters are to be posted up for the term of fifteen days in the usual public places. All reclama tions with respect to the right of voting are to be decided iby the 26th of the month, and communicated to the cor. porations before the 30th, iti order that the lists may be rectified. On the 1st of February the elections are to commence, and to be conducted in the manner prescribed by the Electoral Law. On the 12th of said month the general scrutiny is to take place in the capital of each province and the result immediately communicated to the Minister of the Interior. The number of new sena tors to be elected at the same time is 46, and 241 depu ties, with 100 suplentes or substitutes. Nothing could be fairer thau tho instructions of the minister to the autho rities for conducting those elections. In a separate pa ragraph, addressed to the political chiefs, he states as fol lows - . , ' On the first of the new year, as soon as the provincial deputations are installed in office, the proceedings prepa ratory to the election of senators and deputies are to be commenced. The accompanying order of the Provisional Regency of the kingdom will iuform you of the measures which they have adopted for carrying the electoral law into effect and if • the nation was never con-aulted in more critical circumstances than the present, it is the more necessary that the people should huve the most complete freedom in exercising their electoral rights. It is but right and necessary that a Cortes called to de cide upon questions of vital impertance to the country should fairly represent it for without this the govern ment can neither acquire strength, proceed in a firm course of policy, or effect the good of the people, as their present situation und the errors of their former rulers re quire. Without the most complete freedom ol election it would be in vain to seek these advantages.' I need not proceed with the remainder of these in structions, which are totally free front those objections so oftcu witnessed und complained of in former documents of this description. If we are to judge from the elections of corporations and provincial depurations which have just terminated, the contest cannot be very great, or doubtful I mean, of coarse, as to the majority being of the liberal party. While alluding to dec-lions, 1 may observe that you will sec in the opposition pipers of Madrid much noise made ..bout the paucity of electors in the municipal and depu-iitiouul elections. Some of them, indeed, go so far as to ,nfer from this fact, that the persons elected cannot re present the opinions of the people, because the whole population did not turn out and put themselves to the wery absurd trouble of voting where there was no contest. If I have not been too long out of England to forget its usages in these matters, no one there, I believe, would say that a member of Parliament did not represent his constituents because there was no contest to induce the whole or a majority to go through the 'o.-tn of giving their votes. On the contrary, the ab-aeneff of a contest, or of actual voting, would be taken as a proof of the unanimity of popular suffrage, and thecom-nWncss of popular representation. 5 et you will find that the Absolutist statistical gentlemen of the Madrid and Paris opposition press will assume exactly the con trary and declare that the new deput.es will no represent fhc people, should there be no contests. At all events tt tesU wTl, writers ol this schoo to show good reason why their political friends or party do not takc part in the.e elections. I have given the'rue reasons of tins in former lettert, ami need not repeat them. . . Our intelligence from Portugal, with respect to ttK Douro question, continues to be sufficiently warlike and ridiculous. The noise about levies and mounting old cannon is truly appalling and absurd. Hut these good people would appear to have gaiued in national pride and soreness what they have lost of ancient and solid greatness. It wouid be hard to say, indeed, whether the absurdity of the imprudent threats of tSpaln. or of the idle preparations of defence of Portugal, be the greatest. From Badajos we have news that the Portuguese had actually ceased to visit that place, and that forts were being repaired at Elvas amt along the frontier. 1 presume there is much village alarm and misrepresentation in all we hear about the matter just as there is about a few regiments being i-an'oncd in Toledo and Talavera-a measure which I believe h no connection whatever with any intention ol se idiug tro, - ' 0 ut0 Portugal. The Five per' IVnU. nave again declined to-day, the selling price being • as ,. Some operations were even effected lower after 'he regular business had closed. HOLIDAY AMUSEMENTS in the EGYPTIAN HALL -Tin NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN MUSEUM, Open Day liwno • FDsuREs ii full Vndg 'to tumes -jl Mr. entpr,uinin g suits for tith s under £10, but catlin is comiwiiea w snnounce ihsL ujnni h itrew.M UMttoii. jf they choos? to entertain suits for a smaller sum than £10, a party can only have the benefit of the prohibition by appearing to the citation, and then the iniquitous court refuses to allow him his costs, which are always high. In bringing before the House of Commons, in 1839, his motion respecting Ecclesiastical Courts, Mr. Hawes observed, that ft was often extremely difficult to ascertain over what description of causes any particular Ecclesiastical court operated, and much inconvenience resulted from this uncertainty. In the majority of the peculiar courts, and perhaps in all, there neither were nor could be efficient and experienced judges, officers, advocates, or prac titioners, the emoluments being too small, and the number of causes too few, to ensure those requisites for the due administration of justice. The consequence was, that no confidence was rt posed in these tribunals and delay arose, and expense was incurred in applying for letters of request, and in resorting to other means of escaping the jurisdiction. As a proof of ignorance, Dr. Lushinoton stated that the practitioners of one of these ecclesiastical courts did not know that an ap peal lay from its jurisdiction. But all this ignorance is displayed at the expense of the unfortunate persons subject to the jurisdiction. The Court' may, through its ignorance, put a party to great trouble and ex pense but the Court itself is vested with impunity. The Court itself may be composed of a knot of clergymen having the same interests as the suitor, and suits may he entertained, in the very teeth of an act of Parliament prohibit ing them but though it may be obvi ous that the suits are entertained for the purpose of obtaining incomes to the members of the court and the practitioners, through enormous costs, yet corrupt motives cannot be brought home to any one. If the members of these tribunals avoid doing what no man not a downright idiot would think of doing, they may perpetrate all sorts of iniquity with im punity. We remember, in the case of an ac tion brought against an inferior tribunal, hearing Lord Tenterden observe, that errors of THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-New Grand judges ought to be viewed with indulgence-that Onilc Christmas Pantomimr, Tower of London, and Burlesque • . . . ,, , ,, . ... this evukiko win h performed the Drama of 11 was more important that they should act with Dt? 1 El r f V ■ ne Y- Dam en.l XX A..AM Aha- U a -a I A - 14 1 confidence on the opinion they entertained, than that OPERA.-To conclude with the Graad Comic Christmas Pantomime, .t-.lJ L , , r . .. . called harlequin and the enchanted HisH or, The G.ni JiMtice should be paralyzed from hesitation and of the Braien Bottle. Clown, Mr. Wieland Harlequin, Mr. Eltar ., . , . Paatuioou, Mr. Kins Columbine. Miss Butiin. anxiety respecting the consequences of their deci sions. In the case of judges, like those of our su perior courts, under the eye of an intelligent Bar and public, a charitable construction of conduct can be productive of little injury but in such dens of iniquity as the Ecclesiastical Courts of the coun try confessedly are, the doctrine of Lord Tentrrden of which they would be allowed to avail themselves , must give impunity to the most revolting injustice. Mr. Hawes's resolution, that the inferior eccle siastical courts should be abolished without delay, was carried, but they still exist, to the great oppres sion of the community. They may know that they PANORAMA, LEICESTER, SQUARE.-Pa norama of DAMASCUS. LEICESTER-SQUARE.-Now OPEN • npleuaid VIEW of DAMASCUS, line ofthe most ancient cities ot the Fast. It embraces ea ry object ol importance in the city abo the Plain the Scene ef the Conmaionof St. Paul the Street called Straight, where the Apostle remained during hi blindness with an extensive view ol the surrounding country. Also open the VIEW of MACAO, in China, with the Bay of the fy-pa, her Majesty s ahipa Velageand Hyacinth, Chinese Junks, 4cc.-Admittance to each View, Is. Books 6d. each.-N.B. The circles are warmed for the season, MAGIC CAVE.-FIVE NEW VIEWS.-The onlv Subterraneous Exhibition in London, in which may be seen SIXTEEN beautiful COSMORAMIC VIEWS by eminent artists, which are so well arranged that they give the spectator a better idea of the scenes before him than anything short of nature can possibly produce.-Open from Eleven in the morning until Ion at night, at the Lowtner Bazaar, 36, Strand. Ad mi salon 6d. THEATRE ROYAL DRURY-LANE.-CON CERTS D'lIlVER.-Conductor, Mr. Eliaaon.-Programme for This Evening.-Part I. Overture to Goethe's celebrated Tragedy of Faust Lindpaintner. Aurora, Vaises Labitzky. Quadrille. Le Gothique Mustard. Medley Scotch Overture, Guy Manur ing Bishop. Second Grand Fantasia from the Opera •• Les Hugue nots, Meyerbeer. LeckeN celebrated Music to Macbeth. -Part II. Overture, Der Freyschutz C. M. Von Weber. The Telegraph, or Musical Gleanings being a Grand Pot-pourri, by Strauss. Swiss Air, with variations, Concertina, Mr. Case. Overtare, Le Cheval de Bronze Auber. Vaises, Brusiler Spitzen Strauss. Quadrille, 1 Puritan!Musard. Gallop, Camille, Trumpet 80I0, Herr Muller Musard.-Prices ol admission to the Promenade, Is. Dress Circle, as. d. Upper Boxes, is. 6d. Lower Gallery Is. Visit ors to the Boxes have the privilege of passing to and Irom the Prome nade.-Doors open atllali-uaat Seven, performance to commence at Eight precisely. 4 THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GAItDEN. This Evening will be presented THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR. Sir John Faletatf, Mr. Bartley Justice Shallow, Mr. K. Matthews Master 8Iender, Mr. C. Mathews Mr. Ford, Mr. Cooper Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Niabett Mr . Page, Madame Vestria Ann Page, Miss Kuinforth Mrs. Quickly, Mrs. C. Jones. To conclude with the Grand Christmas Pantomime, eutitled THE CASTLE OF OTRANTO or Harlequin and the Giant Helmet. Har lequin, Mr. C. J. Smith Pantaloon, Mr. Morelli Clown, Mr. Ridg-nj Columbine, Miss Farebrother. To-morrow, Midsummer Night's Dream, and the Pantomime. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-This Evening will be performed the new and original Comedy called MONEY. Lord Glossmore, Mr. F. Vining Sir John Vesey, Bart., Mr. Strickland Sir Frederick Blount, Mr. W Lacy Mr. Benjamin Stout, M.P., Mr. D. Rees Evelyn, Mr.Macready Graves, Mr.Webster Captain Dudley Smooth, Air. Wrench Sharpe, Mr. Waldron Toke, Mr. Oxberry Lady Franklin, Mrs. Glover Miss Georgina Vesey, Miss P. Horton Clara Douglas, Miss H. Faucit. After which THE LADIES' CLUB. Mrs. Fiti6myth the Chair woman , Mrs. Glover Captain Fitxsmyth, Mr. Oxberry. To conclude with TOM THUMB. Torn Thumb, Master G. Webster. To-morrow, Money, with The Ladies'Club, and Tom Thumb. THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA-HOUSE- SOIREES MU8ICALEB. -Thj8 Evbning-Overture, Masaniello Chorus, Semiramide Duet, Whence this soft and pleasing flame Miss Nunn and Mr. Frazer Ballad, The one we love Mr. Frazer Aria, IlPostiglione Big. Paltonl Chorus, Viva Henrico Overture, Gazza Ladra Aria, Non piu Andrei Signor Giubilei and Chorus Duo, Dunque-io-aon Miss Nunn and Signor Paltoni Song Young Soldiers Mr. Frazer Romance on the Cornet a Pistons, Laurent, jun. Ballad, The Old Oak Tree Miss Nunn Trio, Papataci Frazer, Paltoni, am Giubelei Quadrilles, La Victoria and Gais Loisirs Galop. Solo on the Oboe by Mr. Keating. Eighty Vocal and Instrumental Performers, under the direction of Signor Negri.-Admission to the Parterre, is. to the Balcony, 'Js. Private Boies, £1 Is, Commences at Eight. of the metropolis, and of obtaining it legal prohibi tion of the most unwholesome custom of burying in crowded localities. The administrators of the new Poor-law have made a beginning of those measures of sanatory police which have long been so much needed. We fear they will achieve no very material improvement without an amended Building Act, more comprehensive in its provisions, and more stringent in its penalties. It will be contended that the rights of property forbid any interference with those sink, of filth and sources of dis ease which disgrace the metropolis, and per petually endanger the health of its inhabitants. Nor can any change be efficient which allows the continued accumulation of dead and decaying bodies in vaults under the churches where congrega tions assemble for worship, or in churchyards which are surrounded by dwelling-houses, and keep the smell of the dead for ever in the nostrils of the living. These masses of corruption are centres from which disease and death radiate. They are batteries against human existence, and sometimes their cross fire leaves little chance of escape. There i, a neighbourhood, for instance, between Clare Market and the Strand, hemmed in by no less than four of these malignant receptacles. It is, as might be expected, frequently visited by aggravated forms of typhus fever. The permanence of disease amongst the poor of St. Giles's and Whitechapel, in part occasioned by the wretched condition of the living, is also in part owing to the loathsome accu mulation of the dead in the churches and churchyards of these parishes. Similar in stances might be multiplied. The practice of burying under churches, aud in grave yards in populous neighbourhoods is a pestilential nuisance morons wrecks in the Black Sea. We have already re ceived accounts of the loss of eighteen Greek vessels, three English, und a much greater number of Austrians, Sirdinians, and Neapolitans. Even in the channel seven were cut away. Lieutenant-Colonel de Philippovich anil Captain Count Szeehvyni were on board the Seri rervas during the storm. .... The Malii Times of the 17th ult. supplies us with the following naval intelligence The ships of the line, Thunderer, Implacable, and Edinburgh, and Dido corvette, were lying in Marmorice MONEY MARKET AND CITY NEWS. THURSDAY. Our correspondent in Coventry will reply to the letter we huve publishe ! to-iUy, on the subject ot the Bank averages and exchanges from the Author of Reliection, on the Currency. e suspect, however, that the latter wdl discover that he has mistaken the principles on which he supposes that our Coventry correspondent founded hl8 , J U lations. Had the Author of Reflections on the must say the properly of the bondhaldars is inviolable recognised to the full extent of principal and intermit and. in addition to the original securities, we now h 4 e no doubt hold on the best sources of revenue-the customs of j bon and Oporto and such was the moral obligation Uj by the Chambers, that, without discussion, the g0ve _ ment was authorised to negotiate as they bev c , u j.' itliout delay, and without making special provision o' . .i L _1 C .li. blnn.l rs -sl r in onn.a.i r.t .tt i ' ' Bay on tho 24 h ult., where wore expected the Princes. Mat,ons. Hail the Autnor o, Charlotte from Beyrout, and th Calcutta, Britannia, and Currency paid proper attention to the short ex-■lottc from Beyrout, and the Calcutta, Britannia,r . he must e, from Malta. The Britannia, 120. Capt. Drake, planation which we gave of the on j ent - 9 the flag of Rear-Admiral Sir J. A. Ommaney, and have seen that in the first instance our corresp results were not deduced from the averag p order the half dividend now io course of diseh, r Three years and a half have passed without receiving a ' sensible relief, and, the moment a disposition is sho repair the injuries sustained, the government is a-. a ' 4 by language the most intemperate, and conduct ve j' grateful. I hope very few will be found to recognise the p-or,, , ings likely to emanate from such announcement, but r ., assume tho gentlemanly bearing and quiet persevere of Mr. Thornton, whose exertions have been really j valuable to the service, and by whom alone we are r j 1 ,' in our comparatively bettered condition. I am, sir, most obediently vours, Preston, Dec. 3 , 1840. A 'BONDHOLpy n Howe, with the flag _. - . Howe, 120, Captain Sir W. O. Pell, arrived In port lest . erB i uniuwu - - - - , , night from England. Sir Woodbine Parish arrived Here li,hed in the Gazette, but that they were dertveu on the 11th in the Grest Liverpool steam-ship, accom- j r8m Weekly Statements, published in ' panied by his two daughters and son, and by Major Appendix to tha report of the committee on banks Charters, R.A., appointed secretary to the commission. 0 f jj9ue _ verv important tables areon. The publication of Tkt Alomxno Chrmitlt finished yesterday morning at Eight o'clock. THE MORNING CHRONICLE. LONDON FRIDAY, JANUARY , 1841. The Finance Minister, M. Humann, presented on Wednesday the budget of 1842. The ordinary and extraordinary expenses are esti mated at 1,316 millions of francs. The ordinary revenue is estimated at 1,162 mil- are flying in the face of an Act of Parliament but lions, which leaves a deficit of 104 millions ol francs they know that the oppressed party can only secure six millions sterling . himself by an outlay which renders submission to The Minister demanded permission of the Chamber bis wrong the more prudent course. They feel that The Karl of Wkst more land has been slightly in disposed since Ttiuriday last, but is now nearly recovered. His lordship has. in conssquenve, discontinued his dinner parties, but will resume them to-utorrow, on which day the noble lord will enter his 82d year, having been born on the 1st of January, 17 jih-Brighton Gazette. to create rentes, if necessary, for a capital of 450 mil lions of francs. But as the treasury has still a reserve of 120 millions, the creation of these rentes is not ur gent. Th# Minister will wait for favourabl# cir cumstances, and demands the power of fixing the time and rate of issuing a loan. The Minister declared that, believing in the con tinuance of peace, he did not intend to suspend the public works of peace, but would demand a credit for them. Both the Courrier Frangais and Cunstitutionnel of Wednesday reject the advances, or supposed ad vances, of Russia, contained in the reported note of Count Nesselrode. To do justice to these Liberal organs, if their hurt pride directs their animosity against England, an older aud more deeply-rooted sentiment dictates resentment against, and mistrust of, Russia. Yet, if Russia display no more ambi tion than she has done in the late events, we do not see why she is to be depicted as the Jee, fau,Jum of the West. The great, the dangerous, cause of quar rel, enmity, and mutual distrust hitherto, between the nations of Europe, has been the doubt and dark ness wkioh rested upon so many questions. But, one by one, these are clearing up. Tea years back Russiamight have hoped to be abletoswallowupCon-stantinople, without exciting the jealousies, or,at least, the opposition of the rest of Europe. France, till very lately, conceived the possibility of converting Egypt, Syria, and Arabia into a new empire, to be governed in the sphere of French ideas. Neither of these schemes is feasible, simply because the world is too much awake. The Levant was a terra incognita twenty years ago, where any Power almost might plant its standard. Now, any accession of territory or influence there would excite almost as much difficulty and danger as similar ambition on the Elbe or the Rhine. Had England any ambi tion or selfish views, or did any English statesman entertain such for her, these are checked and cut short by ttie late events quite as much as the am bition of other Powers. Exclusive advantages in the Levant are bow not to be sought or obtaintd by the Powers of Europe. What an immense gua rantee of peace is there in this addition to the public law and right of Europe ! We feel that any plot or alliance for the purpose of setting aside this public right, aud breaking through the laws of Europe, is first of all not to be dreaded as possible,nor, were it possible, could it be successful. The French jour • nalists, who idly talk and none but journalists do talk of it of an alliance between France ami Russia, mean an alliance the result of which would be France taking the frontier of the Rhine, and Russia taking Constantinople. Now, we do not believe that any French and Russian statesmen wo3ld sign they are vested with impunity. Parliament cannot protect the people from courts de termined to set it at defiance, trusting to the difficulty of distinguishing between venial and criminal fallibility. The only remedy worth any thing is to abolish such courts root and branch. In the resolutions agreed on at the Monmouth meeting, it is stated that the Ecclesiastical Court of Llandaff, which has been in the habit of issuing citations for small amounts of tithe, has displayed a want of respect for the laws of our country, and ex ercised a power dangerous to the liberty of the sub ject, which ought not to pass with impunity. But we suspect this and every other Ecclesiastical Court acting with the same barefaced disregard of the law, may count on impunity. This opinion we deliver with due hesitation but, as the conduct of the Court of Llandaff has excited much indignant feeliDg in Monmouth and the parts of the county adjacent, and a subscription ha9 been set on foot to enable the Widow Young to obtain redress, if redress is to be had, it is not impossible that the point will be de cided respecting which we are in doubt. If any degree of iniquitous practice, short of barefaced cor ruption brought home to a judge, can serve as a ground for punishment, it is to be found in the prac tice of the Ecclesiastical courts. In the Plympton Papers, published some time ago by the Camden Society, a curious light is thrown on the conduct of Empson and Dudley, who, it appears, played very different parts from what might be inferred from the statements re specting them in our common histories. These gentlemen, like the practitioners in our Ecclesiasti cal Courts, proceeded according to law. They had the same objects in view, the acquisition of plunder, but yet they set law less at defiance than the Ecclesiastical Courts have done. To be sure, they flew at higher game than Widow Young, and the other unfortunate cottagers caged by the Bishops' Court of Llandaff, and hence their death less renown. No man in England can long hope to oppress the rich with impunity. Excessive fines and excessive bail figure conspicuously in the Bill of Rights, though, in comparison to the incomes of the parties, heavier fines and heavier bail than those which led to the clause in the Bill of Rights are of every day occurrence in our police courts. But nothing can be too heavy for a poor man, and nothing too light for a grandee. The late attack by the Times on the Abney Ceme tery, although it thinly veiled the most sordid and intolerant purposes by an affected zeal for sanctity nd security, will render good service should it occasion the direction of public attention to the ne cessity of multiplying cemeteries beyond the bounds Conveyed to cemetery grounds, such as have been recently established, the abodes of the dead would minister both to bodily and mental health, instead of diffusing contagion. The great obstacle to the provision of further ac commodation of this description is in the inordinate claims and intolerable assumptions of a portion ot the clergy. The Kensal Green Cemetery has to pay five shillings to the incumbent of every parish from which a corpse is brought for interment in a brick grave, and Is. 6d. if it be put in a common grave in the open ground. If the body he brought from Marylebone, there is an additional tax for the well-known rector of 2s. 6d., which is called the Spry tax. From this ground alone, the clergy have re ceived upwards of £2,000, for no duty done, and with no reason whatever, except that people die in their parishes. The Higbgate Cemetery is sub jected to the same extortion, with this difference-that Kensal-green is only taxed on behalf of incum bents of parishes situate both within the bills of mor tality and the diocese of London while Highgate pays toll to all within five miles of the cemetery The Westminster Cemetery, at Kensington, is com pelled to pay, for every corpse, ten shillings to the clergyman of the parish of tha deceased, and one shilling to the clerk and the extortion extends to a circle of twenty miles in diameter. We have men tioned these grounds in the order in which the acts of Parliament were obtained. In that order has the imposition been augmented. Every new bill has been obstructed by a demand of more money. The Abney Park Company Las resisted, and not before it was high time. They have found other means for obtaining sanctity and security than by submission to such growing rapaciiy. The result shows they were right and we rejoice to see, by Mr. Collison's interesting book on Cemetery Interment, that the episcopalian funerals, in this beautiful ground, are more than two to one as compared with those of dissenters. It is a strange claim, this assumption of clerical property in corpses. The connection is net obvious between a cure of souls and a poll-tax on carcases. The Romish priest, granting his doctrine, is properly paid for praying a spirit out of purgatory, but the Protestant priest is paid when he does not even pray the body of his parishioner into the grave. He sit at ease in his parsonage, over his wine, and becomes entitled, by the mere fact of his existence, to his five shillings, if he is within five miles of a funeral in Highgate Cemetery or if he be a Dr. Spry, in Marylebone, to his seven shillings and sixpence or to his ten shillings if within ten miles of Kensing ton. The involuntary relation of having been his fleeced parishioner is extended beyond the boundary of mortality and this one species of grave plunder flourishes as if Mr. Warburton's Anatomy Bill had never parsed. The body snatcher is quelled, but the fee snatcher flourishes. There is said to be no canon or other law in England for the consecration of burial grounds and there is certainly no law of Christianity for the mischiefs of which that ceremony however becom ing in itself is made the pretext. Hedges have to be run up to part the graves of Dissenters from those of Churchmen. Members of the same family, who have lived in harmony, and would repose together notwithstanding their theological dif-ference , must be taken to separate chapels and consigned to remote graves, unless they purchase the unconscious neighbourhood by a sort of post humous apostacy. The sectarian spirit of clerical domination kindles the torch of discord with the last spark of vitality, and shakes it over the grave. There are but two of the new cemeteries Norwood and Abney Park , and one of them unconsecrnted, in which Death makes no distinction, and the graves intermingle of those who intermingled in living society. How the consecration of the Norwood ground escaped being also, like the rest, a desecra tion, does not appear. But the fact has aided the popularity of the cemetery. A general measure of legislation is desirable, re pressing these clerical exactions, prohibiting funeralg within the limits of the metropolis, giving public pledge of the perpetuity of the sepulchral character of grounds set apart for that purpose, and providing against offensive demonstrations of the anti-national bigotry which whether in the Church or out of it , carries its paltry sectarian animosities and distinc tions into what should be the peaceful regions of the dead. deratood to have been perfectly satisfactory that he is a-juiu to bo heard by that body, and that M. Thiers will present his report to the Chamber next week. The Constitutionnel mentions a rumour of Count de Flahault being sent to St. Petersburg to replace M. da Barante, who is to go to Vienna as ambassador, Instead of M. de St. Auluire whilo this latter diplomatist will take the post lately occupied by M. Guizot at London. We understand, says tho Presse, that the French government has selected Baron Billing as a fifth com missioner, to act, in case of a disagreement, as arbiter be tween the two British and tho two Neapolitan commis sioners, who are to discuss the settlement of the sulphur question. Buron Billing is the senior of French Secreta ries of Legation, and by a fortunate coincidence has filled that office both at London and Naples. The British aud Sicilian governments have hastened to notify that no Msy 12 19 26 Circulation. 17,228 17,212 16,816 10 823 Depstltf. 7,374 6.634 6 348 6,079 23.322 22 398 21,064 21,186 4.22.5 4,301 4,409 4,512 Average of the month . . Jane 9 16 23 Average of the month . . 06,079 . . 26,435 . . 66,549 . .17,447 17,030 . . 6 609 . . 22,142 . ,. 4,362 16,703 . . 0,s w Hicli j lig that In may be enabled to condense hi his character and fortune give him, joins the advantage I ' •!.-. • ■ • of being well-informed in matters of litigation, having to occupy himself with them every day as a member of the commission of indemnity for the colonists of Saint Domingo. A better choice could not have been made. Several of our contemporaries state that M. Cocholct French Consul-General at Alexandria, has solicited ills recall GalignanL After the King had reviewed the crews of the Belle Poule and Favourite at the Tuileries, on Saturday, his Majesty gave to the commander of the Favourite 3,000f. to be distributed amongst the men of the two ships. Each sailor will have 7f. 50c. for his share. The Prince de Joinville, after tho reception, informed the men, that each of them, witheut distinction, would receive a gold medal to be struck in commemoration of the transfer of the remains of the Emperor from Saint Helena. The Havre Journal quotes advices from Buenos Ayres, of 21st October, and from Montevideo, of 29th. At the former place a considerable quantity i f merchandize had eplyto the Author of Reflections on theCurrency. The weekly tables, published in the Appendix to the report of the committee, are carried no farther than June, 1840, for the present, but when Par liament re-assembles they will no doubt be con tinued. In the mean time our correspondent had recourse afterwards to the Gazette returns, to sup ply the means of carrying on his calculations, lie, therefore, took the average from the Gazette for the period from the 28th of April to the 21st of July, 1840, thus -Circulation. Dtpoaltii 16,961 60,163 17,030 i 16,866 J 33 ' 375 Amoaat 1?i477 for July . 7,678 .2,734 9,768 Securities. 22,865 68,695 Bullion. 4,529 A 13,587 20,794 25,659 4,412 been introduced, notwithstanding the blockade. JNlost of The Author of Reflections on the Currency says that our correspondent treats the averages as if pub lished for twelve weeks when they really are for thirteen. As this is a matter of fact easily ascer tained, it is but right we should notice that the period embraced by the Gazette retarns is 84 days, or precisely twelve weeks. From 28 April to 21 July, 1840, for instance, is exactly that period of time. Therefore the Author of Reflections on the Currency is wrong in asserting that the tables were obtained by multiplying the averege of thirteen the French residents, who had been protected by the British consul, were preparing to depart. Admiral Maekau's division had arrived at Montevideo, on the 25th, in thirty.one days from Goree. Preparations were making first for a landing at Martin Garcia, and then for going up to Buenos Aj res. It was said that a lieutenant of the French navy had been put to deatli by Rosas, but no par. ticulars were known. The total number of French vessels of war, gun-boats, Jtc., in the Plata, werc forty four. BOURSE-Paris, Wednesday, Dec. 30. Half past Three.-The market has been very brisk, and much business done. Public opioion seems to strengthen towards expectations of continuance of peace. For the Ac count, the Three per Cents, opened at 76f. COo., at whieh they close, after having been 7flf. 90e. a rise ol 10c. Tae Five per Conts.operied ut UOf. 70c., advanced to llOf. 90c dropped to llOf. 00c., and close at 1101.70c. a rise ol 20c. Far Money, the Three percents, and Ft e per Cents, are 35 . higher. Bank of France, and Belgian Bank Shares, and Belgian Five per Cents, areas yesterday. Belgian New Lorn lower. Belgian Three per Cents, for the Account, 091. 36 ., and 09f. 15c. Spanish Active, from 26f. declined 10 21 ., with little business done a fall ot j Passive as yesterduy. Neapolitan Bonds are 30e. higher. Roman have not altered. Railway Shares unaltered. first Highest Lowest Price. Price. 110 70 .. 110 04 . Oli 74 .. 1 0 75 , 76 0 .. 76 75 . 3220 .3220 french 5 per Ceoti.. 4 per Cente. 3 per Cents.. Bank ot frtuce ... Belgian Bank 5 par Cente. 3 per Cents. Neiv Loan ., Spanish Active .... Passive 900 971 69 35 . 971 . 24 900 97V 60 35 97 V 25 6 Price. . 110 70 . 06 75 . 76 60 .8220 . 900 . 07 Vs . 60 35 , 97V , . 24V . 6 Laet Pries. ,. ilO 75 . 96 75 . 76 75 .3220 ,. 900 ,. 97V . 69 35 . 97V . 2474 . The Paris papers of Wednesday have reached us by our ordinary Express. We have already ad verted to the only topics of interest discussed in these papers. We subjoin some extracts. The law, regulating the labour of children in ma nufactories, passed by a large majority on Tuesday. We have received a file of Malta papers to the 17th ult., but their intelligence from the Levant is anterior to what we have already given by several days. It was expected at Alexandria that most of the European residents who bad left Egypt would now return thither. The Austriait Observer, in its intelligence from Con stantinople of the 8th ult., states that the Porte, as well as Admiral Stopford, had refused to ratify the convention of Commodore Napier, who was considered to have gone too far. At that date, however, the despatch from Lord Puimerston, whieh was forwarded by Admiral Stopford to Alexandria, was not known in the Turkish capital. Extract of u letter from Constantinople, 8th ult We had a dreadful gale here on the 1st inst. Among the known losses are the barque Emma, Captain Hudson, loaded at Odessa with linseed and tallow, captain and all hands perished the schooner Robert Symms, of Ply mouth, loaded at Odessa with tallow, captain and three men saved, four lost the Russian commercial steamer l va or Emperor Nicholas, Captain Rogers, from Odessa, with passengers and cargo, 13 of the crew and six pas sengers lost, the captain, first engineer, and four of the crew, with four male and two female passengers saved-these went on shore to the west and last of the Boghaz. The Seri Pervas, Austrian commercial steamer, left Constantinople just before the gale set In, with 526 Turkish soldiers, for Beyrout. She drifted out of her course, and was wrecked near the entrance of the Gulf of Moudania two soldiers washed off the deck, six or eight frozen to death, and all the rest, including several Austrian officers going to join the army in Syria, with the crew, saved. Several ships are lost in the Bosphorus. The Tahiri Bahiri is just put in from Syria, hut there is no time to learn what she brings before the departure of the present. The Turks are displeased with the officious interference of Commodore Napier. The Crescent steamer, on her passage from Trcbisond, was struck by a sea, which carried twelve deck passengers overboard. The Turkish steamer Zibaishi Zidgeiret, also from Tre-bisond, had three passengers carried overboard and seven frozen to death. Another letter says- The storm of the 1st caused mu Portuguese 3 uer Cents 20# . 20ft . 20ft .. 20ft Neapolitan 100 05 . 101 . 100 65 .. 101 Roman 99ft . 99 ft . 99ft 99ft RAILWAY SHARES. St. Germain 640 640 . 640 . 640 Versailles, H. B. ... 382 M . 382 50 . 382 50 . 382 50 L. Be ... ...... 297 50 . 3u0 . 297 60 . 300 Orleans 480 480 480 . 480 Strasburgto BA1#.. 236 25 . 2.36 25 . 235 . 235 Mulhausen to Thana 415 415 415 416 FOX THE ACCOUNT. Versailles, R. B. ... 382 50 . 882 50 .382 60 . . 382 60 L. B. ... 300 300 300 . 300 Orleans 480 480 480 . 480 Strasburg to B le. . 236 25 . 236 25 . 285 . 235 Our latest Madrid letters are of the '22d ult., with little news. From Guipuscon we learn that on the 14th a commission readied Aspeitia in order to make an inventory of the effects of the Convent of Loyola. The order was resisted and R is supposed that the convent must be evacuated by force. From the discussion of the loan in the Dutch Chambers, it appears that out of a revenue of 52 millions of florins, 40 millions are required for the interest of the debt. The Duke of Bordeaux has gone to study navul science and affairs in the Arsenal of Venice! This is no joke. The Augsburg Gazette says so. The last of a dying race taking lessons in an extinct arsenal! The Prinac dc Joinville and the crew of the Belle Poule ought to shudder at the prospect of seeing the Duke of Bordeaux sail out In the Buccntaur, to espouse the Adriatic! Portsmouth.-The steam-vessel Avon, Lieut. Pritchard, has patted on to Sheerness from Plymouth with men for the Monarch, 84, and Vernon, 50, at Shcer-neis. The Inconstant, 36, Captain Pring, has arrived at Plymouth, from Cork, with volunteer seamen for general service. The Vindictive, a fine frigate, to mount upwards of 50 guns, is preparing here with every despatch for commission and at Plymouth alsb are two more of the same class bringing forward, namely, the Portland, 60, and America, 60. The greatest despatch is used here in the equipment of the St. Vincent, 120, a three-decker of the largest class she is getting rigged and otherwise fitting for sea. The pendant will be hoisted in abnut a month. The Vengeance, 84, is in the basin, rigged and masted, and only waiting orders for commission. The Driver, a new steam-ship, recently launched here, is in dock preparing for immediate'com mission. She is intended for the Mediterranean. The Impregnable, 104, Captain Thomas Forrest, C.B., and Belleisle, 78, Captain Tour Nicolas, are in Ply mouth Sound, where they will complete their crews and sea stores. They will not proceed to the Mediterranean, however, for some time. The Indus, 84, Captain Sir James Stirling, and Tweed, 29, Commander Douglas are alongside tbeir respective hulks, fitting out. Both ships will be ready for sea about the 25th of January. The above are the only ships equipping here, but orders are daily looked for to commission several more. The s'cam frigate Phcmtix is rapidly refitting in the harbour, to return to the Mediterranean. There is no commander yet appointed to her. It is expected that she will pro ceed ubout the 5th of January. The Apollo and Athol, troop ships, are nearly ready for sea. They will go to Cork ta transfer troops, the 42d Regiment, thence to the Ionian Islands. The Neptune, 120, is to be overhauled at this port lor commission, if necessury. - Brighton paper. Extract of a letter dated from on board the Prin cess Charlotte, Marmorice Bay, Dec. 13, 1840 - I am sorry to inform you that the Zsbra was driven on shore and totally wrecked, with the loss of three of her crew. The Belle'rophon was nearly lost, and the Pique lost her masts. Dreadful weather on tho coast. We, thank God, have escaped, but most miraculously four anchors ahead. I never saw worse weather. Yc have 12 sail of the line here, and a host of small craft. The Kirkcaldy Burghs.-Colonel Ferguson arrived it this city on Monday, and is no doubt now among his constituents. Of his success there is no doubt, and the Tory gentleman who has been reconnoitring the ground is now satisfied, we presame, that he might have spared himself the trouble.-Scotsman. The Military and the Police.-The watch committee and the magistrates have taken into their consideration the application of Colonel Molyneux, of the 8th Hussars, as to the police of the city having a ge neral order to salute him when they meet him in the street, and though it is the wish of the mayor and magistrates, and also of the watch committee, that a proper courtesy should be shown to the gallant colonel and to the officers of the regiment by the police force and they think that, as the colonel wishes it, the courtesy of lifting their hats .might be extended , yet they feel that no erder can be made to that effect such as would go te exclude a man from the force who should not comply with the de mand of the colonel. There can be ao doubt but the extraordinary manner in which the complaint was made, has subjected the gentleman who could make it to the sport of the citizens during the merry-makings at Christ mas, for they seem in a universal titter about it kut the individual desire of the magistrates is unquestiona bly that the deference should be shown. No doubt they feel that to make an order in the business would subject them also to no small share of public ridicule. The policemen who have betn branded by the gallant Colonel as a set of d-d bl-kg-i, determine net to move their hats.-Bury Post. week9 by three. The preceding calculations sent us by our correspondent show that the multiplication was the average of twelve weeks by three and that besides the Gazette returns are not the basis of the calculation, hut only employed as an adjunct until the weekly statements are again made public. If, however, the committee on banks of issue should not call for the continuance of those weekly returns, or should they be discontinued after they have fulfil led the object of their appointment, the Gazette re turns would be again necessary to carry on the cal culations, and it rests with our correspondent in Coventry to say how far they could be relied on. The Author of Reflections on the Currency says his owa opinions on the currency are, that it ought to be regulated by operating upon the rate of interest, and not upon the amount of circulation. Without attempting to tollow his reasonings, we would briefly remark that they contaio nothing new upon the point, and that Mr. Tooke was unable to support the same theory before the committee. The questions and answers at pp. 356 and 357 of the Re port show that it would be impossible to arrest the drain of bullion by means of any rational operation on the rate of interest. Mr. Tooke, in attempting to show that it could be done by such means without diminishing the amount of notes in circulation, was involved in a labyrinth of contradiction, from which he could not escape, and the Author of Reflections on the Currency does not make the theory, which really belongs to Mr. Tooke, and not to him, one iota stronger. It is in accordance with common sense that in proportion as the bullion leaves the Bank the directors ought to diminish the amount of paper which they have in issue convertible into gold. There was not much business doing in the Eng lish Funds to-day, but prices continue to improve. Consols for the opening were quoted at 685 to j in the early part of the day, but towards the close of business the price advanced to 88i to Exchequer Bills were 19. higher, being 3s. to 5s. prem. The Share Market was firm, and South Westerns experienced u further improvement of 10s. per share. This was settling day in the Foreign House, where money was in demand, the rates for which varied trom i to8 per cent., according to the secu rity offered. Since the last settlement the fluctua tions have been somewhat extensive, particularly in Peninsular securities. Spanish Actives, which were then at 23§ to J, advanced to 24J, when, on the matters in dispute between Spain and Portngal being made known, a rapid decline took place to 22J, since which, however, a marked improvement has taken place in the Active Stock, which at one period of the day had advanoed to 25 for money. In Portuguese, the extreme fluctuation was also considerable, amounting to up wards of 2 percent., and in South American from 1J to 2 per cent. Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents, have given way 1 per cent, within the same period. At the opening of the market this morning, Spanish Actives were quoted at 24 to J, buto . some influential parties appearing as buyers, prices gradually improved to 25 to 5, at which they closed firm. In South American Securities, a fur ther improvement took place of nearly J per cent. Consols for the opening closed at 88 to Three per Cents. Reduced, 88J to 9 Three-aad-a-Half per Cent. Reduced, 97 to Bank Stock, 156 to 7 Exchequer Bills, 3s. to 5s. prem. Spanish Actives, 25 to Deferred, 13 to Passive, 6 to Portuguese Five per Cents., 32 ditto Three perCents., 21 to Dutch Five per Cent ., 97 to ditto Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 51 to Belgian, 97 to 8 Colombian, 24 Mexican, 29 to Peruvian, 15 to 10 Brazilian, 70 to 1 J.1 Birmingham old , 81 to83prem. ditto Jshares , 22 to 4 South Western, 50 to 7 per share Great Western, 25 to 6 prem. Manchester and Leeds, 0 to 8 prem. Manchester and Birmingham, 15 to 13 dis. Birmingham and Derby, 28 to 0 dig Gosport Junction, 5 to 6 prem. Brighton, 6 j 0 5 dis. Blackball, 4 to 4 dis. London and Greenwich, 8 to per share. The following were the official quotations in the different markets durinsthe day -ENGLISH FU'DS. LONDON TRADE REPORT. Thursday Evening.-The demand for all k. a , produce is still almost suspended and, in consequent. we have little scope for remark. In the Sugar market rot a single transaction j taken place since Thursday last, and prices remain q nominal but, with so small a stock on hand, ir .at l30 ? be supposed a further decline will take place. W t . cipate some improvement in the course of a few we ' The CorrEE market also remains in a very ti 10 ,, . state the merchants refuse to offer their stock at sent, while the trade appear disposed to hold bark am they can ascertain what quantity of Coffee is yet to coj from the Cape of Good Hope and the few operas-have not produced the least change in prices. Tea meets with a steady demand from the dealers. fall prices are paid. Company's Congou it row Y e -for 2s 1W to 2s ljd per lb cash. The tendenrj 0 market is upward. Tallow has becomo flat, with rather lower r rf , P. Y.C. 47s 3d on the spot. DECREE OF THE GERMAN n !iT AGAINST TRADES' UNIONS Frankfort, Dp, OFFICIAL NOTIFICATION. The following decree of the Supreme German f dcral Diet of the 3d of December, 16441, is, on the rity of the lion. Senate, hereby brought unde.- r ' cognizance. City Chancery, Frank fort.on-the-.Maine, Dec. 22, 1840 THE DECREE. ABOLITION OF THE UNIONS EXISTING AVON MAN WORKING TRADESMEN, AND ABUSES ions,, THEREWITH. The united governments are agreed upon carrvla, into effect uniform measures with respect to such hjn-craftsmen ns by participation in illicit unions of jotrf.T men, jurisdictions of journeymen, strikes, and the ,! malpractices, have offended against the laws of the cu £ . try. Wherefore, I. From such handicraftsmen as may bo guilty m ,- v of the said offeucos in one of the confederate stjv, t whieh they do not belong by domicile shall be taken. Jy trial and punishment, their wanderbucher or trauil,, passes, in which the committed violation of the law rectly described shall be noted, with the allotted pm . ment, and the said wandortucher and travelling pu, fl shall be sent to the authorities of the domiciles it respective journeymen. 2. Such handicraftsmen shall, after undergoing tr r punishment, be transferred, by prescribed route, • states wherein they have their uotr,idles, and shul • ere be detained under strict inspection, in order that ther may not be permitted to obtain employment in ar. other state of the confederacy. Exceptions from this dc ,ii a shall only take place when the government of the doiti. cile. in consequence of the con inued good conduct of i returned handicraftsman, shall be induced to give La i new wanderbucher or travelling pass fur other state,. 3. The governments arc to provide thetnsclvt, , 0 descriptions of the handicraftsmen who, on acco.jt of the aforesaid offence, have bjen sent home, a, to make reciprocal communications respecting th ,, who, by way of exception, are permitted to resun j their travels. 4. The preceding regulations shall be expmsly re-, municatcd to every handicraftsman on the commence. .■ of his travelling period, before bis wanderbucher, or tra velling pass, be delivered to him and that this hisb v dune, must be officially recorded in the register of traiek ling workmen. 5. The promulgation of the present decree sha hr mad in each state of the confederacy, according to it, constitutional forms, and, certification of the same Drug done, shall be returned to the Diet within two mott'a from the date hereof. A journeyman is obliged to travel fer a certain tu ber of years, ,4 tied wurk iu different states, before hr ut set up at horn as a master of hie own trade. Oh tnetmi-nation of his uppreatieesh p hit windetiahrc. train, t years comm nee, und then a wanderl u -Aier travel g bonk , in wtlieh his Hitue ami other particulars R-oeatnii is girai him. COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR-Thursday. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness 1'rince Albert walked for some time this morning on the terrace of tie Castle. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attenJcu U Lady Fanny Howard, took her accustomed exercke. Her Majesty rode out this afternoon in nooptn pa phaeton, which was driven by his Royal Highness IV e Albert. Colonel Wemyss, Mr. Rich, and CapUiu f mour were in attendance. His Royal Highness Prinee Albert hoaourvd Mr. Fusler with an interview this morning, and inspected a tinisr.cd picture and sketch of her Majesty the Quer n Lord and Lady Holland and Sir George Grcj arc ti pected to arrive this evening on a visit. His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambric 1 1 -■ rived at Cambridge-house, Piccadilly at a quarter t .un four o'clock yesterday afternoon, from the ror,tfo r. His Royal Highness after his arrival paid a visi '-V it Duchess of Gloucester, and in the evening dined it Gloucester-house. The Right Hon. T. B. Macaulay has arrived at Hr .'• lands, Hants, on a visit to Viscount aud Vucoasw Palmerston. The Eurl of Minto has left town for his seat. Hawick. Despatches for the Governor'of Ceylon were wot of yesterday, from the Coloniil-offiec. The Marquess of Normanby has returned irb town to his residence in lias tern-terrace.-hr Gazette. By the recent demise of Lord Bruc t - the t son of Lord Elgin, his sister. Lady Mak X Chhisic ' the lady of the memberfor North Lincol l6 ' i re hast ®' ! ,'!f,M i ?T CeS ' i0 a nt0an imaieas - fortuni, apply ing to thirty thousand a year. The Lord Chamberlain h as extended tk H-cencc of the Haymarket Theatre, by wh icl, act of the spirited and able manager 0 f this favourite pV 4 amusement will be enabled j continue his pref tf ' Bank Stock, 157 4 6 per Cent. Red., 9 3 4 per Ct. Red , 97 hi per Cent. New 97 hi x. dir. for opening Loitz Amh m exp. Jan. 5, 1840, 12 15 1C 1J FOREIGN Belgian 5per Cent., 97 6 Colombian fl per Ct. 18Z4, Acc., 24 Mexican 18tf7 Acc., 2V Portuguese 5 p -r Cent. New, sihi Ditto Acc., Ubi Ditto J perCent., kiivj Ditt Acc., dl Spauiflh, 24 4 5 4 bhi , 4 hi RAILWAYS. Bank Rtoek for Aco., 15 Consol for op., 88 Kxctie-juer bill £i,ouu, 2 5 n pm. Ditto£500, 4 2 63pm. Ditto Small, 4 6 pm. FUNDS Sp t a h A c.. 24S 5 vu Ditto Pas ire. 6 4 Pr. Rentes, 4hi per Cti., lOlf. 50c., ♦ X. 25 f. 40c. Dutch 2S per Cent., 51V W Ditto Acc., 51 4 Ditto 5 per Cent., 97 4 Eastern Counties Debentures, 4 Great Western, 93U Ditto New, 52 Ditto Piitbs. 10 M 11 Hull and Selbjr, 42 VJ Loud, nnd Brighton, 44 .'W 4 4 H London and BUckwaU, lb '• London and Birmingham, 171 MISCELLANEOUS. i ondon Joint stock Bank, l i Union bunk of London. 10 Loud, and Firm. Shares, 27 Ditto New Shares, 49 4 London andOreeMwicU New, 16 4 Ditto Scrip, t Loud. South Western, 5 ! V. South-Eastern ond Dover. 12 4 York nod North Midland, c PORTUGUESE BONDS. T the EDITOR of the MORNING CHRONICLE. Stu-1 have road with much satisfaction your remarks of Tuesday on the subject of the meeting to be held on the 6th of January, and being an interested party, I can not but repudiate the language in which the same is sum. moned as much more likely to defeat than benefit the welfare of the stockholders. It is confessedly notorious that Portugal is poor, labouring under the u ual disad-vantage of a restoration, and it is rather too hasty to tax her with dishonour or dishonesty becaase she finds herself temporarily compelled to forego her pavments, without dispassionately looking to th circumstances of her posi-tion. Just immerged out of revolution, with a disquieted people, and charter ill-defined-cheeked in progress of improvement by repeated outrages of popular violence and her finances expended lay necessary measures for aonsolidating the public peace and security-threatened on one side for a ectilemeet of British claims, and menaced by Spain on the other upon the Douro question, she claims our forbearance rather than censure, at the present time more especially. I have carefully perused the de cree for resumption of payment of the foreign debt, and I cessful season beyond the 15th proximo, at which he must have otherwise l W i his doors. Ihe Queen ha' , een pleased to appoint 8if uioi.As Harris ..kolas, Chancellor and Senior k 3 Coinni.aoacr 0 f the Most Distinguished Order of ' .j , jt. George, to he a Knight Grand Cross • - i said ord er. Changeling.-Oh Tuesday last, an occur ' ' of an extraordinary nature came to the kuowledgv 01 inhabitant, of Wh ddnn, near Rainhill. In the court c -the day a plain-looking woman, with a child in her walked fato the Hanging Birch, a small beer-shop ■ Whiddon, and called for a glass of ale. This rcqufF addressed to the female who kept the house, who. s'- l! time, wa. busily employed preparing a batch of bread for the oven. She immediately abandoned her then occuP ' tion to wait upon her customer, and went down stvr draw the beer, leaving hor own infant in the era ' t asleep On her return from the cellar, the Undiady surpri.-e may be conceived at finding her custoiw vanished, without waiting for the liquor she kaJ b ' tn t0 Hi® trouble of drawing. The abrupt d p r - u '' of her guest caused no suspicion at the monied 0 anything being wrong, as ever thing, on her re turn from below stairs, appeared just as she hi- e . little while, however, a discovery took j A which nearly deprived the poor woman ef herrei 3 and might have led to consequences not easily fo' 0 ' Fh® child in the cradle having become resth'-' notifying by loud screams that the attention of would be desirable, the mother stooped to take ' her arms, when-who can describe the si 14 0 , . feelings-she found the infant quite black 'V . h Thinking it was labouring under strong convul ' ! ' '!. po-ted off for medical assistance in a state of m ' bordering on distraction. The medical man. on be consulted, declared that nothing on earth 1 ' ter with the child, it being as ho' 1 . babe as hail lately come uoder his inspect' 00 , as for the darkness of its face, it u P ' ' 'V by natural causes, the fact being that the cM ' born black, for no other reason than because i 11 f ° gei.itor must have been of the same colour. Thet' of the nutter instantly flashed across the tniu • ' unhappy woman, and the conclusion was, that it' sweet babe had been carried off by the strut 1 man, who had substituted this precious pi 1,1 ebony hue-a black child, on the principle .b 1 ' change is no robbery.'' The hue and cry v.as i 5 ' ' 7 . raised, but without leading to the discovr ry '. t petrator of this wanton and cruel outrage. It that a souse of shame induced bv a n illicit c 0 ™ ., nion of the female with a niau of ci jour ina-t , e • the cause of her practising th , ingenious Tha young darky, who was , the genuine smut, and would rival In ustre Morisons Japau, was immediately packed 0 ff to the hut where, we believe, the jigger still remains, • •lender hopes of paterai,ty Liverpool Tow- ■' ' Morning Chronicle Office, EDITj EXTRAOKDIfl DURESS FKOM BUDGET OF THE MINISTER Oi Wchave received by extraordmerv a full report of the important 2 a n, the French finance minister,! £ budget for the year, which we giv. Paris, Wp.d.ne-jj Hum ann then rose and said -Gentlemen, the Kiog has ordered ns tel b badget of expenditure anduissant mode of II , r °l do us under present circums'.an! public credit and aids the Tfi 'it ? STS SSnps
[OCR_aligned] Pi TMB MORNING CHRONICLE, FRIDAY JANUARY 1. Morning Chronicle Office, Seven o'clock. SECOND EDITION. UNITED SIAI ES. EXPRESS FROM LIVERPOOL. ONE DAY LATEK FROM THE UNITED STATES. Liverpool, Thursday Evening. Tit. wiud to-day having veer.d round to the north we.t. aeverul vessel@ which had been detained in the channel made their way into jiort. and amongst them the Independence, the New York packet ship of the 10th instant. She has brought a New York paper of a day later than those received by the Great W estern, namely, to the evening of the 10th, but it does not contain the expected message from the President in consequence of the great snotv storm, a sufficient number of members had not assembled to form a quorum on the usual day of meeting, the 7th , but as the roads were ex@acted to be more passable in a few days, it may be expeeted by the next arrival the houses would continue to adjourn trom day to day, until a majority of the whole enabled them to pro@ ceed to business. There is not much of importance in the papers we have received, but we annex the report of the Mo@ ney Market -MONEY MARKET. Mlonesday, Die. 9, Six p.m.-The Great Western sailed to-day at one o'clock, with a full freight-ff 102,00@ in specie-70 passengers-a letter bag yielding ft 1,100 at the Exchange, and probably 81,400 at the agent's office. She could not wait longer for the I'resident's Message. It will be seen, therefore, that the movement in specie still goes forward, in the face of resumption here. By the steamer and the other packets this week, nearly 41400,000 specie has gone to Europe. I his fact, at the beginning of the winter season, when steam navigation will be nearly closed for three months, begins to alarm bankers in connection with the sub@ ne@t of specie payments at Philadelphia. In summer a ready supply could bo imported from Europe, but this is not so easily effected in mid w inter. The resumption of the Philadelphia banks, on the 16th of January, if not sooner, which is now generally an@ uounoed and believed, does not seem to give any unima. fiou to the markets generally-indeed the reverse is felt. In the stock market a general fall has taken place, vary@ ing fro@nt to 2 per cent. Money is also scarce and dearer. .SALES AT THE STOCK EXCHANGE. TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OK THE BOROUGH OP Walsall. OlSTLiaBS. j. 0 , _ _oroush confideM-e on 'tire undivided indi leaio'us support . •™2,Sftilie° tirtore b !in ! warty. 1 liaie no completed a perso ran M or the elec and I regret to sav, that In man - .n@uances -hare I had @oery .reason to expect prompt and c#r J 1 neutrality, or decided .. i n£'f£m C Th. 1 AnU-ci™ tow uSS • 10 'oppow lie, and oDooaition Pad destroyed my chance of beinir returntd us your R pr seMaLTe?? l j d . . S thr Liberal interat. Nothine but a tir.a ormcuon of be ho-el.wn.-. of success, foundad upon these oh. Sis would have induced me to relinquish my prospects of repre@-sentins four Boronth. hot I am now persuaded, that any coet@muanre of this atrugale In the nressnt state of Parties, would only Injure the cause to which I am pledtfed. it. retiring from the p. bed to return my most AAHIEn'T had the honour of first addressing V offsnnd myself a CANDIDSTFlo represent this in the Cainmor. House of Parliament, I, 1 cl 'of Ural ■ '■ dlv H d MtupU ed a' wn ranrasa of?he° lsclo ,I, many instances where I had e.ery rea cardial -uppert, I have met with either lukewarm led OI,DOS.Iiou. In addition ts these discouraging sVehK a counter the avowed hostility of the contest optf ut muni .i.j _ J _ those honest Sd consistent Liberals who hare rendered me air able assistance and support. I hare the honour to be. dent re ea, s PP n fg j,hr u , obedient, and humble aervsnt, Wallsall, Tuesday Erening. 8PENCER LYTTELTON. 16,000 Philad Kxch 984 6,000 - do 18 •AMMl Illinois Sixes 781 60 shasMerchantBk 111 120 do Mechanic Bk 102 60do YicksburgBk c 12 76 do do olg 84 til do Am Ex Bk 92 26 do Farmers Trust 86 ,' 76 do N AmTrust thw28j do 60 do do 160 do 166 do 1 Com 102 50 do Bcs Prov 60d 93 ■200 do Del Hud 90d 84 40 da N Jersey R 76 160 do L Island R 53 60 do Stoning b30 27 190 do do 86m 56 126 do do e 27 15 do Manhat Gas 86 100 do do 27 15 do do 84 60 do Harlem b30 39 12 do Syracuse K 123 775 do do 39 23 do Patterson R 53 200 do Canton Co. 26 i PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. THE INFANT SAPPHO.-COSMORAMA@-ROOM8s £09. REGENT-STREET, under the immediate Patronage of her MAJESTY.-The Nobility, Gentry, a@d Public are mo t respectfully informed, the highly-rifted child, LOUISA VINNINO, feHr@years of ace, will have the honour of giving TWO EVENING CONCERTS, via. This Evbnino, Jan. 1, and Monday, Jan. 4, at the above rooms. Admittance is. Reserved seats, 2 . each, to be had at Me@an.@Cramer@and@Co@Je, 201, Regent-street. The EVENING EXHIBITIONS, as well as MORMNO.of the ROYAL POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION, during the Christmas holi lays, are adapted fer the younger class. The ad@ ditional Theatre. Apaitmeuts. and Galleries extend to the number of TWENTY-SEVEN, in which are depesited SIXTEEN HUNDRED WORKS, displaying the most eminent art. acier.ce, and ingenuity, one-third of which are new to the visitor@ the Lecture, the varied and beautiful experiments, and the Micrescope. Open from Half-past 'Ten to Five o'clock Evening trom 8ev m to.Half-p@Mt Ten e tclock. -Admission la. A Band of Mualc. Annual Subacrlptlon.arofrenitU 1st Janaary. The extensive laboratory is@open @@@pupils. j nj Chem.at conducts assays and analyses. A Prospectus of the Schoo1 for the Practical Education of Engine Drivers can be had of the Secretary. A new edition of the Catalogue@@@@. SPLENDID EXHIBITION. The ROYAL SCENASCOPE@ the Scenic Metamorphoses, the Microscope, and oUier aoveltn s El@wt@ncal Experiinenti, Glaea-blawing, Combu-t@MH of Steel, dteem Gun, will be repeated aa frequently asj.oaaible during thft iiav for the accommodation of the visitors the Pola@nscope will be shown@by@@@ B. Clarke, and a double Fire cloud will be exhibited @t four o'clock in the Long Room the Electrical Eel, Walton's fard-making Machine, Stevens' Gas-making Apparatus, Braithwaite's new Cooking Stove, Ackermann's Gallery of Prints, Pictures, Statu@ ary@ Music, .Models, die. ficc.-Admission, Is. Catalogues, tid. rot'o Half-past Ten till Four daily. APOLLONICON.-To-morrow Mr. Purkis@will perform a SELECTION of MUSIC on the APOLLONICON, in which will he nitroduced-Overtures, 'Agnesc and • Beige of Rochelle Cavatina. Dt Placer@Duet, Ah. Perdona Glee, The Chough mid CrowPol area, I Puritani@Song, Auld Robin Gray Ballad, .. The Hunter of Tyrol@a@8electi6n@of German Waltzes, and 'Gou save the Queen.'' The mechanical powers of the Instrument will commen@t the perforruace with Motart's Overture to Figaro, and conclude with Weber's Overture to Der Freyschu@U.-At the Rooms of Robeon and Son, Organ-builders, 101, St. Martin s lane. Com@ mencing at Two o'clock. Admittance, is.-N.B. The.Performances will be continued every Saturday. such a convention, or if they did, that they could execute it. The day has gone by when provinces and population on the Rhine can be bargained away or sold. The Rhanish provinces are at this moment strongly German and Prussian, and under the pro@ tection of the united patriotism of the German race, which will not see its patrimony or its importance it Europe diminished. The French, we will be hound to say, are not able to wrest a rood of land from the Germans, now that the Germans have got, like the French, popular senti@ ment, and a national feeling. Therefore Russia has not the power to give away the Rhine. Neither lias France the power, any more than the will, to give away Constantinople. Alliances of the kind, therefore alliances of conquest and partition , are out of date, and out of possibility and so are coalitions, except in defence of rights, and in opposi@ tion to absurd and arrogant pretensions. When Count Mole's small coterie, and smaller organs, then, menace us with Franco-Russian alliance, we know full well it is merely words they utter. When the opposition papers of France tell us that the Court and King of the French are leaning to Russia, and that England had better take care of itself, we laugh at the shallow manoeuvre. 'We wish sincerely to see a better understanding between France and Russia, as between France and Europe but we cannot be in the least either jealous or alarmed even at a whole volume of benevolent notes addressed by Count Nesselrode to the Tuile@ries. We this day lay before our readers important additional information respecting the case of Mr. Hill, in the Ecclesiastical Court of Exeter, and the resolutions agreed on at a meeting on Monday last in Monmouth, with regard to the case of Sabah Young. Mr. Millett has supplied us with the opinion given by Dr. Addams in the case of Mr. Hill, from which it will be seen that the omnipotence of Parliament, to use the well-known expression, is impotence in regard to the Ecclesiastical Courts. Parliament may pass an act, prohibiting courts from IN is couivt'lled to announce that. although Hies. .exhibitions alt'ii. Croups and Tableaux .re nightly crow ding his rooms with visitors, they must cease .Iter a few .vening. more, on account ol the injury which is nightly done to his Iudian wardrobe, which con@-stituies so important a part of his collection.-Admission, Is. Stovr# ate in use in both rooms. 25 do do 2h sluts Vicksburg 26 do Mech Bk Ass •26 do Canton 26 do do 75 do do 0 do Del and Hud 52 100 do do 23 SECOND BOARD. s30 13 26 do S A Trust blO 28-1 81 •24 24 s30 24 nw 84 26 do do 28j 160 do do s3 28 60 do Harlem b30 39 60 do L Island s.'IO 56 SPAIN. MADRID, Dec. 22. erou our own correspondent. The order and Instructions for the new elections have been issued to-day by the Minister of the Interior. On the first of the new t ear the provincial deputations are'to pioceed to the division of their respective provinces into electoral districts, consulting exclusively in t@@@ 1 8 the convenience of the electors, and advertising them of the divisions adopted on the Oth of the same month in the official bulletin. On the 8th the lists of the voters are to be posted up for the term of fifteen days in the usual public places. All reclama@ tions with respect to the right of voting are to be decided iby the 26th of the month, and communicated to the cor. porations before the 30th, iti order that the lists may be rectified. On the 1st of February the elections are to commence, and to be conducted in the manner prescribed by the Electoral Law. On the 12th of said month the general scrutiny is to take place in the capital of each province and the result immediately communicated to the Minister of the Interior. The number of new sena@ tors to be elected at the same time is 46, and 241 depu@ ties, with 100 suplentes or substitutes. Nothing could be fairer thau tho instructions of the minister to the autho@ rities for conducting those elections. In a separate pa@ ragraph, addressed to the political chiefs, he states as fol@ lows - . , ' On the first of the new year, as soon as the provincial deputations are installed in office, the proceedings prepa@ ratory to the election of senators and deputies are to be commenced. The accompanying order of the Provisional Regency of the kingdom will iuform you of the measures which they have adopted for carrying the electoral law into effect and if • the nation was never con@-aulted in more critical circumstances than the present, it is the more necessary that the people should huve the most complete freedom in exercising their electoral rights. It is but right and necessary that a Cortes called to de@ cide upon questions of vital impertance to the country should fairly represent it for without this the govern@ ment can neither acquire strength, proceed in a firm course of policy, or effect the good of the people, as their present situation und the errors of their former rulers re@ quire. Without the most complete freedom ol election it would be in vain to seek these advantages.' I need not proceed with the remainder of these in@ structions, which are totally free front those objections so oftcu witnessed und complained of in former documents of this description. If we are to judge from the elections of corporations and provincial depurations which have just terminated, the contest cannot be very great, or doubtful I mean, of coarse, as to the majority being of the liberal party. While alluding to @dec@-lions, 1 may observe that you will sec in the opposition pipers of Madrid much noise made ..bout the paucity of electors in the municipal and depu@-iitiouul elections. Some of them, indeed, go so far as to ,nfer from this fact, that the persons elected cannot re@ present the opinions of the people, because the whole population did not turn out and put themselves to the wery absurd trouble of voting where there was no contest. If I have not been too long out of England to forget its usages in these matters, no one there, I believe, would say that a member of Parliament did not represent his constituents because there was no contest to induce the whole or a majority to go through the 'o.-tn of giving their votes. On the contrary, the ab@-aeneff of a contest, or of actual voting, would be taken as a proof of the unanimity of popular suffrage, and the@com-nWncss of popular representation. 5 et you will find that the Absolutist statistical gentlemen of the Madrid and Paris opposition press will assume exactly the con@ trary@ and declare that the new deput.es will no@ represent fhc people, should there be no contests. At all events tt tes@U wTl, writers ol this schoo@ to show good reason why their political friends or party do not takc part in the.e elections. I have given the@'rue reasons of tins in former lettert, ami need not repeat them. . . Our intelligence from Portugal, with respect to ttK Douro question, continues to be sufficiently warlike and ridiculous. The noise about levies and mounting old cannon is truly appalling and absurd. Hut these good people would appear to have gaiued in national pride and soreness what they have lost of ancient and solid greatness. It wouid be hard to say, indeed, whether the absurdity of the imprudent threats of tSpaln. or of the idle preparations of defence of Portugal, be the greatest. From Badajos we have news that the Portuguese had actually ceased to visit that place, and that forts were being repaired at Elvas amt along the frontier. 1 presume there is much village alarm and misrepresentation in all we hear about the matter just as there is about a few regiments being i-an'oncd in Toledo and Talavera-a measure which I believe h@@ no connection whatever with any intention ol se idiug tro, - ' 0 ut0 Portugal. The Five per' IVn@U. nave again declined to-day, the selling price being @@• @as ,. Some operations were even effected lower after 'he regular business had closed. HOLIDAY AMUSEMENTS in the EGYPTIAN HALL -Tin NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN MUSEUM, Open Day liwno • FDsuREs ii full Vndg 'to tumes -jl Mr. entpr,uinin g suits for tith s under £10, but catlin is comiwiiea w snnounce ihsL ujnni h itrew.M UMttoii. jf they choos? to entertain suits for a smaller sum than £10, a party can only have the benefit of the prohibition by appearing to the citation, and then the iniquitous court refuses to allow him his costs, which are always high. In bringing before the House of Commons, in 1839, his motion respecting Ecclesiastical Courts, Mr. Hawes observed, that ft was often extremely difficult to ascertain over what description of causes any particular Ecclesiastical court operated, and much inconvenience resulted from this uncertainty. In the majority of the peculiar courts, and perhaps in all, there neither were nor could be efficient and experienced judges, officers, advocates, or prac@ titioners, the emoluments being too small, and the number of causes too few, to ensure those requisites for the due administration of justice. The consequence was, that no confidence was r@t posed in these tribunals and delay arose, and expense was incurred in applying for letters of request, and in resorting to other means of escaping the jurisdiction. As a proof of ignorance, Dr. Lushinoton stated that the practitioners of one of these ecclesiastical courts did not know that an ap@ peal lay from its jurisdiction. But all this ignorance is displayed at the expense of the unfortunate persons subject to the jurisdiction. The Court' may, through its ignorance, put a party to great trouble and ex@ pense but the Court itself is vested with impunity. The Court itself may be composed of a knot of clergymen having the same interests as the suitor, and suits may he entertained, in the very teeth of an act of Parliament prohibit@ ing them but though it may be obvi@ ous that the suits are entertained for the purpose of obtaining incomes to the members of the court and the practitioners, through enormous costs, yet corrupt motives cannot be brought home to any one. If the members of these tribunals avoid doing what no man not a downright idiot would think of doing, they may perpetrate all sorts of iniquity with im@ punity. We remember, in the case of an ac@ tion brought against an inferior tribunal, hearing Lord Tenterden observe, that errors of THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHI.-New Grand judges ought to be viewed with indulgence-that Onilc Christmas Pantomimr, Tower of London, and Burlesque • . . . ,, , ,, . ... this evukiko win h performed the Drama of 11 was more important that they should act with Dt? 1 El r f V ■ ne Y- Dam en.l XX A..AM Aha- U a -a I A - 14 1 confidence on the opinion they entertained, than that OPERA.-To conclude with the Graad Comic Christmas Pantomime, .t-.lJ L , , r . .. . called harlequin and the enchanted HisH or, The G.ni JiMtice should be paralyzed from hesitation and of the Bra@ien Bottle. Clown, Mr. Wieland Harlequin, Mr. Eltar ., . , . Paatuioou, Mr. Kins Columbine. Miss Butiin. anxiety respecting the consequences of their deci sions. In the case of judges, like those of our su@ perior courts, under the eye of an intelligent Bar and public, a charitable construction of conduct can be productive of little injury but in such dens of iniquity as the Ecclesiastical Courts of the coun@ try confessedly are, the doctrine of Lord Tentrrden of which they would be allowed to avail themselves , must give impunity to the most revolting injustice. Mr. Hawes's resolution, that the inferior eccle@ siastical courts should be abolished without delay, was carried, but they still exist, to the great oppres@ sion of the community. They may know that they PANORAMA, LEICESTER, SQUARE.-Pa norama of DAMASCUS. LEICESTER-SQUARE.-Now OPEN • npleuaid VIEW of DAMASCUS, line of@the most ancient cities ot the Fast. It embraces ea ry object ol importance in the city a@bo the Plain the Scene ef the Con@@maion@of St. Paul the Street called Straight, where the Apostle remained during hi@ blindness with an extensive view ol the surrounding country. Also open the VIEW of MACAO, in China, with the Bay of the fy-pa, her Majesty s ahipa Velage@and Hyacinth, Chinese Junks, 4cc.-Admittance to each View, Is. Books 6d. each.-N.B. The circles are warmed for the season, MAGIC CAVE.-FIVE NEW VIEWS.-The onlv Subterraneous Exhibition in London, in which may be seen SIXTEEN beautiful COSMORAMIC VIEWS@ by eminent artists, which are so well arranged that they give the spectator a better idea of the scenes before him than anything short of nature can possibly produce.-Open from Eleven in the morning until Ion at night, at the Lowtner Bazaar, 36, Strand. Ad mi salon 6d. THEATRE ROYAL DRURY-LANE.-CON@ CERTS D'lIlVER.-Conductor, Mr. Eliaaon.-Programme for This Evening.-Part I. Overture to Goethe's celebrated Tragedy of Faust Lindpaintner. Aurora, Vaises Labitzky. Quadrille. Le Gothique Mustard. Medley Scotch Overture, Guy Man@ur@ ing Bishop. Second Grand Fantasia from the Opera •• Les Hugue@ nots, Meyerbeer. Lecke@N celebrated Music to Macbeth. -Part II. Overture, Der Freyschutz C. M. Von Weber. The Telegraph, or Musical Gleanings being a Grand Pot-pourri, by Strauss. Swiss Air, with variations, Concertina, Mr. Case. Overtare, Le Cheval de Bronze Auber. Vaises, Brusiler Spitzen Strauss. Quadrille, 1 Puritan@!Musard. Gallop, Camille, Trumpet 80I0, Herr Muller Musard.-Prices ol admission to the Promenade, Is. Dress Circle, as. @d. Upper Boxes, is. 6d. Lower Gallery Is. Visit@ ors to the Boxes have the privilege of passing to and Irom the Prome@ nade.-Doors open atllali-uaat Seven, performance to commence at Eight precisely. 4 THEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GAItDEN. This Evening will be presented THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR. Sir John Faletatf, Mr. Bartley Justice Shallow, Mr. K. Matthews Master 8Iender, Mr. C. Mathews Mr. Ford, Mr. Cooper Mrs. Ford, Mrs. Niabett Mr . Page, Madame Vestria Ann Page, Miss Kuinforth Mrs. Quickly, Mrs. C. Jones. To conclude with the Grand Christmas Pantomime, eutitled THE CASTLE OF OTRANTO or Harlequin and the Giant Helmet. Har@ lequin, Mr. C. J. Smith Pantaloon, Mr. Morelli Clown, Mr. Ridg@@-nj Columbine, Miss Farebrother. To-morrow, Midsummer Night's Dream, and the Pantomime. THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-This Evening will be performed the new and original Comedy called MONEY. Lord Glossmore, Mr. F. Vining Sir John Vesey, Bart., Mr. Strickland Sir Frederick Blount, Mr. W@ Lacy Mr. Benjamin Stout, M.@P., Mr. D. Rees Evelyn, Mr.@Macready Graves, Mr.@Webster Captain Dudley Smooth, Air. Wrench Sharpe, Mr. Waldron Toke, Mr. Oxberry Lady Franklin, Mrs. Glover Miss Georgina Vesey, Miss P. Horton Clara Douglas, Miss H. Faucit. After which THE LADIES' CLUB. Mrs. Fiti6myth the Chair@ woman , Mrs. Glover Captain Fitxsmyth, Mr. Oxberry. To conclude with TOM THUMB. Torn Thumb, Master G. Webster. To-morrow, Money, with The Ladies'@Club, and Tom Thumb. THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA@-HOUSE@- SOIREES MU8ICALEB. -Thj8 Evbning-Overture, Masaniello Chorus, Semiramide Duet, Whence this soft and pleasing flame Miss Nunn and Mr. Frazer Ballad, The one we love Mr. Frazer Aria, Il@Postiglione Big. Paltonl Chorus, Viva Henrico Overture, Gazza Ladra Aria, Non piu Andrei Signor Giubilei and Chorus Duo, Dunque-io-aon Miss Nunn and Signor Paltoni Song Young Soldiers Mr. Frazer Romance on the Cornet a Pistons, Laurent, jun. Ballad, The Old Oak Tree Miss Nunn Trio, Papataci Frazer, Paltoni, a@m Giubelei Quadrilles, La Victoria and Gais Loisirs Galop. Solo on the Oboe by Mr. Keating. Eighty Vocal and Instrumental Performers, under the direction of Signor Negri.-Admission to the Parterre, is. to the Balcony, 'Js. Private Boies, £1 Is, Commences at Eight. of the metropolis, and of obtaining it legal prohibi tion of the most unwholesome custom of burying in crowded localities. The administrators of the new Poor-law have made a beginning of those measures of sanatory police which have long been so much needed. We fear they will achieve no very material improvement without an amended Building Act, more comprehensive in its provisions, and more stringent in its penalties. It will be contended that the rights of property forbid any interference with those sink, of filth and sources of dis@ ease which disgrace the metropolis, and per@ petually endanger the health of its inhabitants. Nor can any change be efficient which allows the continued accumulation of dead and decaying bodies in vaults under the churches where congrega@ tions assemble for worship, or in churchyards which are surrounded by dwelling-houses, and keep the smell of the dead for ever in the nostrils of the living. These masses of corruption are centres from which disease and death radiate. They are batteries against human existence, and sometimes their cross fire leaves little chance of escape. There i, a neighbourhood, for instance, between Clare Market and the Strand, hemmed in by no less than four of these malignant receptacles. It is, as might be expected, frequently visited by aggravated forms of typhus fever. The permanence of disease amongst the poor of St. Giles's and Whitechapel, in part occasioned by the wretched condition of the living, is also in part owing to the loathsome accu@ mulation of the dead in the churches and churchyards of these parishes. Similar in stances might be multiplied. The practice of burying under churches, aud in grave yards in populous neighbourhoods is a pestilential nuisance morons wrecks in the Black Sea. We have already re ceived accounts of the loss of eighteen Greek vessels, three English, und a much greater number of Austrians, Sirdinians, and Neapolitans. Even in the channel seven were c@ut away. Lieutenant-Colonel de Philippovich anil Captain Count Szeehvyni were on board the Seri rervas during the storm. .... The Malii Times of the 17th ult. supplies us with the following naval intelligence The ships of the line, Thunderer, Implacable, and Edinburgh, and Dido corvette, were lying in Marmorice MONEY MARKET AND CITY NEWS. THURSDAY. Our correspondent in Coventry will reply to the letter we huve publishe ! to-iUy, on the subject ot the Bank averages and exchanges@ from the Author of Reliection, on the Currency. @e suspect, however, that the latter w@dl discover that he has mistaken the principles on which he supposes that our Coventry correspondent founded hl8 , J U lations. Had the Author of Reflections on the must say the properly of the bondhaldars is inviolable recognised to the full extent of principal and intermit and. in addition to the original securities, we now h 4 e no doubt hold on the best sources of revenue-the customs of @@j bon and Oporto and such was the moral obligation @@Uj by the Chambers, that, without discussion, the g0ve _ ment was authorised to negotiate as they bev c , u j.' itliout delay, and without making special provision@ o' . .i L _1 C .li. blnn.l rs -sl r in onn.a.i r.t .tt i ' ' Bay on tho 24 h ult., where wore expected the Princes. Mat,ons. Hail the Autnor o, Charlotte from Beyrout, and th@ Calcutta, Britannia, and Currency paid proper attention to the short ex-■lottc from Beyrout, and the Calcutta, Britannia,r . he must e, from Malta. The Britannia, 120. Capt. Drake, planation which we gave of the on j ent - 9 the flag of Rear-Admiral Sir J. A. Ommaney, and have seen that in the first instance our corresp results were not deduced from the averag p order the half dividend now io course of diseh@@, r Three years and a half have passed without receiving a ' sensible relief, and, the moment a disposition is sho@@ @@@repair the injuries sustained, the government is a-. a ' 4 by language the most intemperate, and conduct ve@@ j' grateful. I hope very few will be found to recognise the p-or,, , ings likely to emanate from such announcement, but r@@ ., assume tho gentlemanly bearing and quiet persever@@@e of Mr. Thornton, whose exertions have been really @j valuable to the service, and by whom alone we are r j 1 ,' in our comparatively bettered condition. I am, sir, most obediently vours, Preston, Dec. 3 , 1840. A 'BONDHOLpy n Howe, with the flag _. - . Howe, 120, Captain Sir W. O. Pell, arrived In port lest . erB i uniuwu - - - - , , night from England. Sir Woodbine Parish arrived Here li,hed in the Gazette, but that they were dertveu on the 11th in the Grest Liverpool steam-ship, accom- j r8m Weekly Statements, published in ' panied by his two daughters and son, and by Major Appendix to tha report of the committee on banks Charters, R.A., appointed secretary to the commission. 0 f jj9ue _ verv important tables areon. The publication of Tkt Alomxno Chrmitlt finished yesterday morning at Eight o'clock. THE MORNING CHRONICLE. LONDON FRIDAY, JANUARY @, 1841. The Finance Minister, M. Humann, presented on Wednesday the budget of 1842. The ordinary and extraordinary expenses are esti@ mated at 1,316 millions of francs. The ordinary revenue is estimated at 1,162 mil- are flying in the face of an Act of Parliament but lions, which leaves a deficit of 104 millions ol francs they know that the oppressed party can only secure six millions sterling . himself by an outlay which renders submission to The Minister demanded permission of the Chamber bis wrong the more prudent course. They feel that The Karl of Wkst more land has been slightly in@ disposed since Ttiuriday last, but is now nearly recovered. His lordship has. in conssquenve, discontinued his dinner parties, but will resume them to-utorrow, on which day the noble lord will enter his 82d year, having been born on the 1st of January, 17 jih-Brighton Gazette. to create rentes, if necessary, for a capital of 450 mil lions of francs. But as the treasury has still a reserve of 120 millions, the creation of these rentes is not ur@ gent. Th# Minister will wait for favourabl# cir@ cumstances, and demands the power of fixing the time and rate of issuing a loan. The Minister declared that, believing in the con@ tinuance of peace, he did not intend to suspend the public works of peace, but would demand a credit for them. Both the Courrier Frangais and Cunstitutionnel of Wednesday reject the advances, or supposed ad@ vances, of Russia, contained in the reported note of Count Nesselrode. To do justice to these Liberal organs, if their hurt pride directs their animosity against England, an older aud more deeply-rooted sentiment dictates resentment against, and mistrust of, Russia. Yet, if Russia display no more ambi@ tion than she has done in the late events, we do not see why she is to be depicted as the Jee, fau,@Jum of the West. The great, the dangerous, cause of quar@ rel, enmity, and mutual distrust hitherto, between the nations of Europe, has been the doubt and dark@ ness wkioh rested upon so many questions. But, one by one, these are clearing up. Tea years back Russia@might have hoped to be able@to@swallow@up@Con@-stantinople, without exciting the jealousies, or,@at least, the opposition of the rest of Europe. France, till very lately, conceived the possibility of converting Egypt, Syria, and Arabia into a new empire, to be governed in the sphere of French ideas. Neither of these schemes is feasible, simply because the world is too much awake. The Levant was a terra incognita twenty years ago, where any Power almost might plant its standard. Now, any accession of territory or influence there would excite almost as much difficulty and danger as similar ambition on the Elbe or the Rhine. Had England any ambi@ tion or selfish views, or did any English statesman entertain such for her, these are checked and cut short by ttie late events quite as much as the am@ bition of other Powers. Exclusive advantages in the Levant are bow not to be sought or obtaintd by the Powers of Europe. What an immense gua@ rantee of peace is there in this addition to the public law and right of Europe ! We feel that any plot or alliance for the purpose of setting aside this public right, aud breaking through the laws of Europe, is first of all not to be dreaded as possible,@nor, were it possible, could it be successful. The French jour • nalists, who idly talk and none but journalists do talk of it of an alliance between France ami Russia, mean an alliance the result of which would be France taking the frontier of the Rhine, and Russia taking Constantinople. Now, we do not believe that any French and Russian statesmen wo3ld sign they are vested with impunity. Parliament cannot protect the people from courts de@ termined to set it at defiance, trusting to the difficulty of distinguishing between venial and criminal fallibility. The only remedy worth any@ thing is to abolish such courts root and branch. In the resolutions agreed on at the Monmouth meeting, it is stated that the Ecclesiastical Court of Llandaff, which has been in the habit of issuing citations for small amounts of tithe, has displayed a want of respect for the laws of our country, and ex@ ercised a power dangerous to the liberty of the sub@ ject, which ought not to pass with impunity. But we suspect this and every other Ecclesiastical Court acting with the same barefaced disregard of the law, may count on impunity. This opinion we deliver with due hesitation but, as the conduct of the Court of Llandaff has excited much indignant feeliDg in Monmouth and the parts of the county adjacent, and a subscription ha9 been set on foot to enable the Widow Young to obtain redress, if redress is to be had, it is not impossible that the point will be de@ cided respecting which we are in doubt. If any degree of iniquitous practice, short of barefaced cor@ ruption brought home to a judge, can serve as a ground for punishment, it is to be found in the prac@ tice of the Ecclesiastical courts. In the Plympton Papers, published some time ago by the Camden Society, a curious light is thrown on the conduct of Empson and Dudley, who, it appears, played very different parts from what might be inferred from the statements re@ specting them in our common histories. These gentlemen, like the practitioners in our Ecclesiasti@ cal Courts, proceeded according to law. They had the same objects in view, the acquisition of plunder, but yet they set law less at defiance than the Ecclesiastical Courts have done. To be sure, they flew at higher game than Widow Young, and the other unfortunate cottagers caged by the Bishops' Court of Llandaff, and hence their death@ less renown. No man in England can long hope to oppress the rich with impunity. Excessive fines and excessive bail figure conspicuously in the Bill of Rights, though, in comparison to the incomes of the parties, heavier fines and heavier bail@ than those which led to the clause in the Bill of Rights are of every day occurrence in our police courts. But nothing can be too heavy for a poor man, and nothing too light for a grandee. The late attack by the Times on the Abney Ceme@ tery, although it thinly veiled the most sordid and intolerant purposes by an affected zeal for sanctity nd security, will render good service should it occasion the direction of public attention to the ne@ cessity of multiplying cemeteries beyond the bounds Conveyed to cemetery grounds, such as have been recently established, the abodes of the dead would minister both to bodily and mental health, instead of diffusing contagion. The great obstacle to the provision of further ac@ commodation of this description is in the inordinate claims and intolerable assumptions of a portion ot the clergy. The Kensal Green Cemetery has to pay five shillings to the incumbent of every parish from which a corpse is brought for interment in a brick grave, and Is. 6d. if it be put in a common grave in the open ground. If the body he brought from Marylebone, there is an additional tax for the well@-known rector of 2s. 6d., which is called the Spry tax. From this ground alone, the clergy have re@ ceived upwards of £2,000, for no duty done, and with no reason whatever, except that people die in their parishes. The Higbgate Cemetery is sub@ jected to the same extortion, with this difference-that Kensal-green is only taxed on behalf of incum@ bents of parishes situate both within the bills of mor@ tality and the diocese of London while Highgate pays toll to all within five miles of the cemetery@ The Westminster Cemetery, at Kensington, is com@ pelled to pay, for every corpse, ten shillings to the clergyman of the parish of tha deceased, and one shilling to the clerk and the extortion extends to a circle of twenty miles in diameter. We have men@ tioned these grounds in the order in which the acts of Parliament were obtained. In that order has the imposition been augmented. Every new bill has been obstructed by a demand of more money. The Abney Park Company Las resisted, and not before it was high time. They have found other means for obtaining sanctity and security than by submission to such growing rapaciiy. The result shows they were right and we rejoice to see, by Mr. Collison's interesting book on Cemetery Interment, that the episcopalian funerals, in this beautiful ground, are more than two to one as compared with those of dissenters. It is a strange claim, this assumption of clerical property in corpses. The connection is net obvious between a cure of souls and a poll-tax on carcases. The Romish priest, granting his doctrine, is properly paid for praying a spirit out of purgatory, but the Protestant priest is paid when he does not even pray the body of his parishioner into the grave. He sit@ at ease in his parsonage, over his wine, and becomes entitled, by the mere fact of his existence, to his five shillings, if he is within five miles of a funeral in Highgate Cemetery or if he be a Dr. Spry, in Marylebone, to his seven shillings and sixpence or to his ten shillings if within ten miles of Kensing@ ton. The involuntary relation of having been his fleeced parishioner is extended beyond the boundary of mortality and this one species of grave plunder flourishes as if Mr. Warburton's Anatomy Bill had never parsed. The body snatcher is quelled, but the fee snatcher flourishes. There is said to be no canon or other law in England for the consecration of burial grounds and there is certainly no law of Christianity for the mischiefs of which that ceremony however becom@ ing in itself is made the pretext. Hedges have to be run up to part the graves of Dissenters from those of Churchmen. Members of the same family, who have lived in harmony, and would repose together notwithstanding their theological dif@-ference , must be taken to separate chapels and consigned to remote graves, unless they purchase the unconscious neighbourhood by a sort of post@ humous apostacy. The sectarian spirit of clerical domination kindles the torch of discord with the last spark of vitality, and shakes it over the grave. There are but two of the new cemeteries Norwood and Abney Park , and one of them unconsecrnted, in which Death makes no distinction, and the graves intermingle of those who intermingled in living society. How the consecration of the Norwood ground escaped being also, like the rest, a desecra@ tion, does not appear. But the fact has aided the popularity of the cemetery. A general measure of legislation is desirable, re@ pressing these clerical exactions, prohibiting funeralg within the limits of the metropolis, giving public pledge of the perpetuity of the sepulchral character of grounds set apart for that purpose, and providing against offensive demonstrations of the anti-national bigotry which whether in the Church or out of it , carries its paltry sectarian animosities and distin@c tions into what should be the peaceful regions of the dead. @@@deratood to have been perfectly satisfactory that he is a-juiu to bo heard by that body, and that M. Thiers will present his report to the Chamber next week. The Constitutionnel mentions a rumour of Count de Flahault being sent to St. Petersburg to replace M. da Barante, who is to go to Vienna as ambassador, Instead of M. de St. Auluire whilo this latter diplomatist will take the post lately occupied by M. Guizot at London. We understand, says tho Presse, that the French government has selected Baron Billing as a fifth com missioner, to act, in case of a disagreement, as arbiter be tween the two British and tho two Neapolitan commis sioners, who are to discuss the settlement@ of the sulphur question. Buron Billing is the senior of French Secreta ries of Legation, and by a fortunate coincidence has filled that office both at London and Naples. The British aud Sicilian governments have hastened to notify that no Msy 12 19 26 Circulation. 17,228 17,212 16,816 10 823 Depstltf. 7,374 6.634 6 348 6,079 23.322 22 398 21,064 21,186 4.22.5 4,301 4,409 4,512 Average of the month . . Jane 9 16 23 Average of the month . . 06,079 . . 26,435 . . 66,549 . .17,447 17,030 . . 6 609 . . 22,142 . ,. 4,362 16,703 . . 0,s w Hicli j lig that In may be enabled to condense hi his character and fortune give him, joins the advantage I ' •!.-. • ■ • of being well-informed in matters of litigation, having to occupy himself with them every day as a member of the commission of indemnity for the colonists of Saint Domingo. A better choice could not have been made. Several of our contemporaries state that M. Cocholct@ French Consul-General at Alexandria, has solicited ills recall@ Galignan@L After the King had reviewed the crews of the Belle Poule and Favourite at the Tuileries, on Saturday, his Majesty gave to the commander of the Favourite 3,000f. to be distributed amongst the men of the two ships. Each sailor will have 7f. 50c. for his share. The Prince de Joinville, after tho reception, informed the men, that each of them, witheut distinction, would receive a gold medal to be struck in commemoration of the transfer of the remains of the Emperor from Saint Helena. The Havre Journal quotes advices from Buenos Ayres, of 21st October, and from Montevideo, of 29th. At the former place a considerable quantity i f merchandize had eplyto the Author of Reflections on the@Currency. The weekly tables, published in the Appendix to the report of the committee, are carried no farther than June, 1840, for the present, but when Par liament re-assembles they will no doubt be con tinued. In the mean time our correspondent had recourse afterwards to the Gazette returns, to sup ply the means of carrying on his calculations, lie, therefore, took the average from the Gazette for the period from the 28th of April to the 21st of July, 1840, thus -Circulation. Dtpoaltii 16,961 60,163 17,030 i 16,866 J 33 ' 375 Amoaat 1?i477 for July . 7,678 .2,734 9,768 Securities. 22,865 68,695 Bullion. 4,529 A 13,587 20,794 25,659 4,412 been introduced, notwithstanding the blockade. JNlost of The Author of Reflections on the Currency says that our correspondent treats the averages as if pub lished for twelve weeks when they really are for thirteen. As this is a matter of fact easily ascer tained, it is but right we should notice that the period embraced by the Gazette retarns is 84 days, or precisely twelve weeks. From 28 April to 21 July, 1840, for instance, is exactly that period of time. Therefore the Author of Reflections on the Currency is wrong in asserting that the tables were obtained by multiplying the averege of thirteen the French residents, who had been protected by the British consul, were preparing to depart. Admiral Maekau's division had arrived at Montevideo, on the 25th, in thirty.one days from Goree. Preparations were making first for a landing at Martin Garcia, and then for going up to Buenos Aj res. It was said that a lieutenant of the French navy had been put to deatli by Rosas, but no par. ticulars were known. The total number of French vessels of war, gun-boats, Jtc., in the Plata, werc forty four. BOURSE-Paris, Wednesday, Dec. 30. Half past Three.-The market has been very brisk, and much business done. Public opioion seems to strengthen towards expectations of continuance of peace. For the Ac count, the Three per Cents, opened at 76f. COo., at whieh they close, after having been 7flf. 90e. a rise ol 10c. Tae Five per Conts.@operied ut @UOf. 70c., advanced to llOf. 90c@@ dropped to llOf. 00c., and close at 1101.@70c. a rise ol 20c. Far Money, the Three percents, and Ft e per Cents, are 35 . higher. Bank of France, and Belgian Bank Shares, and Belgian Five per Cents, are@as yesterday. Belgian New Lorn@@ lower. Belgian Three per Cents, for the Account, 091. 36 ., and 09f. 15c. Spanish Active, from 26f. declined 10 21 ., with little business done a fall o@@t @j Passive as yesterduy. Neapolitan Bonds are 30e. higher. Roman have not altered. Railway Shares unaltered. first Highest Lowest Price. Price. 110 70 .. 110 04 . Oli 74 .. 1 0 75 , 76 0 .. 76 75 . 3220 .3220 french 5 per Ceoti.. 4 per Cente. 3 per Cents.. Bank ot frtuce ... Belgian Bank 5 par Cente. 3 per Cents. Neiv Loan ., Spanish Active .... Passive 900 971 69 35 . 971 . 24 900 97V 60 35 97 V 25 6 Price. . 110 70 . 06 75 . 76 60 .8220 . 900 . 07 Vs . 60 35 , 97V , . 24V . 6 Laet Pries. ,. ilO 75 . 96 75 . 76 75 .3220 ,. 900 ,. 97V . 69 35 . 97V . 2474 . The Paris papers of Wednesday have reached us by our ordinary Express. We have already ad@ verted to the only topics of interest discussed in these papers. We subjoin some extracts. The law, regulating the labour of children in ma@ nufactories, passed by a large majority on Tuesday. We have received a file of Malta papers to the 17th ult., but their intelligence from the Levant is anterior to what we have already given by several days. It was expected at Alexandria that most of the European residents who bad left Egypt would now return thither. The Austriait Observer, in its intelligence from Con@ stantinople of the 8th ult., states that the Porte, as well as Admiral Stopford, had refused to ratify the convention of Commodore Napier, who was considered to have gone too far. At that date, however, the despatch from Lord Puimerston, whieh was forwarded by Admiral Stopford to Alexandria, was not known in the Turkish capital. Extract of u letter from Constantinople, 8th ult @@We had a dreadful gale here on the 1st inst. Among the known losses are the barque Emma, Captain Hudson, loaded at Odessa with linseed and tallow, captain and all hands perished the schooner Robert Symms, of Ply@ mouth, loaded at Odessa with tallow, captain and three men saved, four lost the Russian commercial steamer l va or Emperor Nicholas, Captain Rogers, from Odessa, with passengers and cargo, 13 of the crew and six pas@ sengers lost, the captain, first engineer, and four of the crew, with four male and two female passengers saved-these went on shore to the west and last of the Boghaz. The Seri Pervas, Austrian commercial steamer, left Constantinople just before the gale set In, with 526 Turkish soldiers, for Beyrout. She drifted out of her course, and was wrecked near the entrance of the Gulf of Moudania two soldiers washed off the deck, six or eight frozen to death, and all the rest, including several Austrian officers going to join the army in Syria, with the crew, saved. Several ships are lost in the Bosphorus. The Tahiri Bahiri is just put in from Syria, hut there is no time to learn what she brings before the departure of the present. The Turks are displeased with the officious interference of Commodore Napier. The Crescent steamer, on her passage from Trcbisond, was struck by a sea, which carried twelve deck passengers overboard. The Turkish steamer Zibaishi Zidgeiret, also from Tre@-bisond, had three passengers carried overboard and seven frozen to death. Another letter says- The storm of the 1st caused mu Portuguese 3 uer Cents 20# . 20ft . 20ft .. 20ft Neapolitan 100 05 . 101 . 100 65 .. 101 Roman 99ft . 99 ft . 99ft 99ft RAILWAY SHARES. St. Germain 640 640 . 640 . 640 Versailles, H. B. ... 382 M . 382 50 . 382 50 . 382 50 L. Be ... ...... 297 50 . 3u0 . 297 60 . 300 Orleans 480 480 480 . 480 Strasburgto BA1#.. 236 25 . 2.36 25 . 235 . 235 Mulhausen to Thana 415 415 415 416 FOX THE ACCOUNT. Versailles, R. B. ... 382 50 . 882 50 .382 60 . . 382 60 L. B. ... 300 300 300 . 300 Orleans 480 480 480 . 480 Strasburg to B le. . 236 25 . 236 25 . 285 . 235 Our latest Madrid letters are of the '22d ult., with little news. From Guipuscon we learn that on the 14th a commission readied Aspeitia in order to make an inventory of the effects of the Convent of Loyola. The order was resisted and @R is supposed that the convent must be evacuated by force. From the discussion of the loan in the Dutch Chambers, it appears that out of a revenue of 52 millions of florins, 40 millions are required for the interest of the debt. The Duke of Bordeaux has gone to study navul science and affairs in the Arsenal of Venice! This is no joke. The Augsburg Gazette says so. The last of a dying race taking lessons in an extinct arsenal! The Prinac dc Joinville and the crew of the Belle Poule ought to shudder at the prospect of seeing the Duke of Bordeaux sail out In the Buccntaur, to espouse the Adriatic! Portsmouth.-The steam-vessel Avon, Lieut. Pritchard, has patted on to Sheerness from Plymouth with men for the Monarch, 84, and Vernon, 50, at Shcer-neis. The Inconstant, 36, Captain Pring, has arrived at Plymouth, from Cork, with volunteer seamen for general service. The Vindictive, a fine frigate, to mount upwards of 50 guns, is preparing here with every despatch for commission and at Plymouth alsb are two more of the same class bringing forward, namely, the Portland, 60, and America, 60. The greatest despatch is used here in the equipment of the St. Vincent, 120, a three-decker of the largest class she is getting rigged@ and otherwise fitting for sea. The pendant will be hoisted in abnut a month. The Vengeance, 84, is in the basin, rigged and masted, and only waiting orders for commission. The Driver, a new steam-ship, recently launched here, is in dock preparing for immediate'com mission. She is intended for the Mediterranean. The Impregnable, 104, Captain Thomas Forrest, C.@B., and Belleisle, 78, Captain Tour Nicolas, are in Ply mouth Sound, where they will complete their crews and sea stores. They will not proceed to the Mediterranean, however, for some time. The Indus, 84, Captain Sir James Stirling, and Tweed, 29, Commander Douglas@ are alongside tbeir respective hulks, fitting out. Both ships will be ready for sea about the 25th of January. The above are the only ships equipping here, but orders are daily looked for to commission several more. The s'cam frigate Phcmtix is rapidly refitting in the harbour, to return to the Mediterranean. There is no commander yet appointed to her. It is expected that she will pro ceed ubout the 5th of January. The Apollo and Athol, troop ships, are nearly ready for sea. They will go to Cork ta transfer troops, the 42d Regiment, thence to the Ionian Islands. The Neptune, 120, is to be overhauled at this port lor commission, if necessury. - Brighton paper. Extract of a letter dated from on board the Prin cess Charlotte, Marmorice Bay, Dec. 13, 1840 - I am sorry to inform you that the Zsbra was driven on shore and totally wrecked, with the loss of three of her crew. The Belle'rophon was nearly lost, and the Pique lost her masts. Dreadful weather on tho coast. We, thank God, have escaped, but most miraculously four anchors ahead. I never saw worse weather. Yc have 12 sail of the line here, and a host of small craft. The Kirkcaldy Burghs.-Colonel Ferguson arrived it this city on Monday, and is no doubt now among his constituents. Of his success there is no doubt, and the Tory gentleman who has been reconnoitring the ground is now satisfied, we presame, that he might have spared himself the trouble.-Scotsman. The Military and the Police.-The watch committee and the magistrates have taken into their consideration the application of Colonel Molyneux, of the 8th Hussars, as to the police of the city having a ge neral order to salute him when they meet him in the street, and though it is the wish of the mayor and magistrates, and also of the watch committee, that a proper courtesy should be shown to the gallant colonel and to the officers of the regiment by the police force and they think that, as the colonel wishes it, the courtesy of lifting their hats .might be extended , yet they feel that no erder can be made to that effect such as would go te exclude a man from the force who should not comply with the de mand of the colonel. There can be ao doubt but the extraordinary manner in which the complaint was made, has subjected the gentleman who could make it to the sport of the citizens during the merry-makings at Christ mas, for they seem in a universal titter about it kut the individual desire of the magistrates is unquestiona bly that the deference should be shown. No doubt they feel that to make an order in the business would subject them also to no small share of public ridicule. The policemen who have betn branded by the gallant Colonel as a set of d-d bl-kg-i, determine net to move their hats.-Bury Post. week9 by three. The preceding calculations sent us by our correspondent show that the multiplication was the average of twelve weeks by three and that besides the Gazette returns are not the basis of the calculation, hut only employed as an adjunct until the weekly statements are again made public. If, however, the committee on banks of issue should not call for the continuance of those weekly returns, or should they be discontinued after they have fulfil led the object of their appointment, the Gazette re turns would be again necessary to carry on the cal culations, and it rests with our correspondent in Coventry to say how far they could be relied on. The Author of Reflections on the Currency says his owa opinions on the currency are, that it ought to be regulated by operating upon the rate of interest, and not upon the amount of circulation. Without attempting to tollow his reasonings, we would briefly remark that they contaio nothing new upon the point, and that Mr. Tooke was unable to support the same theory before the committee. The questions and answers at pp. 356 and 357 of the Re port show that it would be impossible to arrest the drain of bullion by means of any rational operation on the rate of interest. Mr. Tooke, in attempting to show that it could be done by such means without diminishing the amount of notes in circulation, was involved in a labyrinth of contradiction, from which he could not escape, and the Author of Reflections on the Currency does not make the theory, which really belongs to Mr. Tooke, and not to him, one iota stronger. It is in accordance with common sense that in proportion as the bullion leaves the Bank the directors ought to diminish the amount of paper which they have in issue convertible into gold. There was not much business doing in the Eng lish Funds to-day, but prices continue to improve. Consols for the opening were quoted at 68@5@@ to j in the early part of the day, but towards the close of business the price advanced to 88i to@@@@@ Exchequer Bills were 19. higher, being 3s. to 5s. prem. The Share Market was firm, and South Westerns experienced u further improvement of 10s. per share. This was settling day in the Foreign House, where money was in demand, the rates for which varied trom i to@8 per cent., according to the secu rity offered. Since the last settlement the fluctua tions have been somewhat extensive, particularly in Peninsular securities. Spanish Actives, which were then at 23@@@§ to J, advanced to 24@J, when, on the matters in dispute between Spain and Portngal being made known, a rapid decline took place to 22J, since which, however, a marked improvement has taken place in the Active Stock, which at one period of the day had advanoed to 25@ for money. In Portuguese, the extreme fluctuation was also considerable, amounting to up wards of 2 per@cent., and in South American from 1J to 2 per cent. Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents, have given way 1 per cent, within the same period. At the opening of the market this morning, Spanish Actives were quoted at 24@ to@@ J, buto . some influential parties appearing as buyers, prices gradually improved to 25@@@@ to 5, at which they closed firm. In South American Securities, a fur ther improvement took place of nearly J per cent. Consols for the opening closed at 88@ to @@@@Three per Cents. Reduced, 88@@@J to 9 Three-aad-a-Half per Cent. Reduced, 97@@@@ to @@Bank Stock, 156@ to 7 Exchequer Bills, 3s. to 5s. prem. Spanish Actives, 25@@@@ to@@ Deferred, 13 to@@ Passive, 6 @@@@to @@Portuguese Five per Cents., 32@@@@@@ ditto Three per@Cents., 21 to@@ Dutch Five per Cent ., 97@ to @@@@ditto Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 5@@1@@ to@@@@ Belgian, 97 to 8 Colombian, 24@@@@@ Mexican, 29 to @@Peruvian, 15 to 10 Brazilian, 70@ to 1 J.1 Birmingham old , 81 to@83@prem. ditto @Jshares , 22 to 4 South Western, 50 to 7 per share Great Western, 25@ to 6@ prem. Manchester and Leeds, 0 to 8 prem. Manchester and Birmingham, 15 to 13 dis. Birmingham and Derby, 28 to 0 di@g Gosport Junction, 5 to 6 prem. Brighton, 6 j 0 5@ dis. Blackball, 4@ to 4 dis. London and Greenwich, 8 to@@ per share. The following were the official quotations in the different markets durin@sthe day -ENGLISH FU'DS. LONDON TRADE REPORT. Thursday Evening.-The demand for all k@. a @, produce is still almost suspended and, in consequen@t. we have little scope for remark. In the Sugar market rot a single transaction @@j taken place since Thursday last, and prices remain q@@@@ nominal but, with so small a stock on hand, ir .at l30 ? be supposed a further decline will take place. W@ @t . cipate some improvement in the course of a few we@@ ' The CorrEE market also remains in a very ti 10 ,, . state the merchants refuse to offer their stock at @@@@sent, while the trade appear disposed to hold bark @@@am they can ascertain what quantity of Coffee is yet to co@j from the Cape of Good Hope and the few opera@@@@s-have not produced the least change in prices. Tea meets with a steady demand from the dealers@@@@. fall prices are paid. Company's Congou it row Y e -for 2s 1@W to 2s ljd per lb cash. The tenden@@@rj @@0 market is upward. Tallow has becomo flat, with rather lower @r rf , P. Y.@C. 47s 3d on the spot. DECREE OF THE GERMAN n !iT AGAINST TRADES' UNIONS Frankfort, Dp, OFFICIAL NOTIFICATION. The following decree of the Supreme German f@ dcral Diet of the 3d of December, 16441, is, on the @@@@@@rity of the lion. Senate, hereby brought unde@@@.- r ' cognizance. City Chancery, Frank fort.on-the-.Maine, Dec. 22, 1840@ THE DECREE. ABOLITION OF THE UNIONS EXISTING AVON@ @@@@MAN WORKING TRADESMEN, AND ABUSES ions,, THEREWITH. The united governments are agreed upon carrvla, into effect uniform measures with respect to such hjn@@-craftsmen ns by participation in illicit unions of jotrf.T men, jurisdictions of journeymen, strikes, and the @@,! malpractices, have offended against the laws of the cu £ . try. Wherefore, I. From such handicraftsmen as may bo guilty m ,- v of the said offeucos in one of the confederate st@jv, t@ whieh they do not belong by domicile shall be taken. @@@Jy trial and punishment, their wanderbucher or tra@uil@,, passes, in which the committed violation of the law @@@@rectly described shall be noted, with the allotted p@@m . ment, and the said wandortucher and travelling pu, fl shall be sent to the authorities of the domiciles @@it@@ respective journeymen. 2. Such handicraftsmen shall, after undergoing t@r r punishment, be transferred, by prescribed route@,@@@ @@• states wherein they have their uotr,idles, and sh@ul • ere be detained under strict inspection, in order that ther may not be permitted to obtain employment in ar. other state of the confederacy. Exceptions from this dc ,ii a shall only take place when the government of the doiti. cile. in consequence of the con inued good conduct of i returned handicraftsman, shall be induced to give @La i new wanderbucher or travelling pass fur other state,. 3. The governments arc to provide thetnsclvt, , 0 descriptions of the handicraftsmen who, on acco.jt of the aforesaid offence, have bjen sent home,@ a, to make reciprocal communications respecting th ,, who, by way of exception, are permitted to resun j their travels. 4. The preceding regulations shall be exp@@msly re-, municatcd to every handicraftsman on the commence. .■ of his travelling period, before bis wanderbucher, or tra velling pass, be delivered to him and that this his@b@ v dune, must be officially recorded in the register of traiek ling workmen. 5. The promulgation of the present decree sha@@ hr mad@ in each state of the confederacy, according to it, constitutional forms, and, certification of the same @Drug done, shall be returned to the Diet within two mott'a from the date hereof. A journeyman is obliged to travel fer a certain tu@ ber of years, ,4 tied wurk iu different states, before hr @ut set up at horn as a master of hie own trade. Oh tne@t@@mi-nation of his uppreatieesh p hit windetiahrc. train, t years comm nee, und then a wanderl u -Aier travel g bonk , in wtlieh his Hitue ami other particulars R-oeatnii is girai him. COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR-Thursday. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness 1'rince Albert walked for some time this morning on the terrace of tie Castle. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attenJcu @U Lady Fanny Howard, took her accustomed exerc@ke. Her Majesty rode out this afternoon in @nooptn p@@a phaeton, which was driven by his Royal Highness @@IV e Albert. Colonel Wemyss, Mr. Rich, and Cap@Uiu @@f mour were in attendance. His Royal Highness Prinee Albert hoaourvd Mr. Fusler with an interview this morning, and inspected a tinisr.cd picture and sketch of her Majesty the Quer n Lord and Lady Holland and Sir George Grcj arc ti pected to arrive this evening on a visit. His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambric 1 1 -■ rived at Cambridge-house, Piccadilly at a quarter @t .un four o'clock yesterday afternoon, from the ror,tfo r. His Royal Highness after his arrival paid a visi '-V it Duchess of Gloucester, and in the evening dined it Gloucester-house. The Right Hon. T. B. Macaulay has arrived at Hr .'• lands, Hants, on a visit to Viscount aud V@uco@@@asw Palmerston. The Eurl of Minto has left town for his seat@@@@. Hawick. Despatches for the Governor'of Ceylon were @wot of yesterday, from the Coloniil-offiec. The Marquess of Normanby has returned ir@b town to his residence in lias tern-terrace.-@@@@h@@r Gazette. By the recent demise of Lord Bruc t - the t son of Lord Elgin, his sister. Lady Mak X Chhisic ' the lady of the member@for North Lincol l6 ' i re hast ®' ! ,'!f,M i ?T CeS ' i0 a nt0an imaieas - fortuni, app@@@ly ing to thirty thousand a year. The Lord Chamberlain h as extended t@k @H-cencc of the Haymarket Theatre, by wh icl, act of the spirited and able manager 0 f this favourite p@@@V @4 amusement will be enabled j continue his pref tf ' Bank Stock, 157 4 6 per Cent. Red., 9 3 4 per Ct. Red , 97 hi per Cent. New@ 97@@ @hi @x. dir. for opening Loitz A@mh m exp. Jan. 5, 1840, 12 15 1C 1J FOREIGN Belgian 5@per Cent., 97 6 Colombian fl per Ct. 18Z4, Acc., 24 Mexican 18tf7 Acc., 2V Portuguese 5 p -r Cent. New, sihi Ditto Acc.,@@@@ Ubi Ditto J per@Cent., kiivj Ditt@ Acc., @dl Spauiflh, 24 4 5 4 bhi , 4 hi RAILWAYS. Bank Rtoek for Aco., 15 Consol for op., 88 Kxctie-juer bill £i,ouu, 2 5 n pm. Ditto@£500, 4 2 @63@pm. Ditto Small, 4 6 pm. FUNDS@ Sp t a h A c.. 24S 5 vu Ditto Pas ire. 6 4 Pr. Rentes, 4hi per Cti., lOlf. 50c., ♦ X. 25 f. 40c. Dutch 2S per Cent., 51@@V W Ditto Acc., 51 4 Ditto 5 per Cent., 97 4 Eastern Counties Debentures, 4@@@@ Great Western, 9@3U Ditto New, 52 Ditto Piitbs. 10@@ M 11 Hull and Selbjr, 42 VJ Loud, nnd Brighton, 44 .'W 4 4 H London and BUckwaU, lb '• London and Birmingham, 171 MISCELLANEOUS. i ondon Joint stock Bank, l i Union bunk of London. 10 Loud, and Firm. Shares, 27 Ditto New Shares, 49 4 London andOreeMwicU New, 16 4 Ditto Scrip, @t Loud. South Western, 5 ! V. South-Eastern ond Dover. 12 4 York nod North Midland, @c PORTUGUESE BONDS. T@ the EDITOR of the MORNING CHRONICLE. Stu-1 have road with much satisfaction your remarks of Tuesday on the subject of the meeting to be held on the 6th of January, and being an interested party, I can not but repudiate the language in which the same is sum. moned as much more likely to defeat than benefit the welfare of the stockholders. It is confessedly notorious that Portugal is poor, labouring under the u ual disad-vantage of a restoration, and it is rather too hasty to tax her with dishonour or dishonesty becaase she finds herself temporarily compelled to forego her pavments, without dispassionately looking to th@ circumstances of her posi-tion. Just immerged out of revolution, with a disquieted people, and charter ill-defined-cheeked in progress of improvement by repeated outrages of popular violence@ and her finances expended lay necessary measures for aonsolidating the public peace and security-threatened on one side for a ectilemeet of British claims, and menaced by Spain on the other upon the Douro question, she claims our forbearance rather than censure, at the present time more especially. I have carefully perused the de cree for resumption of payment of the foreign debt, and I cessful season beyond the 15th proximo, at which he must have otherwise l W i his doors. Ihe Queen ha' , een pleased to appoint 8if uioi.As Harris ..kolas, Chancellor and Senior k 3 Coinni.aoacr 0 f the Most Distinguished Order of ' .j , jt. George, to he a Knight Grand Cross @• - i said ord er. Changeling.-Oh Tuesday last, an occur@ ' ' of an extraordinary nature came to the kuowledg@@@v @01 inhabitant, of Wh ddnn, near Rainhill. In the cour@t c -the day a plain-looking woman, with a child in he@@@r@@@ walked fato the Hanging Birch, a small beer-shop @■ Whiddon, and called for a glass of ale. This rcqu@@@@@fF addressed to the female who kept the house, who. s'- l! time, wa. busily employed preparing a batch of bread for the oven. She immediately abandoned her then occuP ' tion to wait upon her customer, and went down st@vr@@@@ draw the beer, leaving hor own infant in the era@@@ @' t asleep@ On her return from the cellar, the @Undiady@@ surpri.-e may be conceived at finding her custo@@@@@iw vanished, without waiting for the liquor she kaJ b ' tn t0 Hi® trouble of drawing. The abrupt d p r - u '' of her guest caused no suspicion at the monied @0 anything being wrong, as ever thing, on her re turn from below stairs, appeared just as she hi- e . @little while, however, a discovery took j A@@ which nearly deprived the poor woman ef her@re@@i 3 and might have led to consequences not easily fo' 0 ' Fh® child in the cradle having become resth'-' notifying by loud screams that the attention of would be desirable, the mother stooped to take @@@@' her arms, when-who can describe the si 14 0 , . feelings-she found the infant quite black 'V . h Thinking it was labouring under strong convul ' ! ' '!. po-ted off for medical assistance in a state of m@ ' bordering on distraction. The medical man. on be@@@ consulted, declared that nothing on earth 1 ' ter with the child, it being as h@@o' 1 . babe as hail lately come uoder his inspect@' 00 , as for the darkness of its face, it u P ' ' 'V by natural causes, the fact being that the c@@@M @@' born black, for no other reason than because i 11 f ° gei.itor must have been of the same colour. The@t@@@' of the nutter instantly flashed across the tniu • ' unhappy woman, and the conclusion was, that @@@@it' sweet babe had been carried off by the str@@@ut @1 man, who had substituted this precious pi 1,1 ebony hue-a black child, on the principle .b 1 @' change is no robbery.'' The hue and cry v.as i 5 ' ' 7 . raised, but without leading to the discovr ry '. t petrator of this wanton and cruel outrage. It that a souse of shame induced bv a n illicit c 0 ™ ., nion of the female with a niau of ci jour ina-t , e • the cause of her practising th , ingenious@ Tha young darky, who was , the genuine @@@@@@@smut, and would rival In ustre Morison@@@s Japau, was immediately packed 0 ff to the hut where, we believe, the jigger still remains,@ • •lender hopes of paterai,ty@ Liverpool Tow- ■' ' Morning Chronicle Office, EDITj EXTRAOKDIfl DURESS FKOM BUDGET OF THE MINISTER Oi Wchave received by extraordmerv a full report of the important 2 a n, the French finance minister,! £ budget for the year, which we giv. Paris, Wp.d.ne-jj Hum ann then rose and said -Gentlemen, the Kiog has ordered ns tel b badget of expenditure anduissant mode of II , r °l do us under present circums'.an! public credit and aids the Tfi 'it ? STS SSnps
[ GS_aligned] #################################################################################### ############################################ LIVERPOOL. ONE DAY LATER FROM THE UNITED STATES. ################################# wind to-day having veered round to the north west, several vessels which had been detained in the channel made their way into @port, and amongst them the Independence, the New York packet ship of the 10th instant. She has brought a New York paper of a day later than those received by the Great W@estern, namely, to the evening of the 10th, but it does not contain the expected message from the President in consequence of the great sno@w storm, a su@ﬀicient number of members hat not assembled to form a quorum on the usual day of meeting, the 7th , but as the roads were expected to be more passable in a few days, it may be expected by the next arrival the houses would continue to adjourn from day to day, until a majority of the whole enabled them to pro‐ ceed to business. There is not much of importance in the papers we have received, but we annex the report of the Mo‐ ney Market -MONEY ########################## SIX P.M.-The Great Western sailed to-day at one o'clock, with a full freight-@@ 102,000 in specie-70 passengers-a letter bag yielding@@@ 1,100 at the Exchange, and probably @1,400 at the agent's o@ﬀice. She could not wait longer for the @President's Message. It will be seen, therefore, that the movement in specie still goes forward, in the face of resumption here. By the steamer and the other packets this week, nearly @@400,000 specie has gone to Europe. @This fact, at the beginning of the winter season, when steam navigation will be nearly closed for three months, begins to alarm bankers in connection with the sub‐ ject of specie payments at Philadelphia. In summer a ready supply could be imported from Europe, but this is not so easily e@ﬀected in mid w@inter. The resumption of the Philadelphia banks, on the 15th of January, if not sooner, which is now generally an‐ nounced and believed, does not seem to give any anima‐ tion to the markets generally-indeed the reverse is felt. In the stock market a general fall has taken place, vary‐ ing from ¼ to 2 per cent. Money is also scarce and dearer. @SALES AT THE STOCK ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################ ######## and I regret to say, that in man@y instances where I had every @reason to expect prompt and ###################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### success, founded upon these ####### would have induced me to relinquish my prospects of repre‐ senting your Borough, but I am now persuaded, that any continuance of this struggle in the present state of parties, would only injure the cause to which I am pled@ged. I@n retiring from the ###### to return my ###################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### support, I have met with either lukewarm ################ In addition to those ############################ the avowed hostility of the ############################################### consistent Liberals who have rendered me eir able assistance and support. I have the honour to be, gent ######################### obedient, and humble servant, Wallsall, Tuesday Evening. SPENCER LYTTELTON. ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### INFANT SAPPHO.-COSMORAMA‐ ROOMS, 209. REGENT-STREET, under the immediate Patronage of her MAJESTY.-The Nobility, Gentry, and Public are most respectfully informed, the highly-gifted child, LOUISA VINNING. four years of age, will have the honour of giving TWO EVENING CONCERTS, viz. ############# Jan. 1, and Monday, Jan. 4, at the above rooms. Admittance 1s. Reserved seats, 2s. each, to be had at Mesrs. Cramer and Co.'s, 201, Regent-street. ########################################## of the ROYAL POLYTECHNIC INSTITUTION. during the Christmas holi@days, are adapted for the younger class. The ad‐ ditional Theatre, Apartments, and Galleries extend to the number of TWENTY-SEVEN, in which are deposited SIXTEEN HUNDRED WORKS, displaying the most eminent art, scie@nce, and ingenuity, one-third of which are new to the visitors the Lecture, the varied and beautiful experiments, and the Microscope. Open from Half-past @Ten to Five o'clock Evening from Seven to Half-past Ten @o'clock. -Admission 1s. A Band of Music. Annual ####################### 1st January. The extensive laboratory is open to pupils. @The Chemist conducts assays and analyses. A Prospectus of the School for the Practical Education of Engine Drivers can be had of the Secretary. A new edition of the Catalogue, 1s. SPLENDID EXHIBITION.-The ROYAL SCENASCOPE, the Scenic Metamorphoses, the Microscope, and other novelties Electrical Experi@ments, Glass-blowing, Combustion of Steel, Steam Gun, will be repeated as frequently as possible during th@e @day for the accommodation of the visitors the Polariscope will be shown by E. M. Clarke, and a double Fire Cloud will be exhibited at four o'clock in the Long Room the Electrical Eel, Walton's Card-making Machine, Stevens' Gas-making Apparatus, Braithwaite's new Cooking Stove, Ackermann's Gallery of Prints, Pictures, Statu‐ ary, Music, @Models, @@c. @@@c.-Admission, 1s. Catalogues, ########## Half-past Ten till Four daily. APOLLONICON.-TO-MORROW Mr. Purkis will perform a SELECTION of MUSIC on the APOLLONICON, in which will be introduced-Overtures, @Agnese and@@ Seige of Rochelle Cavatina, Di Placer Duet, Ah, Perdona Glee, The Chough and CrowPol@acca, I Puritani Song, Auld Robin Gray Ballad,@@@ The Hunter of Tyrol a Selection of German Waltzes, and @God save the Queen.@@ The mechanical powers of the Instrument will commence the perfor@mace with Mozart's Overture to Figaro, and conclude with Weber's Overture to Der Freyschutz.-At the Rooms of Robson and Son, Organ-builders, 101, St. Martin's-lane. Com‐ mencing at Two o'clock. Admittance, 1s.-N.B. The Performances will be continued every Saturday. ###################################################################### has gone by when provinces and population on the Rhine can be bargained away or sold. The Rhenish provinces are at this moment strongly German and Prussian, and under the pro‐ tection of the united patriotism of the German race, which will not see its patrimony or its importance in Europe diminished. The French, we will be bound to say, are not able to wrest a rood of land from the Germans, now that the Germans have got, like the French, popular senti‐ ment, and a national feeling. Therefore Russia has not the power to give away the Rhine. Neither @has France the power, any more than the will, to give away Constantinople. Alliances of the kind, therefore alliances of conquest and partition , are out of date, and out of possibility and so are coalition@, except in defence of rights, and in opposi‐ tion to absurd and arrogant pretensions. When Count MOLE'S small coterie, and smaller organs, then, menace us with Franco-Russian alliance, we know full well it is merely words they utter. When the opposition papers of France tell us that the Court and King of the FRENCH are leaning to Russia, and that England had better take care of itself, we laugh at the shallow manoeuvre. @We wish sincerely to see a better understanding between France and Russia, as between France and Europe but we cannot be in the least either jealous or alarmed even at a whole volume of benevolent notes addressed by Count ############# the Tuile ries. We this day lay before our readers important additional information respecting the case of Mr. HILL, in the Ecclesiastical Court of Exeter, and the resolution, agreed on at a meeting on Monday last in Monmouth, with regard to the case of SARAH ################## has supplied us with the opinion given by Dr. ADDAMS in the case of Mr. HILL, from which it will be seen that the omnipotence of Parliament, to use the well-known expression, is impotence in regard to the Ecclesiastical Courts. Parliament may pass an act, prohibiting courts ################################################# these @exhibitions @of the Groups and Tableaux are nightly crow@ding his rooms with visitors, they must cease after a few evenings more, on account of the injury which is nightly done to his Indian wardrobe, which con‐ stitutes so important a part of his collection.-Admission, 1s. Stoves are in use in both ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## MADRID, DEC. ################################### order and instructions for the new elections have been issued to-day by the Minister of the Interior. On the @ﬁrst of the new @year the provincial deputations are to proceed to the division of their respective provinces into electoral districts, consulting exclusively in this act the convenience of the electors, and advertising them of the divisions adopted on the 6th of the same month in the o@ﬀicial bulletin. On the 8th the lists of the voters are to be posted up for the term of @ﬁfteen days in the usual public places. All reclama‐ tions with respect to the right of voting are to be decided @by the 26th of the month, and communicated to the cor‐ porations before the 30th, i@n order that the lists may be recti@ﬁed. On the 1st of February the elections are to commence, and to be conducted in the manner prescribed by the Electoral Law. On the 12th of said month the general scrutiny is to take place in the capital of each province and the result immediately communicated to the Minister of the Interior. The number of new sena‐ tors to be elected at the same time is 45, and 241 depu‐ ties, with 100 suplentes or substitutes. Nothing could be fairer than the instructions of the minister to the autho‐ rities for conducting those elections. In a separate pa‐ ragraph, addressed to the political chiefs, he states as fol‐ lows -@@@@@@ On the @ﬁrst of the new year, as soon as the provincial deputations are installed in o@ﬀice, the proceedings prepa‐ ratory to the election of senators and deputies are to be commenced. The accompanying order of the Provisional Regency of the kingdom will inform you of the measures which they have adopted for carrying the electoral law into e@ﬀect and ifif the nation was never con‐ sulted in more critical circumstances than the present, it is the more necessary that the people should have the most complete freedom in exercising their electoral rights. It is but right and necessary that a Cortes called to de‐ cide upon questions of vital importance to the country should fairly represent it for without this the govern‐ ment can neither acquire strength, proceed in a @ﬁrm course of policy, or e@ﬀect the good of the people, as their present situation and the errors of their former rulers re‐ quire. Without the most complete freedom of election it would be in vain to seek these advantages.@ I need not proceed with the remainder of these in‐ structions, which are totally free fro@m those objections so often witnessed and complained of in former documents of this description. If we are to judge from the elections of corporations and provincial deputations which have just terminated, the contest cannot be very great, or doubtful I mean, of course, as to the majority being of the liberal party. While alluding to elec‐ tions, I may observe that you will see in the opposition papers of Madrid much noise made @about the paucity of electors in the municipal and depu‐ tational elections. Some of them, indeed, go so far as to infer from this fact, that the persons elected cannot re‐ present the opinions of the people, because the whole population did not turn out and put themselves to the very absurd trouble of voting where there was no contest. If I have not been too long out of England to forget its usages in these matters, no one there, I believe, would say that a member of Parliament did not represent his constituents because there was no contest to induce the whole or a majority to go through the fo@@rm of giving their votes. On the contrary, the ab‐ sen@ce of a contest, or of actual voting, would be taken as a proof of the unanimity of popular su@ﬀrage, and the ########## of popular representation. @Yet you will @ﬁnd that the Absolutist statistical gentlemen of the Madrid and Paris opposition press will assume exactly the con‐ trary, and declare that the new deputies will not represent the people, should there be no contests. At all events it vests with writers of this school to show good reason why their political friends or party do not take part in these elections. I have given the true reasons of this in former letters, and need not repeat them@@@@. Our intelligence from Portugal, with respect to the Douro question, continues to be su@ﬀiciently warlike and ridiculous. The noise about levies and mounting old cannon is truly appalling and absurd. But these good people would appear to have gained in national pride and soreness what they have lost of ancient and solid greatness. It would be hard to say, indeed, whether the absurdity of the imprudent threats of @Spain, or of the idle preparations of defence of Portugal, be the greatest. From Badajos we have news that the Portuguese hat actually ceased to visit that place, and that forts were being repaired at Elvas and along the frontier. I presume there is much village alarm and misrepresentation in all we hear about the matter just as there is about a few regiments being @cantoned in Toledo and Talavera-a measure which I believe has no connection whatever with any intention of ####################### Portugal. The Five per@ Cents. have again declined to-day, the selling price being 28½ cas@h. Some operations were even e@ﬀected lower after the regular business had closed. ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ to entertain suits for a smaller sum than £10, a party can only have the bene@ﬁt of the prohibition by appearing to the citation, and then the iniquitous court refuses to allow him his costs, which are always high. In bringing before the House of Commons, in 1839, his motion respecting Ecclesiastical Courts, Mr. HAWES observed, that it was often extremely di@ﬀicult to ascertain over what description of causes any particular Ecclesiastical court operated, and much inconvenience resulted from this uncertainty. In the majority of the peculiar courts, and perhaps in all, there neither were nor could be e@ﬀicient and experienced judges, o@ﬀicers, advocates, or prac‐ titioners, the emoluments being too small, and the number of causes too few, to ensure those requisites for the due administration of justice. The consequence was, that no con@ﬁdence was re‐ posed in these tribunals and delay arose, and expense was incurred in applying for letters of request, and in resorting to other means of escaping the jurisdiction. As a proof of ignorance, Dr. ################# that the practitioners of one of these ecclesiastical courts did not know that an ap‐ peal lay from its jurisdiction. But all this ignorance is displayed at the expense of the unfortunate persons subject to the jurisdiction. The Court@ may, through its ignorance, put a party to great trouble and ex‐ pense but the Court itself is vested with impunity. The Court itself may be composed of a knot of clergymen having the same interests as the suitor, and suits may be entertained, in the very teeth of an act of Parliament prohibit‐ ing them but though it may be obvi‐ ous that the suits are entertained for the purpose of obtaining incomes to the members of the court and the practitioners, through enormous costs, yet corrupt motives cannot be brought home to any one. If the members of these tribunals avoid doing what no man not a downright idiot would think of doing, they may perpetrate all sorts of iniquity with im‐ punity. We remember, in the case of an ac‐ tion brought against an inferior tribunal, hearing Lord TENTERDEN observe, that errors ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# conclude with the Grand@@@@@@ Christmas Pantomime, ###################################### and the ########################################################################### of the Branzen Bottle. Clown, Mr. Wieland Harlequin, Mr. ######################### Mr. King Columbine. Miss ############################################################################ of judges, like those of our su‐ perior courts, under the eye of an intelligent Bar and public, a charitable construction of conduct can be productive of little injury but in such dens of iniquity as the Ecclesiastical Courts of the coun‐ try confessedly are, the doctrine of Lord TENTERDEN of which they would be allowed to avail themselves , must give impunity to the most revolting injustice. Mr. HAWES'S resolution, that the inferior eccle‐ siastical courts should be abolished without delay, was carried, but they still exist, to the great oppres‐ sion of the community. They may know that ############################################################################## OPEN a splendid VIEW of DAMASCUS, @one of the most ancient cities of the East. It embraces every object of importance in the city also the Plain the Scene of the Conversion of St. Paul the Street called Straight, where the Apostle remained during his blindness with an extensive view of the surrounding country. Also open the VIEW of MACAO, in China, with the Bay of the Ty-pa, her Majesty's ships Volage and Hyacinth, Chinese Junks, @@c.-Admittance to each View, 1s. Books 6d. each.-N.B. The circles are warmed for the season. MAGIC CAVE.-FIVE NEW VIEWS.-The only Subterraneous Exhibition in London, in which may be seen SIXTEEN beautiful COSMORAMIC VIEWS, by eminent artists, which are so well arranged that they give the spectator a better idea of the scenes before him than anything short of nature can possibly produce.-Open from Eleven in the morning until Ten at night, at the Lowther Bazaar, 35, Strand. Ad@mi@ssion 6d. THEATRE ROYAL DRURY-LANE.-CON‐ CERTS D'HI@VER.-Conductor, Mr. Eliason.-Programme for ################## I. Overture to Goethe's celebrated Tragedy of Faust Lindpaintner. Aurora, Valses Labitzky. Quadrille. Le Gothique Mus@ard. Medley Scotch Overture, Guy Manner‐ ing Bishop. Second Grand Fantasia from the Opera@@@ Les Hugue‐ nots, Meyerbeer. Lecke's celebrated Music to Macbeth. -PART II. Overture, Der Freyschutz C.@M. Von Weber. The Telegraph, or Musical Gleanings being a Grand Pot-pourri, by Strauss. Swiss Air, with variations, Concertina, Mr. Case. Overture, Le Cheval de Bronze Auber. Vaises, Brussler Spitzen Strauss. Quadrille, I Puritani Musard. Gallop, Camille, Trumpet Solo, Herr Muller Musard.-Prices of admission to the Promenade, 1s. Dress Circle, 2s. 6d. Upper Boxes, 1s. 6d. Lower Gallery 1s. Visit‐ ers to the Boxes have the privilege of passing to and from the Prome‐ nade.-Doors open at Half-past Seven, performance to commence at Eight precisely. @@THEATRE ROYAL, ############################ will be presented THE MERRY WIVES OF WINDSOR. Sir John Falsta@ﬀ, Mr. Bartley Justice Shallow, Mr. F. Matthews Master Slender, Mr. C. Mathews Mr. Ford, Mr. Cooper Mrs. Ford. Mrs. Nisbett Mrs. Page, Madame Vestris Ann Page, Miss Rainforth Mrs. Quickly, Mrs. C. Jones. To conclude with the Grand Christmas Pantomime, entitled THE CASTLE OF OTRANTO or Harlequin and the Giant Helmet. Har‐ lequin, Mr. C. J. Smith Pantaloon, Mr. Morelli Clown, Mr. Ridg‐ way Columbine, Miss Farebrother. To-morrow. Midsummer Night's Dream, and the Pantomime. THEATRE ROYAL, ####################### will be performed the new and original Comedy called MONEY. Lord Glossmore, Mr. F. Vining Sir John Vesey, Bart., Mr. Strickland Sir Frederick Blount, Mr. W. Lacy Mr. Benjamin Stout, M. P., Mr. D. Rees Evelyn, Mr. Macready Graves, Mr. ####### Captain Dudley Smooth, @Mr. Wrench Sharpe, Mr. Waldron Toke, Mr. Oxberry Lady Franklin, Mrs. Glover Miss Georgina Vesey, Miss P. Horton Clara Douglas, Miss H. Faucit. After which THE LADIES' CLUB. Mrs. Fitzsmyth the Chair‐ woman , Mrs. Glover Captain Fitzsmyth, Mr. Oxberry. To conclude with TOM THUMB. To@m Thumb, Master G. Webster. To-morrow, Money, with The Ladies' Club, and Tom Thumb. THEATRE ROYAL, ENGLISH OPERA‐ HOUSE.- SOIREES MUSICALES ######################## Masaniello Chorus, Semiramide Duet, Whence this soft and pleasing @ﬂame Miss Nunn and Mr. Frazer Ballad, The one we love Mr. Frazer Aria, Il Postiglione Sig. Paltoni Chorus, Viva Henrico Overture, Gazza Ladra Aria, Non piu Andrai Signor Giubilei and Chorus Duo, Dunque-io-sen Miss Nunn and Signor Paltoni Song Young Soldiers Mr. Frazer Romance on the Cornet à Pistons, Laurent, jun. Ballad, The Old Oak Tree Miss Nunn Trio, Papataci Frazer, Paltoni, and Giubelei Quadrilles, La Victoria and Gais Loisirs Galop. Solo on the Oboe by Mr. Keating. Eighty Vocal and Instrumental Performers, under the direction of Signor Negri.-Admission to the Parterre, 1s. to the Balcony, @2s. Private Boxes, £1@1s. Commences at ############################################################################ unwholesome custom of burying in crowded localities. The administrators of the new Poor-law have made a beginning of those measures of sanatory police which have long been so much needed. We fear they will achieve no very material improvement without an amended Building Act, more comprehensive in its provisions, and more stringent in its penalties. It will be contended that the rights of property forbid any interference with those sinks of @ﬁlth and sources of dis‐ ease which disgrace the metropolis, and per‐ petually endanger the health of its inhabitants. Nor can any change be e@ﬀicient which allows the continued accumulation of dead and decaying bodies in vaults under the churches where congrega‐ tions assemble for worship, or in churchyards which are surrounded by dwelling-houses, and keep the smell of the dead for ever in the nostrils of the living. These masses of corruption are centres from which disease and death radiate. They are batteries against human existence, and sometimes their cross @ﬁre leaves little chance of escape. There is a neighbourhood, for instance, between Clare Market and the Strand, hemmed in by no less than four of these malignant receptacles. It is, as might be expected, frequently visited by aggravated forms of typhus fever. The permanence of disease amongst the poor of St. Giles's and Whitechapel, in part occasioned by the wretched condition of the living@ is also in part owing to the loathsome accu‐ mulation of the dead in the churches and churchyards of these parishes. Similar@@‐ stances might be multiplied. The practice of burying under churches, and in grave yards it populous neighbourhoods is a pestilential nuisance ################################## have already re-ceived accounts of the loss of eighteen Greek vessels, three English, and a much greater number of Austrians, Sardinians, and Neapolitans. Even in the channel seven were cast away. Lieutenant-Colonel de Philippovich an@d Captain Count Szechvyni were on board the Seri Pervas during the storm.torm. The Malta Times of the 17th ult. supplies us with the following naval intelligence The ships of the line, Thunderer, Implacable, and Edinburgh, and Dido corvette, were lying in ################################################################# in Coventry ########## to the letter we have publishe@d to-day, on the subject of the Bank averages and exchanges, from the Author of Re@ﬂections on the Currency. We suspect, however, that the latter will discover that he has mistaken the principles on which he supposes that our Coventry correspondent founded his calcu-lations. Had the Author of Re@ﬂections on the ###################################################### recognised to the full extent of principal end interest and, in addition to the original securities, we now ############## hold on the best sources of revenue-the customs of Lis-bon and Oporto and such was the moral obligation held by the Chambers, that, without discussion, the govern-ment was authorised to negotiate as they ##################### delay, and without making special provision, ############################################################ Bay on the 24th ult., where were expected ######################################## Charlotte from Beyrout, and the Calcutta, Britannia, ######################################################### from Beyrout, and the Calcutta, ######################## from Malta. The Britannia, 120, Capt. Drake, ############################################################################################################################################################################################# the half dividend now in course of discharge. Three years and a half have passed without receiving any sensible relief, and, the moment a disposition is shown to repair the injuries sustained, the government is a@ssailed by language the most intemperate, and conduct very un-grateful. I hope very few will be found to recognise the pro@ceed-ings likely to emanate from such announcement, but rather assume the gentlemanly bearing and quiet perseverance of Mr. Thornton, whose exertions have been really in-valuable to the service, and by whom alone we are@@ placed in our comparatively bettered condition. I am, sir, most obediently yours. Preston, Dec. 30, 1840. A ########################################################## Sir W. O. Pell, arrived in port ##################################### from England. Sir Woodbine Parish arrived here ############################################################# ########################################################################################################################################################## to the ################################################################################################################## The publication of The ################ @ﬁnished yesterday morning at Eight o'clock. THE MORNING CHRONICLE. LONDON FRIDAY, JANUARY 1, 1841. The Finance Minister, M. HUMANN, presented on Wednesday the budget of 1842. The ordinary and extraordinary expenses are esti‐ mated at 1,316 millions of francs. The ordinary revenue is estimated at 1,162 ############################################################################################################### they know that the oppressed party can only ############################## himself by an outlay which renders submission to ############################################################################################################################ has been slightly in‐ disposed since T@hursday last, but is now nearly recovered. His lordship has, in consequence, discontinued his dinner parties, but will resume them to-@morrow, on which day the noble lord will enter his 82d year, having been born on the 1st of January, 17@59.-Brighton Gazette. ############################################################## of francs. But as the treasury has still a reserve of 120 millions, the creation of these rentes is not ur‐ gent. The Minister will wait for favourable cir‐ cumstances, and demands the power of @ﬁxing the time and rate of issuing a loan. The Minister declared that, believing in the con‐ tinuance of peace, he did not intend to suspend the public works of peace, but would demand a credit for them. Both the Courrier Français and Constitutionnel of Wednesday reject the advances, or supposed ad‐ vances, of Russia, contained in the reported note of Count ############## do justice to these Liberal organs, if their hurt pride directs their animosity against England, an older and more deeply-rooted sentiment dictates resentment against, and mistrust of, Russia. Yet, if Russia display no more ambi‐ tion than she has done in the late events, we do not see why she is to be depicted as the fee, fau, fum of the West. The great, the dangerous, cause of quar‐ rel, enmity, and mutual distrust hitherto, between the nations of Europe, has been the doubt and dark‐ ness which rested upon so many questions. But, one by one, these are clearing up. Ten years back Russia might have hoped to be able to swallow up Con‐ stantinople, without exciting the jealousies, or, at least, the opposition of the rest of Europe. France, till very lately, conceived the possibility of converting Egypt, Syria, and Arabia into a new empire, to be governed in the sphere of French ideas. Neither of these schemes is feasible, simply because the world is too much awake. The Levant was a terra incognita twenty years ago, where any Power almost might plant its standard. Now, any accession of territory or in@ﬂuence there would excite almost as much di@ﬀiculty and danger as similar ambition on the Elbe or the Rhine. Had England any ambi‐ tion or sel@ﬁsh views, or did any English statesman entertain such for her, these are checked and cut short by t@he late events quite as much as the am‐ bition of other Powers. Exclusive advantages in the Levant are now not to be sought or obtained by the Powers of Europe. What an immense gua‐ rantee of peace is there in this addition to the public law and right of Europe@! We feel that any plot or alliance for the purpose of setting aside this public right, and breaking through the laws of Europe, is @ﬁrst of all not to be dreaded as possible, nor, were it possible, could it be successful. The French jour@‐ nalists, who idly talk and none but journalist@ do talk of it of an alliance between France and Russia, mean an alliance the result of which would be France taking the frontier of the Rhine, and Russia taking Constantinople. Now, we do not believe that any French and Russian statesmen would sign ######################################### cannot protect the people from courts de‐ termined to set it at de@ﬁance, trusting to the di@ﬀiculty of distinguishing between venial and criminal fallibility. The only remedy worth any‐ thing is to abolish such court, root and branch. In the resolutions agreed on at the Monmouth meeting, it is stated that the Ecclesiastical Court of Llanda@ﬀ, which has been in the habit of issuing citations for small amounts of tithe, has displayed a want of respect for the laws of our country, and ex‐ ercised a power dangerous to the liberty of the sub‐ ject, which ought not to pass with impunity. But we suspect this and every other Ecclesiastical Court acting with the same barefaced disregard of the law, may count on impunity. This opinion we deliver with due hesitation but, as the conduct of the Court of Llanda@ﬀ has excited much indignant feeling in Monmouth and the parts of the county adjacent, and a subscription has been set on foot to enable the Widow YOUNG to obtain redress, if redress is to be had, it is not impossible that the point will be de‐ cided respecting which we are in doubt. If any degree of iniquitous practice, short of barefaced cor‐ ruption brought home to a judge, can serve as a ground for punishment, it is to be found in the prac‐ tice of the Ecclesiastical courts. In the Plympton Papers, published some time ago by the Camden Society, a curious light is thrown on the conduct of ################## who, it appears, played very di@ﬀerent parts from what might be inferred from the statements re‐ specting them in our common histories. These gentlemen, like the practitioner, in our Ecclesiasti‐ cal Courts, proceeded according to law. They had the same objects in view, the acquisition of plunder, but yet they set law less at de@ﬁance than the Ecclesiastical Courts have done. To be sure, they @ﬂew at higher game than Widow YOUNG, and the other unfortunate cottagers caged by the Bishops' Court of Llanda@ﬀ, and hence their death‐ less renown. No man in England can long hope to oppress the rich with impunity. Excessive @ﬁnes and excessive bail @ﬁgure conspicuously in the Bill of Rights, though, in comparison to the incomes of the parties, heavier @ﬁnes and heavier bails than those which led to the clause in the Bill of Rights are of every day occurrence in our police courts. But nothing can be too heavy for a poor man, and nothing too light for a grandee. The late attack by the Times on the Abney Ceme‐ tery, although it thinly veiled the most sordid and intolerant purposes by an a@ﬀected zeal for sanctity nd security, will render good service should it occasion the direction of public attention to the ne‐ cessity of multiplying cemeteries beyond the bounds Conveyed to cemetery grounds, such a, have been recently established, the abodes of the dead would minister both to bodily and mental health, instead of di@ﬀusing contagion. The great obstacle to the provision of further ac‐ commodation of this description is in the inordinate claims and intolerable assumptions of a portion of the clergy. The Kensal Green Cemetery has to pay @ﬁve shillings to the incumbent of every parish from which a corpse is brought for interment in a brick grave, and 1s. 6d. if it be put in a common grave in the open ground. If the body be brought from Marylebone, there is an additional tax for the well‐ known rector of 2s. 6d., which is called the SPRY tax. From this ground alone, the clergy have re‐ ceived upwards of £2,000, for no duty done, and with no reason whatever, except that people die in their parishes. The Highgate Cemetery is sub‐ jected to the same extortion, with this di@ﬀerence-that Kensal-green is only taxed on behalf of incum‐ bents of parishes situate both within the bills of mor‐ tality and the diocese of London while Highgate pays toll to all within @ﬁve miles of the cemetery. The Westminster Cemetery, at Kensington, is com‐ pelled to pay, for every corpse, ten shillings to the clergyman of the parish of the deceased, and one shilling to the clerk and the extortion extends to a circle of twenty miles in diameter. We have men‐ tioned these grounds in the order in which the acts of Parliament were obtained. In that order has the imposition been augmented. Every new bill has been obstructed by a demand of more money. The Abney Park Company has resisted, and not before it was high time. They have found other means for obtaining sanctity and security than by submission to such growing rapacity. The result shows they were right and we rejoice to see, by Mr. COLLISON'S interesting book on Cemetery Interment, that the episcopalian funerals, in this beautiful ground, are more than two to one as compared with those of dissenters. It is a strange claim, this assumption of clerical property in corpses. The connection is not obvious between a cure of souls and a poll-tax on carcases. The Romish priest, granting his doctrine, is properly paid for praying a spirit out of purgatory, but the Protestant priest is paid when he does not even pray the body of his parishioner into the grave. He sits at ease in his parsonage, over his wine, and becomes entitled, by the mere fact of his existence, to his @ﬁve shillings, if he is within @ﬁve miles of a funeral in Highgate Cemetery or if he be a Dr. SPRY, in Marylebone, to his seven shillings and sixpence or to his ten shillings if within ten miles of Kensing‐ ton. The involuntary relation of having been his @ﬂeeced parishioner is extended beyond the boundary of mortality and this one species of grave plunder @ﬂourishes as if Mr. ################### Bill had never passed. The body snatcher is quelled, but the fee snatcher @ﬂourishes. There is said to be no canon or other law in England for the consecration of burial grounds and there is certainly no law of Christianity for the mischiefs of which that ceremony however becom‐ ing in itself is made the pretext. Hedges have to be run up to part the graves of Dissenters from those of Churchmen. Member, of the same family, who have lived in harmony, and would repose together notwithstanding their theological dif‐ ferences, must be taken to separate chapels and consigned to remote graves, unless they purchase the unconscious neighbourhood by a sort of post‐ humous apostacy. The sectarian spirit of clerical domination kindles the torch of discord with the last spark of vitality, and shakes it over the grave. There are but two of the new cemeteries Norwood and Abney Park , and one of them unconsecrated, in which Death makes no distinction, and the graves intermingle of those who intermingled in living society. How the consecration of the Norwood ground escaped being also, like the rest, a desecra‐ tion, does not appear. But the fact has aided the popularity of the cemetery. A general measure of legislation is desirable, re‐ pressing these clerical exactions, prohibiting funeral, within the limits of the metropolis, giving public pledge of the perpetuity of the sepulchral character of grounds set apart for that purpose, and providing against o@ﬀensive demonstrations of the anti-national bigotry which whether in the Church or out of it , carries its paltry sectarian animosities and distine‐ tions into what should be the peaceful region, of the dead. un-derstood to have been perfectly satisfactory that he is a@gain to be heard by that body, and that M. Thiers will present his report to the Cham@er next week. The Constitutionnel mentions a rumour of Count de Flahault being sent to St. Petersburg to replace M. de Barante, who is to go to Vienna as ambassador, instead of M. de St. Aulaire while this latter diplomatist will take the post lately occupied by M. Guizot at London. We understand, says the Presse, that the French government has selected Baron Billing as a @ﬁfth com-missioner, to act, in case of a disagreement, as arbiter be-tween the two British and the two Neapolitan commis-sioners, who are to discuss the settlements of the sulphur question. Baron Billing is the senior of French Secreta-ries of Legation, and by a fortunate coincidence has @ﬁlled that o@ﬀice both at London and Naples. The British and Sicilian governments have hastened to notify that ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### his character and fortune give him, joins the ############################ being well-informed in matters of litigation, having to occupy himself with them every day as a member of the commission of indemnity for the colonists of Saint Domingo. A better choice could not have been made. Several of our contemporaries state that M. Cochelet, French Consul-General at Alexandria, has solicited @his recall.-Galignani. After the King had reviewed the crews of the Belle Poule and Favourite at the Tuileries, on Saturday, his Majesty gave to the commander of the Favourite 3,000f. to be distributed amongst the men of the two ships. Each sailor will have 7f. 50c. for his share. The Prince de Joinville, after the reception, informed the men, that each of them, without distinction, would receive a gold medal to be struck in commemoration of the transfer of the remains of the Emperor from Saint Helena. The Havre Journal quotes advices from Buenos Ayres, of 21st October, and from Montevideo, of 29th. At the former place a considerable quantity @of merchandize had ################################ on the Currency. The weekly tables, published in the Appendix to the report of the committee, are carried no farther than June, 1840, for the present, but when Par-liament re-assembles they will no doubt be con-tinued. In the mean time our correspondent had recourse afterwards to the Gazette returns, to sup-ply the means of carrying on his calculations. @He, therefore, took the average from the Gazette for the period from the 28th of April to the 21st of July, 1840, thus ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Author of Re@ﬂections on the Currency says that our correspondent treats the averages as if pub-lished for twelve weeks when they really are for thirteen. As this is a matter of fact easily ascer-tained, it is but right we should notice that the period embraced by the Gazette returns is 84 days, or precisely twelve weeks. From 28 April to 21 July, 1840, for instance, is exactly that period of time. Therefore the Author of Re@ﬂections on the Currency is wrong in asserting that the tables were obtained by multiplying the averege of thirteen ################################################################### were preparing to depart. Admiral Mackau's division had arrived at Montevideo, on the 25th, in thirty-one days from Goree. Preparations were making @ﬁrst for a landing at Martin Garcia, and then for going up to Buenos A@yres. It was said that a lieutenant of the French navy had been put to deat@h by Rosas, but no par@-ticulars were known. The total number of French vessels of war, gun-boats, @@c., in the Plata, were forty-four. ###################################################### market has been very brisk, and much business done. Public opinion seems to strengthen towards expectations of continuance of peace. For the Ac-count, the Three per Cents. opened at 76f. 60c., at which they close, after having been 7@6f. 90c. a rise of 10c. The Five per Cents. ope@ned at 110f. 70c., advanced to 110f. 90c., dropped to 110f. 60c., and close at 110f. 70c. a rise of 20c. For Money, the Three perCents. and Five per Cents. are 35c. higher. Bank of France, and Belgian Bank Shares, and Belgian Five per Cents. are as yesterday. Belgian New Loan † lower. Belgian Three per Cents. for the Account, 69f. 35c., and 69f. 15c. Spanish Active, from 25f. declined to ##### with little business done a fall of 1 8. Passive as yesterday. Neapolitan Bonds are 30c. higher. Roman have not altered. Railway Shares ################################################################################################################################################## per Cents@. ###################################################################### Spanish ####################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Paris papers of Wednesday have reached us by our ordinary Express. We have already ad‐ verted to the only topics of interest discussed in these papers. We subjoin some extracts. The law, regulating the labour of children in ma‐ nufactories, passed by a large majority on Tuesday. We have received a @ﬁle of Malta papers to the 17th ult., but their intelligence from the Levant is anterior to what we have already given by several days. It was expected at Alexandria that most of the European residents who had left Egypt would now return thither. The Austria@n Observer, in its intelligence from Con‐ stantinople of the 8th ult., states that the Porte, as well as Admiral Stopford, had refused to ratify the convention of Commodore Napier, who was considered to have gone too far. At that date, however, the despatch from Lord Palmerston, which was forwarded by Admiral Stopford to Alexandria, was not known in the Turkish capital. Extract of a letter from Constantinople, 8th ult - We had a dreadful gale here on the 1st inst. Among the known losses are the barque Emma, Captain Hudson, loaded at Odessa with linseed and tallow, captain and all hands perished the schooner Robert Symms, of Ply‐ mouth, loaded at Odessa with tallow, captain and three men saved, four lost the Russian commercial steamer Neva or Emperor Nicholas, Captain Rogers, from Odessa, with passengers and cargo, 13 of the crew and six pas‐ sengers lost, the captain, @ﬁrst engineer, and four or the crew, with four male and two female passengers saved-these went on shore to the west and last of the Boghaz. The Seri Pervas, Austrian commercial steamer, left Constantinople just before the gale set in, with 525 Turkish soldiers, for Beyrout. She drifted out of her course, and was wrecked near the entrance of the Gulf of Moudania two soldiers washed o@ﬀ the deck, six or eight frozen to death, and all the rest, including several Austrian o@ﬀicers going to join the army in Syria, with the crew, saved. Several ships are lost in the Bosphorus. The Tahiri Bahiri is just put in from Syria, but there is no time to learn what she brings before the departure of the present. The Turks are displeased with the o@ﬀicious interference of Commodore Napier. The Crescent steamer, on her passage from Trebisond, was struck by a sea, which carried twelve deck passengers overboard. The Turkish steamer Zibaishi Zidgeiret, also from Tre‐ bisond, had three passengers carried overboard and seven frozen to death. Another letter says- The storm of the 1st caused ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ latest Madrid letters are of the @22d ult., with little news. From Guipuscoa we learn that on the 14th a commission reached Aspeitia in order to make an inventory of the e@ﬀects of the Convent of Loyola. The order was resisted and it is supposed that the convent must be evacuated by force. From the discussion of the loan in the Dutch Chambers, it appears that out of a revenue of 52 millions of @ﬂorins, 40 millions are required for the interest of the debt. The Duke of BORDEAUX has gone to study naval science and a@ﬀairs in the Arsenal of Venice! This is no joke. The Augsburg Gazette says so. The last of a dying race taking lessons in an extinct arsenal! The Prince ############ and the crew of the Belle Poule ought to shudder at the prospect of seeing the Duke of BORDEAUX sail out in the Bucentaur, to espouse the Adriatic! ############### steam-vessel Avon, Lieut. ############## passed on to Sheerness from Plymouth with men for the Monarch, 84, and Vernon, 50, at Sheer-ness. The Inconstant, 36, Captain PRING, has arrived at Plymouth, from Cork, with volunteer seamen for general service. Tne Vindictive, a @ﬁne frigate, to mount upwards of 50 guns, is preparing here with every despatch for commission and at Plymouth also are two more of the same class bringing forward, namely, the Portland, 50, and America, 50. The greatest despatch is used here in the equipment of the St. Vincent, 120. a three-decker of the largest class she is getting rigged, and otherwise @ﬁtting for sea. The pendant will be hoisted in about a month. The Vengeance, 84, is in the basin, rigged and masted, and only waiting orders for commission. The Driver, a new steam-ship, recently launched here, is in dock preparing for immediate com-mission. She is intended for the Mediterranean. The Impregnable, 104, Captain ############### C. B., and Belleisle, 78, Captain ############# are in Ply-mouth Sound, where they will complete their crews and sea stores. They will not proceed to the Mediterranean, however, for some time. The Indus, 84, Captain Sir ############### and Tweed, 29, Commander DOUGLAS, are alougside their respective hulks, @ﬁtting out. Both ships will be ready for sea about the 25th of January. The above are the only ships equipping here, but orders are daily looked for to commission several more. The steam frigate Phoenix is rapidly re@ﬁtting in the harbour, to return to the Mediterranean. There is no commander yet appointed to her. It is expected that she will pro-ceed about the 5th of January. The Apollo and Athol, troop ships, are nearly ready for sea. They will go to Cork to transfer troops, the 42d Regiment, thence to the Ionian Islands. The Neptune, 120, is to be overhauled at this port for commission, if necessary.@-@Brighton paper. Extract of a letter dated from on board the Prin-cess Charlotte, Marmorice Bay, Dec. 13. 1840 - I am sorry to inform you that the Zebra was driven on shore and totally wrecked, with the loss of three of her crew. The Belle@rophon was nearly lost, and the Pique lost her masts. Dreadſul weather on the coast. We, thank God, have escaped, but most miraculously four anchors ahead. I never saw worse weather. We have 12 sail of the line here, and a host of small craft. ############################# FERGUSON arrived in this city on Monday, and is no doubt now among his constituents. Of his success there is no doubt, and the Tory gentleman who has been reconnoitring the ground is now satis@ﬁed, we presame, that he might have spared himself the trouble.-Scotsman. ################################ watch committee and the magistrates have taken into their consideration the application of Colonel MOLYNEUX, of the 8th Hussars, as to the police of the city having a ge-neral order to salute him when they meet him in the street, and though it is the wish of the mayor and magistrates, and also of the watch committee, that a proper courtesy should be shown to the gallant colonel and to the o@ﬀicers of the regiment by the police force and they think that, as the colonel wishes it, the courtesy of lifting their hats @might be extended , yet they feel that no order can be made to that e@ﬀect such as would go to exclude a man from the force who should not comply with the de-mand of the colonel. There can be no doubt but the extraordinary manner in which the complaint was made, has subjected the gentleman who could make it to the sport of the citizens during the merry-makings at Christ-mas, for they seem in a universal titter about it but the individual desire of the magistrates is unquestiona-bly that the deference should be shown. No doubt they feel that to make an order in the business would subject them also to no small share of public ridicule. The policemen who have been branded by the gallant Colonel as a set of d-d bl-kg-s, determine net to move their hats.-Bury Post. ######################################################### correspondent show that the multiplication was the average of twelve weeks by three and that besides the Gazette returns are not the basis of the calculation, but only employed as an adjunct until the weekly statements are again made public. If, however, the committee on banks of issue should not call for the continuance of those weekly returns, or should they be discontinued after they have ful@ﬁl-led the object of their appointment, the Gazette re-turns would be again necessary to carry on the cal-culations, and it rests with our correspondent in Coventry to say how far they could be relied on. The Author of Re@ﬂections on the Currency says his own opinions on the currency are, that it ought to be regulated by operating upon the rate of interest, and not upon the amount of circulation. Without attempting to follow his reasonings, we would brie@ﬂy remark that they contain nothing new upon the point, and that Mr. Tooke was unable to support the same theory before the committee. The questions and answers at pp. 356 and 357 of the Re-port show that it would be impossible to arrest the drain of bullion by means of any rational operation on the rate of interest. Mr. Tooke, in attempting to show that it could he done by such means without diminishing the amount of notes in circulation, was involved in a labyrinth of contradiction, from which he could not escape, and the Author of Re@ﬂections on the Currency does not make the theory, which really belongs to Mr. Tooke, and not to him, one iota stronger. It is in accordance with common sense that in proportion as the bullion leaves the Bank the directors ought to diminish the amount of paper which they have in issue convertible into gold. There was not much business doing in the Eng-lish Funds to-day, but prices continue to improve. Consols for the opening were quoted at 88 5 8 to ¾ in the early part of the day, but towards the close of business the price advanced to 88¾ to 7 8. Exchequer Bills were 1s. higher, being 3s. to 5s. prem. The Share Market was @ﬁrm, and South Westerns experienced a further improvement of 10s. per share. This was settling day in the Foreign House, where money was in demand, the rates for which varied from 6 to 8 per cent., according to the secu-rity o@ﬀered. Since the last settlement the @ﬂuctua-tions have been somewhat extensive, particularly in Peninsular securities. Spanish Actives, which were then at 23 5 8 to ¾, advanced to 24 ½, when, on the matters in dispute between Spain and Portugal being made known, a rapid decline took place to 22½, since which, however, a marked improvement has taken place in the Active Stock, which at one period of the day had advanced to 25¼ for money. In Portuguese, the extreme @ﬂuctuation was also considerable, amounting to up-wards of 2 per cent., and in South American from 1½ to 2 per cent. Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents. have given way 1 per cent. within the same period. At the opening of the market this morning, Spanish Actives were quoted at 24¾ to 7 8, but on some in@ﬂuential parties appearing as buyers, prices gradually improved to 25 3 8 to ½, at which they closed @ﬁrm. In South American Securities, a fur-ther improvement took place of nearly ½ per cent. Consols for the opening closed at 88¾ to 7 8 Three per Cents. Reduced, 88 7 8 to 9 Three-and-a-Half per Cent. Reduced, 97 3 8 to ½ Bank Stock, 156½ to 7 Exchequer Bills, 3s. to 5s. prem. Spanish Actives, 25 3 8 to ½ Deferred, 13 to ¼ Passive, 6 3 8 to ½ Portuguese Five per Cents., 32¼ to ¾ ditto Three per Cents., 21 to ½ Dutch Five per Cents., 97¼ to 3 4 ditto Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 51 1 8 to 1 8 Belgian, 97 to 8 Colombian, 24 to ½ Mexican, 29 to ½ Peruvian, 15 to 16 Brazilian, 70½ to 1@½.@ Birmingham old , 81 to 83 prem. ditto ¼ shares , 22 to 4 South Western, 56 to 7 per share Great Western, 25½ to 6½ prem. Manchester and Leeds, 6 to 8 prem. Manchester and Birmingham, 15 to 13 dis. Birmingham and Derby, 28 to 6 dis. Gosport Junction, 5 to 6 prem. Brighton, 6 @to 5½ dis. Blackwall, 4½ to 4 dis. London and Greenwich, 8 to ½ per share. The following were the o@ﬀicial quotations in the di@ﬀerent markets during the day -ENGLISH ################################################# demand for all kinds of produce is still almost suspended and, in consequence, we have little scope for remark. In the SUGAR market not a single transaction has taken place since Thursday last, and prices remain quite nominal but, with so small a stock on hand, ############ be supposed a further decline will take place. We anti-cipate some improvement in the course of a few weeks. The COFFEE market also remains in a very ################ the merchants refuse to o@ﬀer their stock at pre-sent, while the trade appear disposed to hold back until they can ascertain what quantity of Co@ﬀee is yet to come from the Cape of Good Hope and the few operations have not produced the least change in prices. TEA meets with a steady demand from the dealers, and full prices are paid. Company's Congou is now held for 2s 1½d to 2s 1¾d per 1b cash. The tendency of the market is upward. TALLOW has become @ﬂat, with rather lower prices. P. Y. C. 47s 3d on the spot. DECREE OF THE GERMAN @DIET AGAINST TRADES@ ##################### OFFICIAL NOTIFICATION. The following decree of the Supreme German Fe-deral Diet of the 3d of December, 1@840, is, on the autho-rity of the @hon. Senate, hereby brought under general cognizance. City Chancery, Frank@kort-on-the-@Maine, Dec. 22, 1840. THE DECREE. ABOLITION OF THE UNIONS EXISTING AMONG GER-MAN WORKING TRADESMEN, AND ######################## The united governments are agreed upon carrying into e@ﬀect uniform measures with respect to such handi-craftsmen as by participation in illicit unions of journey-men, jurisdictions of journeymen, strike@, and the like malpractices, have o@ﬀended against the laws of the c@@oun-try. Wherefore, 1. From such handicraftsmen as may be guilty of any of the said o@ﬀences in one of the confederate states to which they do not belong by domicile shall be taken, after trial and punishment, their wanderbücher or travelling passes, in which the committed violation of the law cor-rectly described shall be noted, with the allotted pubish-ment, and the said wanderbücher and travelling passes shall be sent to the authorities of the domiciles of the respective journeymen. 2. Such handicraftsmen shall, after undergoing their punishment, be transferred, by prescribed routes, to the states wherein they have their domici@les, and shall there be detained under strict inspection, in order that they may not be permitted to obtain employment in any other state of the confederacy. Exceptions from this decision shall only take place when the government of the do@mi@-cile. in consequence of the continued good conduct of a returned handicraftsman, shall be induced to give him a new wanderbücher or travelling pass for other states. 3. The governments are to provide ############### descriptions of the handicraftsmen who, on account of the aforesaid o@ﬀence, have been sent home, ### to make reciprocal communications respecting those who, by way of exception, are permitted to resu@me their travels. 4. The preceding regulations shall be expressly ############## to every handicraftsman on the commencement of his travelling period, before his wanderbücher, or tra-velling pass, be delivered to him and that this has been done, must be o@ﬀicially recorded in the register of travel-ling workmen. 5. The promulgation of the present decree shall be made in each state of the confederacy, according to its constitutional forms, and, certi@ﬁcation of the same being done, shall be returned to the Diet within tow months from the date hereof. A journeyman is obliged to travel for a certain num-ber of years, and ﬁnd #### in di@ﬀerent states, before he can set up at home as a master of his own trade. On the termi-nation of his apprenticeship his ##################### years commence, and the@ a ######################## book , in w@hich ######### and other particulars ############ given him. COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR-THURSDAY. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness @Prince Albert walked for some time this morning on the terrace of the Castle. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Fanny Howard, took her accustomed exercise. Her Majesty rode out this afternoon in an open pony phaeton, which was driven by his Royal Highness Prince Albert. Colonel Wemyss, Mr. Rich, and Captain Sey-mour were in attendance. His Royal Highness Prince Albert honoured Mr. Fowler with an interview this morning, and inspected a @ﬁnis@hed picture and sketch of her Majesty the Queen. Lord and Lady Holland and Sir George Grey are ex pected to arrive this evening on a visit. His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge ar-@@rived at Cambridge-house, Piccadilly at a quarter before four o'clock yesterday afternoon, from the continent. His Royal Highness after his arrival paid a #### to the Duchess of Gloucester, and in the evening dined at Gloucester-house. The Right Hon. T. B. Macaulay has arrived at Br@oad-lands, Hants, on a visit to Viscount and Viscountess Palmerston. The Earl of Minto has left town for his seat near Hawick. Despatches for the Governor of Ceylon were sent oﬀ yesterday, from the Colonial-o@ﬀice. The Marquess of NORMANBY has returned from town to his residence in @Eas@tern-terrace.-Brighton Gazette. By the recent demise of Lord ############## son of Lord ELGIN, his sister, Lady ################### lady of the member for North ################################################################# fortune, approach-ing to thirty thousand a year. The ##################### extended the li-cence of the Haymarket Theatre, by wh@ic@h act of the spirited and able manager @of this favourite place of amusement will be enabled # continue his ############################################### 3@½ per Ct. Red., ## 3½ per Cent. New, 97 1 8 ¼ ex. div. for opening Lo@ng Anns., exp. Jan. 5, 1860, 12 15 6 pm. ####### Belgian 5 per Cent., 97@½ Colombian @6 per Ct. 1824, Acc., 24 Mexican 18@37 Acc., 29 Portuguese 5 p@er Cent. New, @32¼ Ditto Acc., 32½ 5 8 Ditto 3 per Cent., @@21¼ Ditto Acc., 2 8 Spani@sh, 24@¾ # 4 ########################################################################### #### £1,000, 2 5 3 pm. Ditto £500, 4 2 5 3 pm. Ditto Small, 4 6 pm. FUNDS. ###################################################### 4@½ per Cts., 101f. 50c., @ex. 25@f. 40c. Dutch 2½ per Cent., 51¾ 1 8 Ditto Acc., 51@¼ Ditto 5 per Cent., ############ Counties Debentures, 4 7 8 Great Western, 9231 Ditto New, 52 Ditto ########## 8 ¾ 11 Hull and Solb@y, ##### Lond. and Brighton, 44 @3¾ 4@½ ¼ London and ############ ½ London and Birmingham, 171 MISCELLANEOUS. @London Joint stock Bank, @13 Union Bank of London, ######################################################################## New, 16@¾ Ditto Scrip, 3¾ Lond. South Western, 56¼ @½ South-Eastern and Dover. 12@¼ York and North Midland, 10 PORTUGUESE BONDS. TO THE ###### OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE. SIR-I have read with much satisfaction your remarks of Tuesday on the subject of the meeting to be held on the 6th of January, and being an interested party, I can-not but repudiate the language in which the same is sum@-moned as much more likely to defeat than bene@ﬁt the welfare of the stockholders. It is confessedly notorious that Portugal is poor, labouring under the usual disad-vantage of a restoration, and it is rather too hasty to tax her with dishonour or dishonesty because she @ﬁnds herself temporarily compelled to forego her payments, without dispassionately looking to the circumstances of her posi-tion. Just immerged out of revolution, with a disquieted people, and charter ill-de@ﬁned-checked in progress of improvement by repeated outrages of popular violence, and her @ﬁnances expended @by necessary measures for consolidating the public peace and security-threatened on one side for a settlement of British claims, and menaced by Spain on the other upon the Douro question, she claims our forbearance rather than censure, at the present time more especially. I have carefully perused the de-cree for resumption of payment of the foreign debt, and I ########################################################################################################################################################### Chancellor and ########################### the Most Distinguished Order of ########## George, to be a Knight Grand Cross of the said ###################### Tuesday last, an occurrence of an extraordinary nature came to the knowledge of the inhabitants of Whiddon, near Rainhill. In the course of the day a plain-looking woman, with a child in her arms, walked into the Hanging Birch, a small beer-shop at Whiddon, and called for a glass of ale. This request was addressed to the female who kept the house, who, at the time, was busily employed preparing a batch of bread for the oven. She immediately abandoned her then occup@a-tion to wait upon her customer, and went down stairs to draw the beer, leaving her own infant in the cradle fast asleep. On her return from the cellar, the landlady's surpri@se may be conceived at @ﬁnding her customer had vanished, without waiting for the liquor she had ############# trouble of drawing. The abrupt depar@@tu@re of her guest caused no suspicion at the moment of anything being wrong, as everything, on her re-turn from below stairs, appeared just as she had #### little while, however, a discovery took place which nearly deprived the poor woman of her reason, and might have led to consequences not easily ########### child in the cradle having become ################## by loud screams that the attention ######## be desirable, the mother stooped to take it in her arms, when-who can describe the ########### feelings-she found the infant quite black ###### Thinking it was labouring under strong ####################### o@ﬀ for medical assistance in a state of mind bordering on distraction. The medical man, on being consulted, declared that nothing on earth ####### with the child, it being as healthy a babe as ha@d lately come under his inspection and as for the darkness of its face, it ############# natural causes, the fact being that the child was born black, for no other reason than because ################# must have been of the same colour. The truth of the matter instantly @ﬂashed across the ######## unhappy woman, and the conclusion was, that her own sweet babe had been carried o@ﬀ by the stranger wo-man, who had substituted this precious ############ huc-a black child, on the principle chat ex-change is no robbery.@@ The hue and cry ######################## but without leading to the discov@ery ############# of this wanton and cruel outrage. It ###### sense of shame induced by a@n ##################### of the female with a @man of ################### the cause of her practising #### ######### #### young darky, who was # the genuine double smut, and would rival in ustre Morison's ######## was immediately packed@@ oﬀ to ####### where, we believe, the nigger still remains, ########## hopes of paterni@ty.-Liverpool ##############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################