[OCR_toInput] Ixo. lop#, off C om Katav Jt Ct. AltfXI I . July, eit Iso. J , Caprkbo ■aiso. I. Mh, for N, i and Falmo Mauiltli I VaD Dlrmen'a Land. uit, out twenty-seven f mailer and five of tb# I 31. Jfrom Pernambuco and trcm Seville, Deverea.ix or Bremen, Beadilly and by the following Bankers -Messrs. Owslini? and Sharp, id, Fleet-street Messrs. Coutts, 69, Strand Messrs. Drummonds, Charing cross. M c ORAVIANS in GREENLAND.-It is con-ffdently hoped, that those who are enjoying in abundance the proverbial comforts of the Englishman's fireside, will not suffer the eonditiou and necessities of the Moravian Missionaries and their Christian flocks, residing in Greenland, to be laid before them in vain. On that ice-bound coast, where the cold is not unfrequently 40 or even 5U degrees below the freezing point, scarcely any fuel grows, and th# measure ot supply depends chiefly upon the drift di L OST, on the 33d ult.,a BRILLIANT BROOCH, with u drop and two pieces of diamond chain, in a case whoever ha found and will bring the same, complete, to Mr. Scripns, 18, South Molton street, Oxford-street, shall RECEIVE TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS REWARD. L AWRENCE and MARY GARLIC, deceased, formerly MARY KIRK BRIDE, spinster.-If the DAUGHTERS of tlie above persons, who were living on the 26th day of December, 1835, will apply to Messrs. Powell, F. and W. Br-derip, and WUde, solicitors, 9, Lincoln's-inn, they will HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE. S ECOND CENTENARY ofthe most remarkable Y.ar in Emtllih Hislory.-At FINSBURY CHAPEL, South-place, a LECTURE will be delivered, hy W. J. FOX, next Sunday Morning, on the ever-memorable EVENTS of the YEAR 1641.-To commence at Eleven o'clock. Q UEEN ADELAIDE'S LYING-IN HOSPI-TAU Queen-street, Golden-square.-The GENERAL QUAR TERLY MEETING of the GOVERNORS will be held at the Hospital, yi, Mpinday, January 11,1841, fer the ELECTION of a COM MUTER and OFFICERS for the ensuing year, and for the trans action of other business. J. SNOW, Secretury. Hospital, Dec. 3 , 11 40. L OCK HOSPITAL, January 1. - A QUAR TERLY and SPECIAL GENERAL COURT of the GOVER NORS of this Charity will be held on Thursday, the 14th instant, at One o'clock precisely, to receive a STATEMENT of the Quarterly Accounts to Cnristmas last, and for the purpose of consideriug the propriety of selling as much stock as may be required lor the com pletion of that portion of the new building now about to be con tracted lor, and of placing the proceeds thereof at Messrs. Drum monds' in the joint names of the Treasurers of the Building Fund. By order, RKNJ. MEREDITH, Sec. L ondon parcels delivery company. -Notice is hereby given, that the HALF-YEARLY GENE RAL MEETING of the REGISTERED PROPRIETORS in this Company, is appointed to be held at Rolls'-buildings, on Monday, the 11th instant, as provided by the terms sot forth In the deed of settlement. The Chair will be taken at Twelve for One o'clock. By order of the Board. HENRY COLLINSON, Directing Manager. Rolls'-bbildings, Fetter-lane, Jan. 1,1841. N ATIONAL PATENT SALT COMPANY.-. Notice is hereby given, that the next HALF-YEARLY GENERAL MEETING ofthe SHAREHOLDERS of thU Company will be holden at the Offices of the Company, No. 20, King's Arms-_ w _ ,u, D . -ard. Cob-man street, London, on Tuesday, the 19th day ol January nstaut, atOne o'clock precisely, at which time and place the Share holders will proceed to ELECT THREE. DIRECTORS, jn the place H ster, t entire OUTEF the 9th of January.-stationery-office, January 1, 1841. i Ship and Insurance I i required spectability. A preference will be given o a young man who i already have passed some time in a bHsmessjJbut applications f parents desirous of placing a well behaved and well educated y in employment will be considered. A moderate salary will b# g for the first year, and on its expiration a further arrangement he made if the parties should be mutually satisfied. Security wil required.-Letters with full particulars post paid to be addresw J. C., at Messrs. Skipper ana East's, N . 1, Ht. Dunstan's-hill. has a VACANCY fer a ram-street, Brunswick-square, London. square. Tho width of the terrace is 106 feet. S T. T Also, in Cavendish-mews, Charlotte-street. Bttbling for twenty-hor-es, five coach houses, coachmakcrs shop, lofts, and dwell rooms. The premises being divided renders th#in particularly eligi for commission stables as w#TKas a livery yard, or any business quiring spacious premises.-Inquire personally of Mr. Walter Park solicitor, 11, Nassau-street. Sohe. N Utters will bo attended to. JEWELLERY, SILVERSMITH'S, and HARD-able individual, commanding from £5,00 to £lO,UOO, the me? succeedingtoasnr TRADE, which hasbaenconducted by the p own?r's family nearly fifty years, and the profits of which £2,090 per annum.-Principals only willb# treated with, on pe application to Mr. Allen Davis, , Chatham-place, Blackfriars. and stead of Sir Henry Webb, Bart, who goes out of office by rota tion, and has given notice of his intention to offer himself for re-election , Edward Jerningham who has ceastd to be a director , aud John Htobert, Esq. who has resigned . By order of the Board, Company's Offices, Jan, 1,1841. J. P. ANSTICE. Sec. L ondon district loan company.-Respectable TRADESMEN and other deserving persons of either #ex. can be ACCOMMODATED with MONEY to any amount, from £10 to £100, and upwards repayable by weekly instalments, on the security of a promissory note of two or more responsible house keepers, according to circumstances, within forty-eight hours after being applied for, should the parties offering prove satisfactory.-Apply personally at the office, Portland Chambers, No. 75, Great Titvhfield-street. Oxford-street. LIFE ASSURANCE ASSOCIA-TION, 51, Old ftroad-stret.-Notice i, he-eby Riven, that tlie HALF YEARLY INTEREST, at the rate ol Four per Cent, per Annum, on the Capital Stock of this Associating, due the 31st of December lust, will become PAYABLE on the loth duy of January Instant. Proprietors can receive the same at the office on that or any sub sequtnt day, between the hours of Eleven and Pour o'clock. By order of the Directors, J. W. HAMPTON, Secretary, N ational loan fund life assur ance and DEFERRED ANNUITY SOCIETY, 26, Cornhill, London, December 24, 1840. Notice is hereby given, that the HALF-YEARLY INTEREST, at the rate of ft per cent, per uiinuraon the Capital Stock of this Society, which become due on the 31st ultimo, will become PAYABLE on the 11th instant and Proprietors can receive the same at the Office on that, or any subsequent dey, between the hoars of Eleven and Three. l y order of the Court of Director , F. FERGUSON CAM ROUX, Secretary. ALFRED George Lungley, Esq. .... .KV . ... . Joseph Thompson, rood which is brought by the sea during the few weeks of summer. I Auditors-Dr. O. Gregory, F.R.A.S. Professor Wlieatstoi Thr little brushwood which is produced io th# country is used for Actuary-W. b. B. Woolhouse, Esq., F.R.A.S. N ational loan fund, life assur ance, and DEFERRED ANNUITY SOCIETY, 26, Corn-hill, Capital, C 0,096, empowered by Act of Parliament. Dirbctors. T. LAMIB MURRAY, Esq., Chairman. J. Ellietson, M.D., P.R.S. I John Ilawson, Esq. H. Gordon. Esq. Clement Tabor, Esq. - . Joseph Thompson, Esq. Professor Wheatstone, P.R.S. tmlsome and adventurous these expeditions occasionally prove. We wish it were possible to dispense with ih labour and suffering they occasion. It sometimes happens that all the fuel they can ob tain is only sufficient to cook their food, but not to warm their sit ting rooms. Most of the building where the children meet for school are destitute of all means of warmth. If a sufficient sum were contributed, coals, and also stoves where nseded, could be pro vided and conveyed to the settlements through Copenhagen. Aeain, the perils to which th Moravian Greenlanders are exposed in oMaming loud lor their households often prove fatal to heads -f families, and the number of widows and orphans in the settlements left without their natural providers is unusually large, aud as there ar no wealthy m ighbours to apply to they sufftr greatly duriug the winter. We have had nothing to eat for two or three days, i often their cry, say the missionaries, but this we would not mind if there were hut food for our poor children. Thus the families of many truly Christian men are exposed to the greatest privations. 8oine frifuds in England and in St. Petersburg have established a fund, culled the Eliss-cad or barrel of meal of Elijah , from winch the missionaries have been enabled to render aid to these poor btarving lanuln s, but th s fund greatly needs to be replenished. The present appeal is strengthened by the consideration of the ex treme economy with which the mission in Greenland is carried on, tour stations with 24 male and female missionaries costing only £489 iu 1839, including nearly £100 for passage of missionaries. As th 1 Moravian Mission tunds are in arrear to the extent of above £3 ooo, it is iinuracLeuble to increase from that source the supplies already furn.shed, but contributions to th# obj- cts above speciffud will be thankfully re. eived for the account of The London Associa tion in Aid of the Moravian Missions, at the following place , but it will be necessary to specify that they are for Fuel for Green land, or for Tlie Elias Fund lor Greenland, or if given for Greenland generally the amount will be equally divided between both funds • -Messrs. Smith and Co., Lombard-street Messrs. Williams, Dea con, arid Co., Birchm-lane at the Office of the London Association, 38, Charles strict. Parliament-street Messrs. Hatchard, Piccadilly Seeley's, Fleet-street and Nisbet's, BernerVsireet, London also hy Messrs. Miles, Harford, and Co., Bristol Hobhouse and Co., Bath C. T. Cooke, E q., Cheltenham Messrs. Hall, West, and Co., Brighton Hayden' , Guildford Gurney and Co., Norwich Mori-lack's, Cambridge Attwoods and Co.. Birmingham Smith and Co., Derby, Nottingham, and Hull Rev.C. F. Bagshawe, Manchester Janus Montgomery, Esq., Sheffield Sawer. Esq. Exeter. E. Elwin, Esq., Dover aud J. E Id no CALAMITOUS FIRE, attended by LOSS of VV LIFE !-The late dreadful FIRE in Church street, Chelsea, by winch the Old White Horse public-house was totally consumed, also an unfortunate Young Man, a brother of the landlord, burnt to death, has been the means ol plunging several persons in great dis tress and pecuniary difficulties. The landlord, who had only partially insured hi furniture, ha lost everything his wife's sister is much injur d by jumpinc out of window. Al o a female lodger, who, having been the first to alarm the inmates, had great difficulty in escaping herself, and saving the lives of her three dear children, by first throwing them info the arms of the police, and then following them herself, and althoiuh promptly caught by one of that useful body, was severely shook, and internally injured. The whole of the above have a claim on the benevolence of their fellow creatures. A SUBSCRIPTION having been openvd for their relief, the Committee appointed for that purpose hereby publicly solicit the charitable assistance of the humane, feeling assured that a sympathy will be excited m favour of th unfortunate sufferers, being a ease of misfor tune from which none of us, wiih all our care, can say w are secure. In the midst of the festivities of the season, it must be truly pleasing to a generous heart to reflect, while surrounded by the enjoyments of life, that lie u contributed his mite to assivt and relieve the unfor tunate-the proper use to apply such riches as Providence in his mercy has been phased to bless him with -Subscriptions will be thankfully received by Mr. Benjamin Davis, sen.. Church-street, Chelsea, treasurer and by W. Sharpe, stock-broker. No. 1, Bank Chumbers, Loihbury, and 9, Lindsay-plac#, Chelsea. P ENINSULAR and ORIENTAL STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY, for establishing Steam Communi cation with British India, c. under Royal Charter of Incorpora tion, granted November, 1849. Capital One Million, in 2fl,000 Shares of £59 each, with authority, under the sanction of the Lords Com missioners of her Majesty's Treasury, to increase it to£l,fto0,090. Directors. •Arthur Anderson, Esq. Richard Bourne, Esq. Sir John Campbell, K.C.H. •Francis Carleton, Esq, Joseph C. Ewart, Esq. Caut. Samuel Thornton, R.N, Robert Thurburn, Efq. •Brodie M'Ghie Willcox, Esq. Charles Wye Williams, Esq. Peter John Do Zulueta, Esq. James Hartley, Esq. With power to add to their number, and elect a Chairman and Deputy Chairman. s • The Managing Directors. Auditors-The Hon. J.T. Leslie Melville Jameson Hunter, Esq. Bankers-Messrs. Williams, Deacon, Labouchere, and Co. Standing Counsel- H. Bellenden Ker, Esq. Solicitors-J. B. Do Mole, Esq., Merchant Tailor ' Hall J. A. M'Leod, Esq., Billiter-street. Secretary-Mr. Janus Allan. Th Directors have the satisfaction to announce to the Proprietary and tlie public, that the Charter ot Incorporation for the Company, which, among other advantages, limits tho responsibility of share holders to th amount of their respective subscriptions, has re ceived the Roval Asset t. - . . Applicants tor shares are informed that the first issue at par will be i'K hi TRADE, H ok und oilier l bt . Household Go ds, i allotted on the 20th January next, and that the deposit of £ft per share ' ' , ' 4 v - - 1 • 1 will be required to b# paid on or before the tirst of February, lWi, to entitle subscribers to receive a dividend out of the profits which will be declared in May, 1841. No further instalment on such shares will be required for six months. The prospectus and form of application for shares may be obtained s unesu-u i me unut-r iRiiPu miaul at the Company'sOttice, 51, St. Mary-ax#, and at 44, Regent-street, i 1 indei. lure now lies at the office of London at the City ot Dublin Steam-pawket Company's Offices. Li-rst. Ne. 1 Cheapside, London, soli- verpool and Dublin and of the Bankers and Solicitors ol th# Com-' ' pany. By rder, JAMES ALLAN, Secretary. oTiCK i liereliy given, that hy Indenture - . d ited i h# 21st day ol November, 1849, made between GEORGE aKTI.N COC K.. f Islington, in the county of M dtl esex, linen •r, of the first part John Dillon, of Kora-street, London, ions nian William Svmons Faulke. of Friday-sireet, Lou-warehousi-n'an and John Harris, of N wgat -market, Lon-liieal salesman, ol ilie second part and the several persons •n . Creditor of the sai I Grorge Martin Cock, who should - the said ndei t'ir of Die third part for the considerations n mentioned, the •jaid George Martin Cock did ASSIGN unto of John Didon, .' ilham Symons Faulke, and John Harris, Fxe utors. Adminisi. ator , and Assigns, all and singular his oilier l bts. Household Utensils, F,ituri' v and Furniture, and all other pe-souul Estate except i tasehold K-tat , upon certain trie-e n mentioned, for the BENEFIT ot the CRE-.''RS of the said George Martin Cock and that the said •i.t.ir is duly tiicubd bv Ihc said Georg# Martin Cock v the said Trust## , und is attest'd by the undersigned William ry Ashurst and that the sail .-aid William Henry Ashurs., for signature of U . rtditorv-I at d the tuth December, 1849. W, H. ASH URST, Solicitor fer th# Tru te g. iTO. 30, OLD BOND-STREET, Piccadilly, aad .1 No. 1, Old Jewry, Cltv.-The VOICE CONDUCTORS, invented Mr. E. SOLOMONS, Optician tthe sale of which is confined to the Esuioiisnmerit#', are s# small only one ouarWr of an inch dla-hn d ingeuiously constructed a to extend acute hearing to IiEaP. They are perfectly concealed from ot'servation, are ad-.U 1 i.ituntaueocslv, and g e immediate relief to Dicwe afflicted leaf .cm. The di tinjuishcd advantages of and p Solicitors-Messrs. Sweet, Sutton, Ewins, and Ommauey, 26, Basinghall-street. LIFE ASSURANCE. Besides the perfect seemity t th policy holder of a large paid-up capital, and accumulating funds, with moderate rates of premium, the following is on# amongst many of the advantages which belong exclusively to the principles of Life Assurance and Deferred An nuities, originated by the Society, vu. Power to borrow without delay, expense, or forfeiture two-thirds of all premiums paid upon a Policy of Assurance. PREMIUM FOR ASSURING £lOO Whol Lif . Age. 1 . d. Act. 1 i 8. d. 1 Age. 1 £ 8. d. 25 I 1 18 6 1 1 2 19 11 1 45 1 9 4 39 1 _2_ 4 4 1 43 J 2 18 8 J 59 1 4 4 2 DEFERRED ANNUITIES DEPARTMENT. By the plan exclusively aoveloped by the Society, a single Deferred Annuity is made, not only to answer tho same object, but to equal in amount th# entire sum ef all the advantages heretofore only obtained by the middle and industrious classes by separate investments In Saving ' Banks, Benefit Societies, and Loan Banks. 1. A small yearly, or weekly contribution, will secure the moot ample return for after lit# thus-£2 12§. per annum a shilling a week at 20, will, at 6ft, g've the policy holder the choice of an an nuity for life of £47 16s. cd. £394 Us. in cash or Policy without further contribution, of T4t 6 at death. 2. Two-thirds at anytime lent on deposit of Policy, being a fund always available during sickness or want of employment. 3. Two-thirds of all payments returned to representatives in case of prematare death. N.B. Policies, as collateral money security for periods of one to five years, effected at lower rates than charged hy any other office see Tables A. and B. , with option of centinuunce for Life, at the usual rates. F. FERGUSON CAM ROUX, Secretary. M JULCON A KYLE BONE and FINCHLEY TURN-PIKE-ROAD.-Notice is hereby given that the GENERAL ANNUAL MEETING of th# TRUSTEES of the above road, acting under and by virtu# of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 7th year of the reign of King Georze 1V entitled ''An Act for making a Turnpike-road from 8t. John's Chapel, in the parish of St. Marylebone, to the north-east end of Ballard'6 lane, abutting upon the North-road, in the parish of Finchley, with a Brunch there from, in the County of Middlesex and of another Act, made and passed in the 5th year of the reign of King William IV., entitled An Act to incorporate the Avenue-road, in the parish of St. Marylo-bone, with the St. Marylebone and Finchley Turnpike-roads, in th County ot Middlesex, will be held at the h use of Mr. Redmond, the Swi s Tavern, near Junction-gate, on the above road, on Wednesday, the 10th day of February now next, at Twelve o'clock at Noon. Dated this ilstday of December, 1840. CHARLES FREETH, Clerk to the Trustees of the aid Board, 65, Welbeck-slreet, Cavendish-square. GLASS WORKS. APSLEY PELLATT, only surviving partner ot the late firm of Pellatt and Green, many years sinceentirely removed from St. Paul's Church yard to the Falcon Glass Works, Itollaud-street, Blackfriars, where he 1ms show rooms for every description of table glass, toilette and smelling bottles, cruet sets, newly invented renaissance, chandeliers, lustres, lamps, chemical glass also the nowest patterns of china table, dessert, nnd tea services.-Printed lists, with sketches, may b had on application. The extensive glaps works may be seen in full ojeratiou any Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday. L ~OSS OF TEETH SUPPLIED WITHOUT SPRINGS, CLASPS. OR WIRES, LOOSE TEETH FASTENED, AND FILLING DBGATHD TRUTH WITH MINERAL MARMORATUM. Monsieur LB DRAY Surgoon-Dentlst, No. flti, Newman-strest, Oxford-streeL continues to RESTORE DECAYED TEETH with hil celebrated MINERAL MARMORATUM, applied without pain, pre venting and ou hi n the tooth-aohb, and rendering th operation of extraction unnecessary. He also fastens loose teeth, whether arising from neglect, the use of calomel, or disease of the gums. IN CORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL or NATURAL TEETH of surpassing beauty fixed, from one to a complete set. without extracting the roots, or giving any naln, at th following Paris Chargss -A single Artificial looth £0 10 0 A set A complete set 19 19 0 A complete set of Natural Teeth, beautifully mounted in arti ficial gums or fine gold, the sain# as charged 30guineas ....15 15 0 An entire set of his beautiful Mineral Teeth, highly finished, in the first style, the same as charged 49 pounds 21 6 Arranged on th# most improved principles, aRd restoring perfc rpo X TA aud referenctfs inquire at Mr. Clark #, Cheapside Mr. Early's, 13, Iloundsditch wood-street, Bishopsgate-street, London. T7ALUABLE FREEHOLD PROPERTY, V Salisbury and its vicinity -For SALE by Private Cent TWO commodious DWELLING HOUSES, with the gardens orchard adjoining, pleasantly situate within a mile from th cl Salisbury, on the north side of the turnpike road leading te I These premises are freehold, and, from their position and ger convenience, form most agreeable and desirable residences for gei families anxious to enjoy the advantages of town and country. Two eligible Freehold Dwelling Houses and Shops, situate adjoi each ether, in Silver-street, uud possessing a frontage on the Canal, in the city of Salisbury, in the occupation of reaped tenants, whose leases will terminate at Midsummer next, grocery business has been advantugiously carried on in the last-men-citor, Salisbury. DISPOSED OF hy Private Contract under a Fiat in Bank-pose, and completely fitted up with machinery and every requisite. The stock in trade has bten judiciously svlected. is of the fir lity, and rsady for immediate use. The situation is exce eligible in every point of view, and presents an opportunitj licitors or Mr. R. L. Hewitt, ironmonger-all of East Retford. C 1 patent axles, C springs, imperials, cap case, aud all the appt Nxually attached to highly finished carriages.-May be seen at 43, Craw ford-street, Bryanston-uquare. me JL DING. for £105, and a twelve-roomed ditto superbly for £ -G0 a single room, or a single article furnished equally moderate.W# request tiieeBp- 1 attention of country residents to the important fact that, regard! distance, we deliver their orders oakkia b fbbb.-PAINTER CO., wholesale and re'.ail cabinet, upholstery, and bedding manufac turer , Fin bury-iuare. C AJE ABINET FURNITURE and UPHOLSTERY furnishing, their Cabinet Stock is manufactured in the best man ner. warranted to stand any climate, comprises every kind given to any amount.-N.B. Always on hand a large s W'14 stuffed and covered in leather, at two guineas t drawing room chairs, 17s. 6d.. and substantial main dining-room or study, at 16s 6d. also excellently tables, warranted, at 4 1 guineas. The stock of earputs consists of magnificent Brussels, varying in price' i front 2s. 6d. per yard Vene-variety.-Thomas Paul and Co., cabinet-makers, upholsterers, an carpet-manufacturers, opposite the Mansion-house, city ef L#ndon. 13 RUSSELS CARPETS. LAMBETH-HOUSE, Marsh-gate.-All the new and beautiful patterns ir BRUSSELS CARPETS, at 5s. 6d. per yard j less fashionable styles, 3s. and 2a.6d. Also Turkey, Kidderminster, and Venetian carpets, floorcloths of every width, warranted thoroughly seasonvd on the right band side from Westminster-bridge, near the Marsh-gate E VER1NGTON and GRAHAM, 10, Ludgate-street, near St. Paul's.-Warehouse for all the finest descrip tions of manufacture, at prices which exemplify the advanta ready money systwm of business. INDIA SHAWLS, GOLD S Arranged on th# most improved princij articulation and masticutioR. At horns 60. Newman-street, Oxford-street. les, aRd restoring perfect m ten till slx.-N.B. No. B ank of Australasia, incorporated by Royal Charter, 1835, No. 2, Moorgatt-street. Dirbctors. Charles Barry Baldwin, Esq., M .P. 8amu#l E. Magan, Esq. Edward Barnard. Esq. Jacob Montefiore. Esq. John 8. Brownrigg, Esq., M.P. Charles Morris, Esq. William Brown. Esq. Richard Norman, Esq. Oliver Farrer, Esq. William Sargent, Esq. Sir Andrew Pellet Green, R.N. Barkers-Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths. SOLICITORS-Messrs. Farrer and Co., 66. Lincoln's-inn-fields. Sbcrbtary-W'illiaiH Millikan, Esq. M astication and articulation gua-RANTEED.-Mens. J. DEVIS, from Paris. Sureeon-Dentist, 52, Biikfr-tr# t, Portman-square, RESTORES DECAYED TEETH with his PATENT MINERAL HERMASTIKON, instantly curing tooth-ache, atiu rendering the operation of extracting unnecessary. Loose teeth fastened, arising from neglect, use of c ltmiel, er affec tion of ihegums. Motts. 1 calls theattention of the nobility and gen try te his newly-inventvd Teeth, for which he has obtained u patent through the Con tin nt being ol surpassing beauty, and fixed with out springs or wires from one to a complete set, without extracting the root.r or giving any pain, at th# following Paris charges -A sin gle tooth, 10s. a set, £5 a complete set of natural teeth, set in fine gold and artificial gums, £ift H6ually charged 30 guineas a set of newly-discoverwd teeth, 29 guineas, not to be equalled, arranged on the most scientific principles. rpm APERITIVE FOUNTAIN is so portable and well closed,that containing a pint of water it may be put into the pocket und its contents being introduced into the bowels, acts as efficiently as a dose of opening medicine, but more quickly and comfortably. This very simple remedy preserves persons from th# sufferings that embitter the existence of those who are subject to rostiveHrss, und from the organic disease which uitimatuly proves fatal to all who persist in habitually taking purgatives for the re lief of indigestion und other disorders of the stomach aud intestines. The SOUND MAGNIFIERS, for which Dr. Scott the inventor of the Aperitive Fountain received the thanks of the Committee of th British Association, enable deaf persons to join in public worship, and to hear conversation without holding anything to the ear. As they are, Irom necessity, of divers powers, to suit each individual's case, those who aro unable to select the proper kind themselvec, may have it sent post free , by writing particulars of their deafness containing an order for payment to the Superintendant of Dr. Scott's Medical Rt-pomtory, 369, Strand, three doors from Exeter Hall. t .t assistance and improvement of sight, are, that they cow-n, d d Measure to the ey- during their continued use, and r T r H rlati7e xc e c ha ie- I The Court of DJuxior hereby giv# notice, that they grant LETTERS I TYAVIES'S CANDLES J'd Tier lb • Wax Tan. , a n iH ba t i o m a n o i c i i o n o f b i r BerJaniinC. of CREDIT, and BILHai thirty days' sight, on th#ir undermentioned I A ' V Vi 1 . ' J ,7 k, .'gh Holborn, London. DRITISH PAPER WAREHOUSE,46,Cornhill. XJ -9ELECTION of PRE8ENT8.-9howr oiiis for Elegancies and Novelties adapted for PRESENTATION.-New and improved patterns of ladies' and gentlemen's writing desks, dressing cases, work boxes, and tea caddies, envelope box-8, blotting cases, an im- i mens# variety of ladles' companions, which ar miniature morocco work boxes fitted with scissors, knife, thimble, teel#, 6cc richly gilt crimson velvet pocket books for 1841, together with the new Oxford editions of the Bibl# and Prayer Book, in every style of binding.-46, Cornhill, London. OTOCKEN'S PATENT ENVELOPES, superior 0 to any invented for security Stocken's patent Damping Buttle for securing postage stamps on letters the Camel's-nair Pencil, warranted not to break off 8tocken's Pure Cumberland Drawing Pencils black-bordered Envelop#, of the b st quality, eight dozen tot 2 . 6d. b##t copy books, 30. fid. per dozen Post-emce writing pap rs superfine Bath post, 5s. per ream, or 3d. per quire Note ditto, 3s. 6d. r ream, or 2 d. per quire. The largest and most elegant assortment of envelope cases, from 4s. blotting books, albums, scrap books, bibles. and prayer books, bound in velvet, Jcc. Name plate elegantly engraved, and 100 superfine cards printed for 5i at BTOOKhN'S, No. 53, Quadrant, Regent-street. OTOCKEN'S MAGNETIC RAZOR STROP, 1 7 from 2s. each portable Dressing Cases, in russia or morocco, containing razor, shaving brush, strop, and comb, fee., for 10s. 6d. rosewood or mahogany Dressing Cases, fitted with two razors, button hook, tweezers, scissors, nail, tooth, hat, shaving, and hair blushes, with lock and key, only 18s. Cd. Brush Cases, in rus-sia or morocco letter, complete, with three of the best brushes, 17s. 6d. Dressing Cases, with silver fittings, from ten to fifty guineas one pair of the best ivory-handle Razors in case, for 8s. Cd. rosewood worx-bexes, with lock and key, is. 6d despatch boxes in russia or morocco travelling writing case#, ten inch #, with Bramah lock. 15s. 6d. each.-C. 8TOCKEN, Dressing Case Manufacturer, 53, Quadrant, Regent-street, next door to 8wan and Edgar's. rpHE Publication of BLACKWOOD'S MAGA-X ZINE, and the General Business of Messrs. William Black-wood and Sons, will b# CARRIED ON at 45, George-street, Edin burgh a# heretofore and in London, at their premises, 22, Pall-mall. -London, 22, Pall-mall. -VTEW QUADRILLES and WALTZES.- 1 The 11 most popular Quadrilles of the present season are Musard's Heine d'un Jour, two sets, each 4s. Le Brasseur de Preston, 4s. and th# two favourite sets from Le Postillion de Lonjurneau and the best Waltzes, Lanner's Labyrinth.-Loudon Chappell, 50, New Bend-street. rpo FLUTE-PLAYERS.-The FLUTONICON, X for January, contains the commencement of a series of Essays On Fingerings on the Flute, by W. James. No. 86, for January, also contains a new set of Quadrilles, by Musard Vestris's new song, Fairy, lead ihem Phillips's ditt#, ''The days that have faded Lovely night, and 8ix others. The whole lor 8d. sent by po#t. Is -Address the Editor, 23, Paternoster-row where complete sets in ngle numbers, or bound, may bo had also of Gang , 19, Poultry and all other hook and music sellers. rpHE PIANISTA or, Promenade Concert X Magazine of Piano-forte and Vocal Music, No. I., price One Shilling, is .publishod this day. Contents A complete Set of New Quadrille# by the celebrated Musard-A Popular Hong, with new embellishments by Mr. Crivelli and a New Ballad by Miss Costello, the elegant writer ef the Bocuges and the Vines. This number seut post free to any part of the kingdom, by enclosing ls.4d. in a pre-paid letter, addressed Editor of the Pianista, 23, Paternoster-row. Sold by 8h rwood's, and by Gauge, 19, Poultry and by all book and inusicseller# in the kingdom. l f R. AINSWORTH'S NEW ROMANCE.-ItX The SUNDAY TIMES PROPRIETORS beg to announce that they have entered into an ENGAGEMENT with W. HAR RISON AINSWORTH. Esq., Author of Rookwood, Crichton. • Jack Sheppard, Tower of London, 4ce., for the EXCLUSIVE PUBLICATION of his New Historical Romance, entitled OLD SAINT PAUL'S. To be completed in Fifty-two Weekly Numbers, th# first of which will appear in the columns of that journal on Sun day next, January 3,1841. Orders received by all newsvenders. iPrice Sixpence.-Printed and published by J. K. Chapman, 72, Fleet-street. PUBLICATIONS. On Saturday next will be published. Part IV. of Vol. III., completing the Third Volume of the TOURNAL of the STATISTICAL SOCIETY of • 1 LONDON. C0NTBNT8. 1. Mortality among the Poer in Limerick. 2. Education among Criminals and general Population in England and other Countries. 3. Plan of a New Common Plac# Book. 4. Statistics of a recently disturbed District in Monmouthshire. 5. Book Trade of various Couutries, Sec. Chas. Knight and Co.,22, Lndgate-street. On Saturday next, the 2d of January, in 3 vols. post 8vo., rn 1 p p 6 0 sultaun. 1 An Historical Romance. By Captain MEADOWS TAYLOR, ofthe 8ervice ofthis Highness the Nizam. Author of Confessions of a Thug. Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. This day, in vols. post 8vo., with Portraits of General Jackson, the President Van Buren , Daniel Webster, and Henry Clay, ■V RISTOCRACY IN AMERICA. Edited br FRANCIS J. GRUND, E i . • These are lively, shrewd, and amusing volumes, containing numerousdiveiting sketches of the high life of American society. -Morning Pest. . . Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. This day, in 2 vols. post 8vo., with Illustrations, ■ TARRATIVE ofthe CAMPAIGN of the ARMY 1A ,1 th. INDUS, in SIND nd KAUBOOL, in Disk and IM3. BtRICHARD HARTLEY KENNEDY, M.D., Late Chief of the Medioal Staff of the Bombay Division of the Army of the Indus. Crowded with anecdotes and descriutions. The work is extremely entertaining, and written in a spirit of vivacity unusual in narrative# of this class. It presents a vivid and interesting history of one of the most important eampaigus in which our Indian army has #ver been eugaxed. -Atlas. Richard B ntlev, New Burlington-street Publisher in Ordinary to her Majesty . PUBLICATIONS. NEW BIOORAPHICAL dictionary. N . fust published. Part XI. of a E V GENERAL BIOGRAPHICAL DIC-HUOHJi°M 3 d pttrily .rrang.J I,, l l. . P'ibli.hid for the Proprietor, b, B. PoIIowm, Ludgnt.-tr ct. ENCYCLOPEDIA MRTROPOLITANA. Just onbll-heit. price£1 l P.rtLII.of T iie encyclop.edia metropolitana. Edited by the Rev.HENRY JOHN ROSE, late Pellow of St. John's College, Cambridge. Published for the Proprietors by B. Fellowes, I.udgate-street. Just published, T HE ANATOMY ot the NERVES of the UTERUS. By ROBERT LEE. M.D., F.R.3. In folio, with 2 plates, engraved. Pricp 8s. London II. Bailliere, 219, Regent-street. This d y is published, post dvo., price 8s. 6d., L ETTERS from ITALY to a YOUNGER SISTER. By CATHERINE TAYLOR. With general goodness of writing, universal goodness of feeling, and altogether well calculated to serve the modest purpose for which the preface announces it to be designed. -Edinburgh Review. John Murrray, Albemarle-8tre#t. No# ready, Second Edition, 8vo fts., A WINTER in the WEST INDIES, described iu familiar Letter, to Hctirr Clay, E i., of Kcntuckj. Bj JOSEPH. JOHN OI RNEY. ef Eitrlliam. John Murray. Allwmarla-atreat. T HE CORAZZA SHIRT.-The only place for th. SALE or JASPER JOHN CAPPER'S CORAZZA and other SHIRTS, is his Ware-room, No. 8. Carl ton-chamber#, Waterloo-ploce. Pall-mall. J. J. Capper's only badness is the making and selling ef shirts, detached fronts, and collars and by confining his attention to these articles, and supplying them for present cosh only, he can confidently offer, at very moderate prices, shirts of the best materials and forms, madw to measure, and engaged to fit with pre cision and case. Tne linens or long cloths used are of the same superior fabrics which are sold by his father and brother, John Capper and Son, in Gracechurch-street, In the City, with a reputation established for more than tn years. 5ec O A. B. SAVORY and SONS, Goldsmiths, No. 14, Cornhill, Lon don, opposite the Bank of England , inform executors and others, wishing to dispose of SECOND-HAND PLATE, that, from having a ready sale, they can offer more advantageous prices than can be usually given by the trade payment may either be received in cash, or the uiuount allowed in exchange for other silver. P LATED CANDLESTICKS, of facture, with or without Branches also Tripods, Candelabra, Kpergnes with Branches to contain Light , TnaUrns and Kettles, Table Dishes and Covers, Corner Dishes and Warmers, Soup and Sauce Tureens c.-JOHN COWIE having been unremittingly en gaged in the #ale ot PL ATLI Altl iudls tor the space of twenty-six years, fearlessly proclaims Sheffield as the onlv town celebrated for the manufacture of the bent detcriptun of Plated Warr.-JOHN COWIE, Silversmith and Plater, ll, Holles-street, Cavendish-iquare. S ILVER PLATE.-Now published, and will be pent post rmifipplMforltrtimM letter, .PAMPHLET of T. COX SAVORY 8 price. 'f SILVER SPOONS and FORKS, with drawings of the patterns Tea and Coffre Services, with designs Presentation Plate, Silver-edged Plated Ware, the new plated on white metal Spoons and Forks, Ladies and Gentlemen's Gold and Silver Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Cutlery, La tie#' Gold Neck-chains, with drawings of the new patterns. The ground floor, first, second. HBd third floors are fitted up tor the exhibition of an exten sive Stock.-T. Cox Savory, goldsmith, 47, Cornhill seven doors from Gracechurch-stretil , London. F or coughs.-pectoral essence of COLTSFOOT.-Th# herb Coltsfoot has long been distinguished for its excellent properties in the cure of Coughs and other Pulmo nary Complaints uud this Essence has, in the conrue of a long practice, been found the most safe and effectual remedy for Coughs, and all Disorders of the Langs. It gently opens the breast, and im mediately gives liberty of breathing, without any danger of taking cold, and thus it affords great relief in Asthmatic Complaints. It allays the tickling which provokes frequent roughing, cleanses the small glands, relaxes the fibres, and thereby enlarges the cavities of the vessels.-thus it will prevent Consumptions, it before the lungs are ulcerated. It softens husky and dry Coughs, and heals rawnesd and soreness of th# chest.-Tkis Pactoral Essence is prepared and sold by F. Nowbery and Sons, 45, St. Paul # Churchyard, in bottles at 2s, 9d. and 3s.6d. each J. Sanger, 159, Oxford-street and in mostcountry town#.-Observe the name F.N wbery, 4 , St. Paul'#, is engraved in the Stamp. D R. JAMES'S FEVER POWDER and pjLLs! - Mr. James thinks it necessary to remind the public that Messrs. Newbcry, the late Agents of his grandfather, his father, and himself, are vending articles, of their own composition, under the name of Dr. James s-that he has cea#ed all connection with them, and appointed, as his Agent, Mr. Thomas Butler, Chemist, 4, Cheap-side, corner of 8t. Paul s, London of whom, and of most respectable Chemists and Druggists, the public may procure the genuine Powder and Pills, authenticated by his Mr. R. G. G. James's signature in the label,-without which the Medicines, although sold under his name, cannot be of his preparing. Dr. JAMES'S FEVER POWDER is administered with equal success in Fever, Inflammatory Diseases, Measles, Pleurisy, Sore Throats, Rheumatism, ice., and in Colds, Catarrhs, and particularly influens it ig found to check their pro gress and shorten their duration. Packets 2#. 9d. and Bottles 2ls.-Dr. JAMES'S ANALEPTIC J ILLS aro well known as n excellent Alterative in Chronic Diseases of th# Stomach and Bowels, Rheuma tism, Gout, Indigestion. See. Boxtg 4s. 6d. and24s.-Sold by Thomas Butler, us above also, in Ireland, by I r. Butler, 54, Lower Sackville-street, Dublin iu Scotland, by Davenport and Stedman, 29, Water-loo-place, Edinburgh the Apothecaries' Company, Glasgow, dec. fcc. J LAT SILVER WATCHES, of tlie celebrated LEVER construction, aud suitable for the waDtceat pocket, aro offered, price £6 6s. each. They nave the latest improvements, ure jewelled in six holes, have goia balances, maintaining power, three-quarter plate movements, tnamel dials they are sold with a writleu guarantee and description, and are recommended as being superior to any before offered to tne public at that priee. A large assortment of Gold Watches are also ready for selection.-DENT late of the firm of Arnold aad Dent ,82, Strand, three doors from the corner of Cecil-street. W ATCHES by WEBSTER and SON, Chrono-raster aud Watch Manufacturers, at price# thtrt will com mand public patronage, and if or equal quality lower than any house in London.-COMPENSATED DUPLEX WATCHES,ui n the prin ted the prizes - v. K . -itch combines the most perfect accuracy of performance with tho utmost elegance ciple of their chronometers, to which Government awai thre# years in succession. The compensated duplex in appearance, is not equalled in regularity by any watch, nor sur passed by the pocket cnronorHet i' j in d may be had of the smallest dimensions. Webster's newly-introduced Centre Seconds for the me dical profession, elezaut and novel In appearanco also their Patent detached Lever, and small Flat Horizontal for ladie#, all equally reduced in price, and warranted. Did watches taken in exchange. A selection of fine second-hand repeating, duplex, lever, aud hori-xental watches, by the most eminent makers, a little above half the original cont, am xental watches, by the most _ -, ' o#t, and nearly equal to new, warranted. Post letters attended to.-Webster ana Son, chronometer makers to th# Lord# of th# Admiralty, established 130 years, 3, Birchin-lane, Corn-kill, London. A RCHITECTS, BUILDERS, c., are respect-fully invited to an inspection of the largest STOCK of superior DRAWING-ROOM STOVES, including the Gothic, Grecian, and Elizabethan Orders, Fenders and rire Irons en suite, adapted for the simple Cottage, or th# magnificent Mansion. Also iinprovsd and substantial KITCHEN RANGES, with or without Steam Apparatus, Smoke Jacks, 4cc.-EVAN8'S 8TOVB GRATE MANUFACTORY stablish d in 1815 , 33, King Wlllitm-itreet, London-bridge. THE BEST LIFE OF NAPOLEON. This day, in 4 vols. 8vo., handsomely bound, price 30s. or in 26 parts, price Is. each , embellished with upwards of Twenty-four Portraits, Views. 8cc., B OURRIENKE'S celebrated MEMOIRS ofthe EMPEROR NAPOLEON. To which are now first added, a History of the Hundred Days, of the Battle of Waterloo, #f Napoleon's Exile and Death at St. Helena. '' Whoever wishes to know, not merely the General or th Em peror, but what the man really was, will find him well pictured in these Memoirs by the Private Secretary of Napoleon. -Times. Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. To be had aiso of all booksellers. This day is published, price ls.6d., A N OUTLINE ofthe PRINCIPAL DISEASES XI. of the EAR and their PROPKR TREAT.MENr. With l i -grams and Cases. By JAMES YEARSLEY, M.R.C.S., and Surgeon to the Institution for Curing Diseases of the Ear, 32, Sackville-street, Piccadilly. Nisbet and C ., Berners-street Churchill, Priuces-street, Soho sold also at the Institute for its benefit. A BOOK FOR THE DRAWING ROOM TABLE. Just published in one vel., 8vo., price 7s. cd., in embossed cloth, with an illustrated titl# page, J EST AND EARNEST. With ths anecdote#, tales, and descriptions interspersed tho volume is a pleasant one, which does honour to a literary debutant.' -Literary Gazette. Nothing tedious, something that is instructive, and muck that amusing. -Times. A very agreeable contribution to the light reading of the day, -Morning Chronicle. A sort of hilarious table-talk that we can tako up and put down as we list. -Court Journal, The different papers are wittily and well written. -Age. London Hugh Cunningham, St. Martin's-place, Trafalgar-square. VALUABLE NEW YEAR'S PRESENT. Now ready, a New Edition, revised, with 65 Plates, Woodcuts, and Maps.bvo., price 18#., , J OURNEY through ARABIA PETRiEA to MOUNT SINAI, and the Excavated City of Petra-th Edom of 10RDE. the Prophecies. By M. LEON DE LABO John Murray, Albeniarle-street. COMPANION TO MRS. MARKHAM'S HISTORIES. This day is published, 2 vols. 12mo.. 13#., half bound, PONY for tl a LADY. day is published, 2 ERSATIONS on NATURE and ART, the Information and Amusement of Young Persons. By John Murray, Aibemarle-street. Now ready, a New Edition, with Seventy-throe Plates. 8vo. 15e., T HE ART of FRENCH COOKERY. By M. CAREME, sometime Chftf of th# Kitchen to his Majesty George IV. Translated by WILLIAM HALL, Cook to T. P. Wil liams, Esq., and Conductor ot th Parliamentary Dinners of the Ri ht Hon. Lord Viscount Canterbury? U.C.IL , John Murray, Alb marie-street. Now r ady, a Sixth Edition, revised, with 250 Illustrations, 3 vols. ISINO.1 24# , P RINCIPLES of GEOLOGY or, the Modern Changes of the Earth and its Inhabitants considered as Illus trative of Geology. By CH ARLES LYELL, Esq., F.R.S. John Murray, Aibemarle-street. THE FOLLOWING NEW WORKS WILL BE PUBLISHED NEXT MONTH. A HISTORY of INDIA. By the Hon. MOUNT-STEWART ELPHIN9TONK. Comprisln, tlie Hindoo and Muiiumedan Period . role., uvo. Th, RELIGION, AGRICULTURE, lie., of tlie ANCIENT EGYP TIANS, By Sir Oartiiitr Wilkin,on. rol, eo. 3. A SECOND EXCURSION in ASIA .MINOR. By Cliarle. f ellow., Esq. Imperialsvo. 4. MOORCROFT and TREBECK'8 TRAVELS in PESHAWAR, CA-BOOL, and BOKHARA. rol,. dro. LIEUTENANT WOOD'S JOURNEY Io tlie SOURCE of III, T PUBLICATION? HE LADIES' MAGAZINE of GARDEN-INO. By Mrs, LOUDON. In Monthly Numbers, royal bv# with coloured Plates. The First Number is now published, price Bighteenpence. London published by William Smith, 113, Fleet-street. Edin burgh Fraser and Crawford. Dublin Curry and C . Just published, No. I., price is rpHE SUBURBAN fioRTICfJLTI'R 1ST. Hv JL J.C. LOUDON, F.L.S., H.S., Sec. To be completed in TweU Octavo Numbers. London published for the Author, by William Smith, 11 . Kl# t-•treeL .. Just published, T HE WESTMINSTER REVIEW, No. U8, lor January, uni. H. Hooper, 13, Pall-mall Fast. This day 1 published, price 6 ., mHE FOREIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW, j No. LII. CONTBKiS -1. Memoir ol Varnhagen von Ense. 2. Song# of tlie Ukraine. 3. Copyright In Italy. 4. Engraving-Ancient and Modern, ft. Fiedler's Journey through Greece. 6. Prince Puckler Muskau-The South-Eastern Picture Gallery 7. Liberia in Africa. 8. Boeckh-Archive# of the Athenian Navy. 9. The Syrian Question-France and England. 19. Music Abroad and at Home. 11. Miscellaneous Literary Notices. 12. List of New Pablications on the Continent, c. London Black and Armstrong. 8. Wellington-tropt'N T ArtM. rrono. rpHE MONTHLY CHRONICLE for January JL contains 1. French and English Alliance-. Letters from theContment Padua, Venice, Milan. Verona. Papal Politic#, Paint ing. Sculpture, Music-. Unpublished Scene from the Tragedy of Cosmo de Medici -4. The First Love, by Mrs. C. C. Clark -Visit to the House of Commons, by a Country Gentleman-1 . Cha racteristic of the Old Englis' ~ ■ Sketches of Spanirii General# . i uraina-7. Tho Broken Lyiv-8 _ - -No. XIII. Javier Mina-y. Broken Sunlight through a Wood-io. The Times of the C#nque t-ll. Illus trations of Dartmoor No. I. Th High-Tor R-cks. London Longman, Orme, and Co. Price One Shilling. T AIT'S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE for .Ja nuary the commencement of a volume , contain# France •ml England The Palmerston Policy-Man and his Missu varans Woman and her Master.-New Novels Mias Martineau's, The Hour aud the Man Mr. Qnillinan' , The Conspirators. ice.-Memoir# of Jeremy Bentham, by Dr. Bowring, Part VIII., Reininis-enc h of Bowe d Lord Shelburne's , it Inmate and Visitors-Bio graphical Sketch of Beethoven, from recent sources-Violet Hamilton, or the Talented Family, Chap.XV. aad XVI.-Looking in and Looking out by a Templar the Clubs of the Wen Trading Politicians'-Poetry-Literary Register-Political Register. Wil'iam Tait, Edinburgh Slmpkln, Marshall, and Co., London. RIVER OXIJS. 8vo. MANN NEKS and CUSTOMS of th JAPANESE, Described from receut Dutch Visitor . Post svo. 7. MARTYRS of SCIENCE or, the Lives of Galileo, Tycho Brahe, and Kepler. By Sir David Brewster. IZmo. BISHOP HBBER'S POETICAL WORKS. First Complete Edition. Fcap.flvo. John Murray, Albemarle street. NEW NOVEL. EDITED BY THEODORE HOOK, ESQ. Now ready at all the libraries, in 3 vols. pos t 8ve., with numerous Illustrations by Phiz, P ETER P R I G G I N S, THE COLLEGE SCOUT. Edited by THEODORE HOOK,Esq. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street. THE NEW NAVAL NOVEL. Now ready at all th# libraries, in 3 vols., HE NAVAL SURGEON. By th# Author of Cavendish, Th Plying Dutchman, See. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-stroet. T THE CONCLUDING VOLUME OP JIR E. L. BULWER'S WORKS, containing DEVEREUX. Uuitrated uniformly with thepreceding volumes, price 6 . bound, IS NOW READY. Orders received by all booksellers. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street. 8econd Edition, now ready, in 3 vols. post 8vo., 0 V E AND W A or, THE ROMANCE of MILITARY LIFE. JBy Captain QUILLINAN. Contents R The Man without a Name-Sceue, France. The 8ister# of the Doura-Scen , Portugal. The Moor of Andalusia-Scene, Spain. The Royalist-Scene, Switzer land. The Ranger of Connaught-Scene, Ireland. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough -t street. Just published, in 3 vole.jpost 8vo., T H E PLAYFAIR PAPERS, or, BROTHER JONATHAN. Playfair we taka to be but a nomrae de guerre, under which th real Par make his campaign. He ha a froe and bold p n, with a strong ta#te fer the ludicrous. He cannot be reproached with an ill-natured tendency to stricture, and his flagellation mav be taken as a wholesome, if not very delicate corrective, at the other side of the Atlantic. -Morning Herald. Saunders and Otley. publishers, CondulUstreet. Just published, vol. 1, priee 13 ., N EW MEDICINE a Manual of Homeopathic Medicine. Translated from the third edition of Jahr, by J. CKAURIK. M.D., with a Prolace by P. CURIE, M.D. 2 vol . post 8vo cloth boards. ...... London H. Bailliere, publisher and foreign bookseller,219, Regent street Thomas Hurst, 5, St. Paul's Churchyard. Now ready, price 5s. bound In cloth, R ELIGION and her NAME, a Metrical Tract with Notes. By JOHN SEARCH, Author of Consider ition on the Law of Libel, a relating to Publications on the subject of Religion. Who 'John Search' is we know not but the above pamphlet, published under that name, is well deserving f attention, a an ex ceedingly acute and cogent piece of reasoning on an important branch of the Law of Libel. -Edin. Rev., No. 118, Article 6. James Ridgway, Piccadilly, and all booksellers, Under the Patronage of the Duchess of Sutherland, and dedicated, bv permission of her Graoe, to the Most Noble th Marques of Star-rnHE HOLIDAY BOOK. By WM. MARTIN. Being the Edueator and a Treasury of Knowledge, adapted for Children of all ages, and embracing every variety oi Information. One thick volume, handsomely bound, 6tM pages, 290 wood-cuts and 6 copper-plate engravings, price 0#. The best children's book we have ever seen.''-Morning Herald. Sherwood and Co. and all booksellers. c APTAIN Just published, price 14 -. MARRYAT'S POOR JACK. _ Poor Jack' is just completed, and a most amusing fellow he is, and a most amusing set ef companions he brings with him. The book, while it is interesting, is hearty, and of a healthy stamp the characters aro sketched off easily and boldly. Captain Marryat has been very fortunate in his illustrator, Mr. Stanfield the nume rous designs and very numerous they are are executed with great truth. -Time . ... London Longman, Orme, and Co. M'CULLOCH'8 GEOGRAPHICAL DICTIONARY, VOL. I. This day is published, price 49s.. the first volume of A DICTIONARY, GEOGRAPHICAL, Sta tistical, and HISTORICAL, ofthe various Countries, Places, aud principal Natural Objects in the World. Illustrated with Maps, ByJ. R. M'CULLOCH, Esq. To be completed in another voi Ume Lately published, a New Edition, corrected to 1840, of Mr. M'CoLLOcu'fl Commercial Dictionary. London I ongnmn, Orme, and Co. _ Price 2 . 6d. O N a NEW OPERATION for lateral CURVA TURE of the SPINE, with remarks on the class of cases to which it is available as a means of ultimate cure. By FREDERIC C. 8KEY, F.R.S., As8istant-8urgeen to 8t. Bartholomew's-hospital, and Lecturer on Surgenr. Mwsar . Longman and Co. NEW WORK ON CHINA. Just publishc i, in 8vo., price 6s., boards. A REVIEW ofthe MANAGEMENT of OUR AFPAIR8 in CHINA since the opening of the Trade in 1834 with An Analysis of the Government Despatches from the Assump tion of office by Captain Elliot, on the Uth December, 18. , to 22d March, 1839. • This work is of a higher and more elaborate character than many that have preceded it it gives a complete examination of our inter, course with China, a just, vigorous, and impartial, investigation t the casus belli, and a souBd guide to the formation of a comprehen sive opinion on what has been done, and is now doing. -Atlas. This is an excellent work, and we recommend it to our readers for their attentive peru#al. -City Chronicle. Smith, Elder and Co., 6ft, Cornhill. T HE FREEMASONS' QUARTERLY RE-VIEW, No. XXVTII., forming the completion of the MASONIC ANNUAL for 1 40, is now published. Contbnt Important Editorial Announcement-Masonio Bio graphy of Dr. Oliver, with a Portrait-Evidences, Doctrines, and Traditions-Masonic Didactics-Dispersion of Primitive Nation -The Doomed One and the Executioner-Serniramia-The Sailor ami his Suter-Collectanea- Letter to the Editor- Intere ting Pro ceeding# of the Grand Lodge-The Board ot General Pur poses. 6cc.-Provincial and Foreign Reports-Freemasonry in India-Poetry-Chit Clut, Obituary, Sec. Price a#. Sherwood and Co.. Paternoster-row ECCLESIASTIC A L MAPS. In th# New Number for January, 1841, which commence# the 19th Volume of rpHE BRITISH MAGAZINE, is eiven a Ma , JL of the Diocese of Canterbury, being the tirst of a series #f Ecclesiastical Maos which will appear in that work, commencing with Diocese of England, and adapted at once to their Past Hinton und Present State. The plan of the British Maga ine combines th several provinces of a Magazine, a Review, and an Historical Register. T. Clare Smith, British Magazine Office. 13. Henrietta-#tr et. Strand. N EWT0N'S LONDON JOURNAL, No.C III. -Third Series, illustrated with Throe Plate , will b# pub lished on the 1st January, 1841, and will contain the following #p#ci flections -Melling's for Locomotive Steam-engines-Lord Willoughby D'Eresbv's forCompressing Peat-Davis ana Kinder's for Dressing Cloth-Pace's Clock-Douglas's Furnace, two patent - Douglas'-Motive Power-Gardner's Turnip-cutter-Smith's Solar Lamp-Hrunton's Excavating Apparatus- Ledsam and Jones's Pm and Needle Machinery-Welch's Looms-Quaintin's Improvements in Carriages-A full report of Proceedings in the Rolls'Court in the im-8 or tan t case of Wordsworth v. Sharp, being the find trial under Lord rougham'# new act, from the Short-hand Writer's Notes-Transac tion# of the Society of Civil Engineer -Lists of English and Scotch Patents, See. Sec.-Published monthly, pric# it. Od., by W. Newton, at the office for patents, 66, Chancery-lanv, London, and Town Hall-buildings. Manchester by Sherwood and Co., and by Simpkln and Marshall, Paternoster-row. To-morrow, January 2, price fid. stamped, the First Number of T HE GARDENER'S CHRONICLE, a Weekly Newspaper of Rural Economy and General News. The Horti cultural part edited by PROPESSOR LINDLKY.-A detailed Pro •pectus is contained in th first number, which may be ordered of al newsmen. SALES BY AUCTION. Modern Furniture. M R. CAFE will SELL by AUCTION, at his Rooms. Groat Marlborough-street. THIS DAY, January 1, and following day,at Eleven, MODERN FURNITURE comprising suits of window curtains in crimson and green merino damatk, cauches, chairs, and sofas en suite, rosewood loo, card, and occa sional table#, consoles aud glasses, Spanish mahogany dining table and chair#, clock#, lamps, carpet , a handsome four-po#t bed t ad and furniture, bedding, chest of drawers, and the usual appendage of the bedchamber, a carved oak library bookcase, a set of diniug tables, and a pier cabinet, a brilliant toned fiS-ocUve grand piano forte by Erard, a patent piccalo ditto by Broadwoods also a smal 1 Cellarof Wine, pate, plated articles, linen, china, glass, book , a travelling chariot, two phaetons, and numerous other valuable items. -May be viewed and catalogues had at the Rooms. Treherne's Bankruptcy, Oxford-street. . CAFE respectfully informs the Public he truction# from ... . has received instruction _ AUCTION, early in Jaauarynext. the valuable LEASEHOLD PRE MISES, situate No. 39, Oxfor4-trept together with the extensive and well manufactured 9TOCK ©f FURNITURE, unless an accepts able offer is previously mad#.-4 ,Great Marlborough-street, Decem ber 24 1840 The Furniture of No. f, Eagle-terrace, City-road, and_other Effects, without reservation.-By Messrs. BULLOCK, at211,High Holborn, TO-MORROW', at Eleven for Twelve, T WO nearly new SQUARE PIANO-FORTES. with iDetalllc pl.tea. a Cabinet, Cottage, and a Sarai-Urnim ititin, rosewood lount'l, chair., card, central, and pecaalonal tablei, mantle and dree.imtgUeeej, Brn tel carpete, glued bookcase, ma hogany dining tables, chairs, and eafas, recumbent chair, in leather, capital chamber appendage. including • winged wardrobe, drawera, feiir-poit and French bedaieadu, gnoee feather beda, toilet table , fenders and llre-iruns, drugget , floor-cloth , a pair .f globe , doubt, pereuiwioti run, ironche l, dinner and tea nerrice of china, copper , mid other kitchen item . Also a large Working Model of • High, preeeure Steam-engine.-Now ou view. By Mesiri. BULLOCK, on the Pre ii e . No. 14. Great Ormond street, Queen-aau.re, on Tuesday, the 14th inita.t, hy direction the Pronrietrli, who i leaving town, A LL the Genuine HOUSEHOLD FURNI TURE, linen, glia , chin., cabinet piano-forte by Rraa l wood In rosewood cue. two Urge chimney glasses m rich gilt frame , a rosewood drawing room suite, Brussels carpets, mahegan, pedestal sideboard and diuing room ftttlngi, e-day hall clock, stair carpet, tour-post arid lent bedsteads, hangings, eicellent aoose beds and bedding, good chamber and drawing roam articlw, window curtains, dinner aer.ice, and kitchen and domestic requisites id great abm. dance.-To he vlewsd on the day previ.ua when catalogues mar be had there, and of Messrs. Bullock, Bolb.rn, Oreek-itreet.-To Families Furniahing.-The entire Furniture and Fittings of a large dwelling-house in th. country, new front an up holsterer within eighteen months retnorsd on ths expiration ut the lease. M essrs, foster and son win sell b v AUCTION, at the Great Room, 14, Oreek, treet, TO-MOR ROW, Jan. z. at Twelre, the BFFECTS comprising sieve, four-poe . tent, and French bedstemls, with hangings, mattresses, bods, um blanket , drawer , mahogany wash and dressing table , with glasses for same number of rooms, a carpet lft yards long, glasses, suites of curtains, two sets of sixteen chairs, set of dining tables, china, glass, a nd kitchen requisites.-On view, and eatalegnes had the office, 13, Ureek-strett, and 54, Pall-mall. Valuable Building Material# f St. Bartholomew's Church, near tho Bank, aad Two adjoining Houses. land stone, with internal Doric cslurans and arch #, numerous lead casements, a ground glass altar window, with stained glass borders, about 15 ton of lead on roofs, pavements, brick foundations, and arched vaults also th Materials of the Corner House, in the occupa tion ef Mr . Boughay and tlie premise lately occupied by Mr. Williams, with mahogany suli glazed with plate glavs, situate in Threadntedle-atreet.-May be viewed three days preceding, aad, morning of sale and catalogue had of Toplis arid Son, No. iti, St. Paul's Chureh-yard. Just published, T UCK'S ROLLER CALENDAR for the Year 1841.-This is a mode of affixing the Calendar for the whole year on two revelving cylinders, within an elegant case, so as to exhibit each day's information in a bold and novel manner present ing 'daily memoranda. Indispensable to every houwkeeper and man of business. It possesses th# advantage of a date box ami almanac, and is adapted for the library, board-room, counting-house, ware house, or parlour and is the best application of the calendar ever yet devised. In Mahogany Box, price5#. fid. Published at 138, Alderngate-street, London. Sold, wholesale, by Hodckinson and Co , stationers. Skinner-street retail, by Burrup. Lombard-street Harrison, Cornhill and all stationers in the kingdom. Just published, T HE RAILWAY CALENDAR for 1841, illus trated with an elaborate and splendidly executed Map of the Railways of England and Wale , with their immediate vicinity, on a new and original plan, containing more Information than was ever yot conveyed in so small a space. The CALENDAR contains Lord Seymour B Act for the Regulation of Railways, verbatim, aud a com pendium of Railway Information, which embraces, amongst a great variety of useful and interesting matter, the names of the Chairman, Deputy-Chairman, Engineers, and Secretaries of every Railway in the Kingdom, Transfer Agents, Bankers, and much exclusive infor mation beside , answering every purpose of a general Almanack. Price Is. fid. In case for the pocket, 4s. mounted on canvas and rollers, 5s. In neat frame, 5s. fid.-Published at 122, Pleet-street Gronmbridge, Panyeralley Tyas, Paternoster-row Bell, Fleet-street and sold by all bookseller# and newsmen. Just published, m royal l8mo. cloth, price s# and by post, free, U. fid. f ANHOOD the CAUSES ef ito PREMA-iVA TURK DECLINE, with plain directions forlts PERFECT RB-iTORATION addressed to those suffering from the destructive effects of exce #ive indulgenc e solitary Habits, or Infection followed by ob servation# on the treatment of 8yphilia, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, ice. illustrated with cases, icc. By J L, CURTIS and CO., Consulting Burgeons, London. Published by the Authors, and sold by Bailliere 119, Regent-street Olllvier, f. Pall-mall Strange,Si. Paternoster-row Pattie, 4, Brydges-strect, Strand Machsn, Dublin Duncan Edinburgh and by all booksellers. Messrs. Curtis and Co. are to be daily oontulted at their residence 7, Frith-street, Soho, from 10 till 8 and fi till 8 in the evening and country patients can be saooesifull treated, on minutely describing their cases, and eacloaing the usua H ot 11 fo advlcs, Jcc,-i bev Dd or froK Soho-tquar . COMPANION TO THE LIFE OF NELSON. Just published, in small 8vo., price 6 . beards, with a Portrait and Five other Plates, T IIE LIFE of Admiral Viscount EXMOUTH, Drawn up from official and other authentic Documents sup plied by hi# Family and Friends. By EDWARD 0 9LKR, Esq. This Memoir ha been undertaken with the sanction of Lord Ex-mouth's elder and only surviving Brother and on points of service, officer# who were prominently engaged have given every asrlstanre and the whole has been completed by a reference to documents in the public offices. riere is a valuable addition to our naval biography a book not to be road by Englishmen without pride of heart. The name ©f Ex mouth occupies an honourable placo beside those of Nelson and Col-liugwood his services were hardly les numerous r brilUqnt than theirs. -Athena-um. This is a valuable memoir of an officer whom this country will ever acknowledge as one of Its most brilliant heroes. We have had to notice many valuable historical memoirs, but on no occasion have we had more pleasure than in the examination of the one before us. -Naval and Military Gazette. This is the most admirably-written and interesting naval memoir which ha appeared since the Life af Nelson. It is a book which no blue-jacket ought to be without. -United Service Gazette. A book full of interesting anecdotes of a noble specimen ef Eng lish character. -Times. _ _ .... nnth. Elder, and Co., Cornhill. POPULAR FRENCH SCHOOL BOOK8. Just published, 12bio fie. hound, L ECONS et MODELES de POESIE FRAN-CAISB or, Choice Selections from the best French Poets, ar ranged in chronological order, with a Treatise on French Versifi cation, Rrpertoire Litthrairb or, Choice Selections in Pro# from the best French Authors. 2d edition 12ino., fis. fid. bound. The above works contain numerous Annotations on History, Geo graphy, Literal ure, and Grammar. A New Theoretical and Practical French Grammar. 3d edition, 12mo., fts. 6d. bound. Key tothe Exercise in the above Grammar. 12mo., 39. Th# above are by C. J. Delillv, Professor of ih French Language in Christ'# Hospital, the City of London Schools, and French Ex aminer in the Faculty of Arts of the University of London. Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane. At 2. Berners-street.-By Mr. DEACON, on Monday next, January 4, and following day by order of the Administrator of the late Mar quise de Willford , at Twelre, I U A Q I? 11m An - I a L EASE, Diamond?, modem Famitire, Plate, Lace, Books, Wines. Brandy, 8cc., viz.-The foa e of the dwell in,', 58. Margaret-street, held under the Duke of Portland, at a low rent. The jewels comprise a pair of beautiful ear-rings, set in bril liant# a ditto, large buckle ditto finger rings, gold cases, fee. Th# excellent furniture is suitable to modern houses, and consist of capital four-post and other bedsteads, chamber furniture. Sec. ro ©, wood and mahogany suitsslof tables, chairs, sideboard, couches, chim ney glass##, carpets, fenders, rugs, See., tor the drawing and dining parlour. The wines comprise Port, Sherry, Claret, Champame also Pale Brandy. Neyeau, Curacoa, Icc. All removed for convenience of sale to Mr. Deacon's Rooms, 2, Berners-street, Oxford-street and on view Saturday, January 2, and mornings of sal . Clieapside,-Th# King's Head Inn and Premises, a safe Investment dear Rent £2a8 per annum. SOUTHEY and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's. on Monday next, January 4, at Twelve, by order of th Directors ot the Commercial Inland Carrying amf Steam Navigation Company, a valuable LEASEHOLD ESTATE, the KING'S HEAD inn, tavern, and public-house, situate and Carrying and _ Old Change, Ch#ap#ide, comprising a warehouse of two floors, stabling for twvnty-two horses, counting-house, cellaring, lofts, waggon and cart lodges, spacious yard, and capital residence. The premises are ex tensive, ami replete with saitabl# convenient s for the business. Let on lea e, nd producing a clear income of £338 per annum.- May he viewed with the tenant's permission, and particulars had on the pre mises at Garraway's and of Southey and Son, 191, Tooley-street. SIR WALTER SCOTT'S HISTORY OF SCOTLAND-SCHOOL EDITION. In two thick vol#. bound, together or separately, T he history ot Scotland, trom the earliest period to the clos of the Rebellion 1745-46, contained in Tales af a Grandfather. By Sir WALTER SCOTT, Bart. Robert Cadell, Edinburgh Whittaker and Co., London. Of whom may b# had, 1. Life of Sir Walter Scott. By Mr. Lockhart, in vols. 2. Wavbrlby Novels. 48 vol#. 3. Sir Walter Scott's Poetry, 12 vols. 4. Prose Writings. 28 vols. Just published, prie# 5s., by Longman aud C ., a New Edition of _ R. PATERSON CLARK'S TREATISE on M __ tho TEETH Affords a clear and analytical examination of the cause and pro cess of decay, with excellent observations on the best means of pre serving the teeth whole and free from pain. As an Es#ay on Dental Malady we possess no work of equal merit. -Atlas. The most useful book of the kind. -Times. The result of large experience. -Examiner. To be had of all booksellers and of the Author, Sackville-street. Just published, price Is _ . -L A BEAUME'S NEW TREATISE on GAL-VANI8M. A short account of Galvanism, and Its efficacy io th# cure ef Indigestion, Liver Complaints, AsUmia, dropsy. Palsy Rheumatism, Deufness, fee. By M. LA BEAUME, Medical G lvanist and Electrician to the Queen, F.L.S., fcc. . .. . . Highlcy, Fleet-street or may bahad ofthe Author, No. ll, Argyle-street. Regent-street, where h# dally receives patients. T he numismatic chronicle, no. xi. -Just published, price 3 . fid., continued Quart rly.-C n-tent Unedited Autonomous and Imperial Greek Coins-Medals of the Pretender-Unpublished Brl 'i 11 '!SQn™ D n n 8ke ltM Meraoir on th R ttiero-ew'Methodl of Obtaining Representations of Cains- Miscellanea-Proceedings of the Numismatic Society.-London Taylor find Walton, 28, Upper Gowsr-itre t. Hertfordshire.-'Tewin-watsr Mansion, between Welwyn and Hert ford, Herts.-Important Sale of valuable Household Furniture and Effects.-By Mr. JACKSON, on the Premises, on Tuesday, Jan. and Three following Days, and on Tuesday, Jan, 12, and following' Days, at Eleven for Twelve precisely, by direction of the Executors of the late Henry Cowper, Esq., COMPRISING tour-post, French, elliptic, sofa, J and other bedsteads, with rich chintz, damask, moreen, aud dimity hangings, folding palliates, excellent hair and wool mat tresses, seasoned goose feather bed . Witney blankets, Marseilles quilts, counterpanes, excellent wardrobes, chests of drawers, wash-hand stands, dressing tables, wight cmxmodis, cheval and tray wii glasses, chamber chairs and carpets, shower bath, Sec. Th# drawing rooms aro fitted up with solid rosewood chairs, elegant ebstfonevi •nd bookcases, console tables, brilliant plate chimney and pier glasses, measuring 74 by 59, 90 by 50, 59 by 33, and ftO by 30, silk tabaret window curtains with rich draperies, rosewood loo, sofa, and occa sional tables of the first quality and workmanship, sofa#, couches, and ottomans, fir# screens, Woburn chairs, handsome Brus carpets and rugs, fenders and fire irons, French docks, beautiful alabaster and marble ornaments and vases, a rttaarkably fine-toned s st#nente, which plays the piano-forte and organ, Hue toned rose wood piano-forte, music stools. Canterburies, and portfolio stand. Th dining room furniture comprises 10 well-made mahogany chairs witn morocco seats, set ef mahogany dining tables, oj ning lft feel b 5 feet 3 inches, with shifting nap#, on stout carved lees, aide table . Axruinster carpet and rug. lounging chairs, coffee tables, rkl window curtains, pier class, 72 by 50, mahogany sideboard, two pedestal side tables, a valuable library of about 3,06u volumes of boaks, including Doomsday Book, Journals of the Lords and Commons, 132 vols., Encyclypu dia Britanniea, 29, Session Papers,121, English Poets, zl, the works of Sir William Jones, Bishop Porteus. Sir James Stewart, Bishop Hurd, Dr. Johnson, Burk#v Burns, Dryden, Universal History, Delphin Classics, lftl vols. Brit al , Essayist#, Bell's British Theatre, 2ft, Read's Shakspeare, Statutes a Large, East's Reports, Sec. Sec. Extensive sideboard ot plate and plated articles, cellar of fine old wine about 250 dwzwn, consisting of claret, port, madclra, sherry, sauterne, champagne, malmsey about loo bottles of fin# old rum. eighty years old, eUgant dinner, dessert, tea, and breakfast china, rich cut glass, earthenware, kitchen and cu linary articles, mangle, twelve cucumber and melon frames ana lights, twenty-five hand lights, garden engine, fifty garden seats, bwr-r©ws, tools, nine handsome vases, thirty-six dahlia stands, iron roil, ladders, thirty-six framed iron arch# , capital yellow-bodled chariot, lined with fine drab cloth, with travelling trunk , lamps, 3cc in ex-ccllent preservation, greca-bodied phaeton, invalid chair, aearlv n w carriage harness, saddles and bridles, 8cc. Live aud dead famim stock comprises six cart and nag hors# , five flu# framed c ws fc etshty-nine fat sheep, 3, 4, 5. and 6 years old. Iron-armed waggon,, three loading carts, two mould ditto, two 3-wheel carts,dray plough . harrows, roll, scarifier, cart and plough harness, twen.y-6ix ceal sacks, five stacks ef prim# meadow hay, forks, rake. , a boat, and nu merous valuable effects.-May be viewed on the Saturdayand Mondav preceding the sale, with'catalogues only, which maybe had. is. each, at the Drincipa! Innsat Welwrn. Barnet, Hatfield, si, Alfiaa'a, Hitrhia. Baldock, Wadesmill, Ware, Hoddesden, and Waltham-cross Auction Mart, London place ©f sale and ol Mr. Jackson, auctioneer ai-d estate agent,Hertford. ARRANGEMENT OF SALE. Tuesday, Jan. 5.-Part ot the bed room furniture, upper drawing room, ante-room, grand sostenente, by Mott and Co,, playing piano forte and organ, library furniture, hali. glass, aud butler's pantry. Wednesday, Jan. 6.-Part ot the bedroom furniture, dining room ante room, servant'6hall, washhouse, Sec. Thursday, Jan. 7.-Remainder of th bedroom furniture, billiard room, including billiard table, drawi g room, morning room, house keeper's room, store room, lardar, and dairy. Friday, Jan. 8.-Kitchen, scullery, plate, aud wine, Tuesday, Jan. 12.-Books. Wednesday, Jan. 13.-Books, paintings, prints, china, and miscel laneous property. Thursday, Jan, 14.-Live and dead farming stack, implements, hay, carriage , harness, garden lights and tools. h o m Mi a NJ W 1
[OCR_aligned] Ixo. lop#, off C om Katav Jt Ct. AltfXI I . July, eit Iso. J , Caprkbo ■aiso. I. Mh, for N, i and Falmo Mauiltli I VaD Dlrmen'a Land. uit, out twenty-seven f mailer and five of tb# I 31. Jfrom Pernambuco and trcm Seville, Deverea.ix or Bremen, Beadilly and by the following Bankers -Messrs. Owslini? and Sharp, id, Fleet-street Messrs. Coutts, 69, Strand Messrs. Drummonds, Charing cross. M c ORAVIANS in GREENLAND.-It is con-@ffdently hoped, that those who are enjoying in abundance the proverbial comforts of the Englishman's fireside, will not suffer the eonditiou and necessities of the Moravian Missionaries and their Christian flocks, residing in Greenland, to be laid before them in vain. On that ice-bound coast, where the cold is not unfrequently 40 or even 5U degrees below the freezing point, scarcely any fuel grows, and th# measure ot supply depends chiefly upon the drift di L OST, on the 33d ult.,@a BRILLIANT BROOCH, with u drop and two pieces of diamond chain, in a case whoever ha@ found and will bring the same, complete, to Mr. Scripns, 18, South Molton street, Oxford-street, shall RECEIVE TWENTY-@FIVE POUNDS REWARD. L AWRENCE and MARY GARLIC, deceased, formerly MARY KIRK BRIDE, spinster.-If the DAUGHTERS of tlie above persons, who were living on the 26th day of December, 1835, will apply to Messrs. Powell, F. and W. Br-derip, and W@Ude, solicitors, 9, Lincoln's-inn, they will HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE. S ECOND CENTENARY of@the most remarkable Y.ar in Emtllih Hislory.-At FINSBURY CHAPEL, South-@place, a LECTURE will be delivered, hy W. J. FOX, next Sunday Morning, on the ever-memorable EVENTS of the YEAR 1641.-To commence at Eleven o'clock. Q UEEN ADELAIDE'S LYING-IN HOSPI-TA@U Queen-street, Golden-square.-The GENERAL QUAR@ TERLY MEETING of the GOVERNORS will be held at the Hospital, yi, Mpinday, January 11,@1841, fer the ELECTION of a COM@ M@UTER and OFFICERS for the ensuing year, and for the trans@ action of other business. J. SNOW, Secretury. Hospital, Dec. 3 , 11 40. L OCK HOSPITAL, January 1. - A QUAR@ TERLY and SPECIAL GENERAL COURT of the GOVER@ NORS of this Charity will be held on Thursday, the 14th instant, at One o'clock precisely, to receive a STATEMENT of the Quarterly Accounts to Cnristmas last, and for the purpose of consideriug the propriety of selling as much stock as may be required lor the com@ pletion of that portion of the new building now about to be con@ tracted lor, and of placing the proceeds thereof at Messrs. Drum@ monds' in the joint names of the Treasurers of the Building Fund. By order, RKNJ. MEREDITH, Sec. L ondon parcels delivery company. -Notice is hereby given, that the HALF-YEARLY GENE@ RAL MEETING of the REGISTERED PROPRIETORS in this Company, is appointed to be held at Rolls'-buildings, on Monday, the 11th instant, as provided by the terms sot forth In the deed of settlement. The Chair will be taken at Twelve for One o'clock. By order of the Board. HENRY COLLINSON, Directing Manager. Rolls'-bbildings, Fetter-lane, Jan. 1,@1841. N ATIONAL PATENT SALT COMPANY.-. Notice is hereby given, that the next HALF-YEARLY GENERAL MEETING of@the SHAREHOLDERS of th@U Company will be holden at the Offices of the Company, No. 20, King's Arms-_ w _ ,u, D . -ard. Cob-man street, London, on Tuesday, the 19th day ol January @nstaut, at@One o'clock precisely, at which time and place the Share@ holders will proceed to ELECT THREE. DIRECTORS, jn the place H ster, t entire OUTEF the 9th of January.-stationery-office, January 1, 1841. i Ship and Insurance I i required spectability. A preference will be given @o a young man who @@i already have passed some time in a bHs@messjJbut applications f@@@ parents desirous of placing a well behaved and well educated y@@@@ in employment will be considered. A moderate salary will b# g@@@@ for the first year, and on its expiration a further arrangement@@@@ he made if the parties should be mutually satisfied. Security wil@ @@@required.-Letters with full particulars post paid to be addre@s@@@@w J. C., at Messrs. Skipper ana East's, N . 1, Ht. Dunstan's-hill. has a VACANCY fer a ram-street, Brunswick-square, London. square. Tho width of the terrace is 106 feet. S T. T Also, in Cavendish-mews, Charlotte-street. Bttbling for twenty-@@@@hor-es, five coach houses, coachmakcrs@ shop, lofts, and dwell@@@ rooms. The premises being divided renders th#in particularly eligi@@@ for commission stables as w@#TKas a livery yard, or any business @@@@quiring spacious premises.-Inquire personally of Mr. Walter Park@@@ solicitor, 11, Nassau-street. Sohe. N@ @Utters will bo attended to. J@EWELLERY, SILVERSMITH'S, and HARD-able individual, commanding from £5,@00 to £lO,UOO, the me@@? succeeding@to@a@snr@ TRADE, which hasbaen@conducted by the p@@@@@@ own?r's family nearly fifty years, and the profits of which @@@@@@@£2,090 per annum.-Principals only will@b# treated with, on pe@@@@@@ application to Mr. Allen Davis, @, Chatham-place, Blackfriars. and stead of Sir Henry Webb, Bart, who goes out of office by rota@ tion, and has given notice of his intention to offer himself for re-@election , Edward Jerningham who has ceastd to be a director , aud John Htobert, Esq. who has resigned . By order of the Board, Company's Offices, Jan, 1,@1841. J. P. ANSTICE. Sec. L ondon district loan company.-Respectable TRADESMEN and other deserving persons of either #ex. can be ACCOMMODATED with MONEY to any amount, from £10 to £100, and upwards repayable by weekly instalments, on the security of a promissory note of two or more responsible house@ keepers, according to circumstances, within forty-eight hours after being applied for, should the parties offering prove satisfactory.-Apply personally at the office, Portland Chambers, No. 75, Great Titvhfield-street. Oxford-street.@@@@@@@@ LIFE ASSURANCE ASSOCIA-@TION, 51, Old ftroad-stre@t.-Notice i, he-eby Riven, that tlie HALF YEARLY INTEREST, at the rate ol Four per Cent, per Annum, on the Capital Stock of this Associating, due the 31st of December lust, will become PAYABLE on the loth duy of January Instant. Proprietors can receive the same at the office on that or any sub@ sequtnt day, between the hours of Eleven and Pour o'clock. By order of the Directors, J. W. HAMPTON, Secretary, N ational loan fund life assur ance and DEFERRED ANNUITY SOCIETY, 26, Cornhill, London, December 24, 1840. Notice is hereby given, that the HALF-YEARLY INTEREST, at the rate of ft per cent, per uiinuraon the Capital Stock of this Society, which become due on the 31st ultimo, will become PAYABLE on the 11th instant and Proprietors can receive the same at the Office on that, or any subsequent dey, between the hoars of Eleven and Three. l y order of the Court of Director , F. FERGUSON CAM ROUX, Secretary. ALFRED George Lungley, Esq. .... .KV . ... . Joseph Thompson, rood which is brought by the sea during the few weeks of summer. I Auditors-Dr. O. Gregory, F.R.A.S. Professor Wlieatstoi Thr little brushwood which is produced io th# country is used for Actuary-W. b. B. Woolhouse, Esq., F.R.A.S. N ational loan fund, life assur ance, and DEFERRED ANNUITY SOCIETY, 26, Corn-hill, Capital, C 0,096, empowered by Act of Parliament. Dirbctors. T. LAMIB MURRAY, Esq., Chairman. J. Ellietson, M.D., P.R.S. I John Ilawson, Esq. H. Gordon. Esq. Clement Tabor, Esq. - . Joseph Thompson, Esq. Professor Wheatstone, P.R.S. tmlsome and adventurous these expeditions occasionally prove. We wish it were possible to dispense with ih@ labour and suffering they occasion. It sometimes happens that all the fuel they can ob@ tain is only sufficient to cook their food, but not to warm their sit@ ting rooms. Most of the building@ where the children meet for school are destitute of all means of warmth. If a sufficient sum were contributed, coals, and also stoves where nseded, could be pro@ vided and conveyed to the settlements through Copenhagen. Aeain, the perils to which th@ Moravian Greenlanders are exposed in o@Ma@ming loud lor their households often prove fatal to heads -f families, and the number of widows and orphans in the settlements left without their natural providers is unusually large, aud as there ar@ no wealthy m ighbours to apply to they sufftr greatly duriug the winter. We have had nothing to eat for two or three days, i@ often their cry, say the missionaries, but this we would not mind if there were hut food for our poor children. Thus the families of many truly Christian men are exposed to the greatest privations. 8oine frifuds in England and in St. Petersburg have established a fund, culled the Eliss-cad or barrel of meal of Elijah , from winch the missionaries have been enabled to render aid to these poor btarving lanuln s, but th s fund greatly needs to be replenished. The present appeal is strengthened by the consideration of the ex@ treme economy with which the mission in Greenland is carried on, tour stations with 24 male and female missionaries costing only £489 iu 1839, including nearly £100 for passage of missionaries. As th 1 Moravian Mission tunds are in arrear to the extent of above £3 ooo, it is iinurac@Leuble to increase from that source the supplies already furn.shed, but contributions to th# obj- cts above speciffud will be thankfully re. eived for the account of The London Associa@ tion in Aid of the Moravian Missions, at the following place , but it will be necessary to specify that they are for Fuel for Green@ land, or for Tlie Elias Fund lor Greenland, or if given for Greenland generally the amount will be equally divided between both funds • -Messrs. Smith and Co., Lombard-street Messrs. Williams, Dea@ con, arid Co., Birch@m-lane at the Office of the London Association, 38, Charles strict. Parliament-street Messrs. Hatchard, Piccadilly Seeley's, Fleet-street and Nisbet's, Berner@@Vsireet, London also hy Messrs. Miles, Harford, and Co., Bristol Hobhouse and Co., Bath C. T. Cooke, E q., Cheltenham Messrs. Hall, West, and Co., Brighton Hayden' , Guildford Gurney and Co., Norwich Mori-@lack's, Cambridge Attwoods and Co.. Birmingham Smith and Co., Derby, Nottingham, and Hull Rev.@C. F. Bagshawe, Manchester Janus Montgomery, Esq., Sheffield Sawer. Esq. Exeter. E. Elwin, Esq., Dover aud J. E Id no C@ALAMITOUS FIRE, attended by LOSS of VV LIFE !-The late dreadful FIRE in Church street, Chelsea, by winch the Old White Horse public-house was totally consumed, also an unfortunate Young Man, a brother of the landlord, burnt to death, has been the means ol plunging several persons in great dis@ tress and pecuniary difficulties. The landlord, who had only partially insured hi@ furniture, ha@ lost everything his wife's sister is much injur d by jumpinc out of window. Al o a female lodger, who, having been the first to alarm the inmates, had great difficulty in escaping herself, and saving the lives of her three dear children, by first throwing them info the arms of the police, and then following them herself, and althoiuh promptly caught by one of that useful body, was severely shook, and internally injured. The whole of the above have a claim on the benevolence of their fellow creatures. A SUBSCRIPTION having been openvd for their relief, the Committee appointed for that purpose hereby publicly solicit the charitable assistance of the humane, feeling assured that a sympathy will be excited @m favour of th@ unfortunate sufferers, being a ease of misfor@ tune from which none of us, wiih all our care, can say w@ are secure. In the midst of the festivities of the season, it must be truly pleasing to a generous heart to reflect, while surrounded by the enjoyments of life, that lie @@u contributed his mite to assivt and relieve the unfor@ tunate-the proper use to apply such riches as Providence in his mercy has been p@hased to bless him with -Subscriptions will be thankfully received by Mr. Benjamin Davis, sen.. Church-street, Chelsea, treasurer and by W. Sharpe, stock-broker. No. 1, Bank Chumbers, Loihbury, and 9, Lindsay-plac#, Chelsea. P ENINSULAR and ORIENTAL STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY, for establishing Steam Communi@ cation with British India, c. under Royal Charter of Incorpora@ tion, granted November, 1849. Capital One Million, in 2fl,000 Shares of £59 each, with authority, under the sanction of the Lords Com@ missioners of her Majesty's Treasury, to increase it to@£l,fto0,090. Directors. •Arthur Anderson, Esq. Richard Bourne, Esq. Sir John Campbell, K.C.H. •Francis Carleton, Esq, Joseph C. Ewart, Esq. Caut. Samuel Thornton, R.N, Robert Thurburn, Efq. •Brodie M'Ghie Willcox, Esq. Charles Wye Williams, Esq. Peter John Do Zulueta, Esq. James Hartley, Esq. With power to add to their number, and elect a Chairman and Deputy Chairman. s • The Managing Directors. Auditors-The Hon. J.@T. Leslie Melville Jameson Hunter, Esq. Bankers-Messrs. Williams, Deacon, Labouchere, and Co. Standing Counsel- H. Bellenden Ker, Esq. Solicitors-J. B. Do Mole, Esq., Merchant Tailor ' Hall J. A. M'Leod, Esq., Billiter-street. Secretary-Mr. Janus Allan. Th@ Directors have the satisfaction to announce to the Proprietary and tlie public, that the Charter ot Incorporation for the Company, which, among other advantages, limits tho responsibility of share@ holders to th@ amount of their respective subscriptions, has re@ ceived the Roval Asset t. - . . Applicants tor shares are informed that the first issue at par will be i'K hi TRADE, H ok und oilier l bt . Household Go ds, i allotted on the 20th January next, and that the deposit of £ft per share ' ' , ' 4 v - - 1 • 1 will be required to b# paid on or before the tirst of February, @lWi, to entitle subscribers to receive a dividend out of the profits which will be declared in May, 1841. No further instalment on such shares will be required for six months. The prospectus and form of application for shares may be obtained s unesu-u i me unut-r iRiiPu miaul at the Company's@Ottice, 51, St. Mary-ax#, and at 44, Regent-street, i 1 indei. lure now lies at the office of London at the City ot Dublin Steam-pawket Company's Offices. Li-rst. Ne. 1 Cheapside, London, soli- verpool and Dublin and of the Bankers and Solicitors ol th# Com-' ' pany. By @rder, JAMES ALLAN, Secretary. oTiCK i liereliy given, that hy Indenture - . d ited i h# 21st day ol November, 1849, made between GEORGE @aKTI.N COC K.. f Islington, in the county of M dtl esex, linen @@@•r, of the first part John Dillon, of Kora-street, London, ions nian William Svmons Faulke. of Friday-sireet, Lou-@@@@@@warehousi-n'an and John Harris, of N wgat -market, Lon-@@@liieal salesman, ol ilie second part and the several persons @@•n . Creditor@ of the sai I Grorge Martin Cock, who should - the said @ndei t'ir of Die third part for the considerations n mentioned, the •jaid George Martin Cock did ASSIGN unto @of John Di@don, .' ilham Symons Faulke, and John Harris,@@@@@@ Fxe utors. Adminisi. ator , and Assigns, all and singular his oilier l bts. Household Utensils, F,ituri' v and Furniture, and all other@ pe-souul Estate except i tasehold K-tat@ , upon certain trie-e n mentioned, for the BENEFIT ot the CRE-@@.''RS of the said George Martin Cock and that the said •i.t.ir is duly tiicu@bd bv Ihc said Georg# Martin Cock@ @v the said Trust## , und is attest'd by the undersigned William ry Ashurst and that the sail .-aid William Henry Ashurs., for signature of U . rtditorv-I at d the tuth December, 1849. W, H. ASH URST, Solicitor fer th# Tru te g. iTO. 30, OLD BOND-STREET, Piccadilly, aad .1 No. 1, Old Jewry, Cltv.-The VOICE CONDUCTORS, invented@ Mr. E. SOLOMONS, Optician tthe sale of which is confined to the Esuioiisnmerit#', are s# small only one ouar@Wr of an inch dla-hn d ingeuiously constructed a@ to extend acute hearing to IiEaP. They are perfectly concealed from ot'servation, are ad-.U 1 i.ituntaueocslv, and g@ e immediate relief to Dicwe afflicted@ leaf .cm. The di tinjuishcd advantages of and p Solicitors-Messrs. Sweet, Sutton, Ewins, and Ommauey, 26, Basinghall-street. LIFE ASSURANCE. Besides the perfect se@emity t@ th@ policy holder of a large paid-up capital, and accumulating funds, with moderate rates of premium, the following is on# amongst many of the advantages which belong exclusively to the principles of Life Assurance and Deferred An@ nuities, originated by the Society, v@u. Power to borrow without delay, expense, or forfeiture two-thirds of all premiums paid upon a Policy of Assurance. PREMIUM FOR ASSURING £lOO Whol@ Lif . Age. 1 . d. Act. 1 i 8. d. 1 Age. 1 £ 8. d. 25 I 1 18 6 1 1 2 19 11 1 45 1 9 4 39 1 _2_ 4 4 1 43 J 2 18 8 J 59 1 4 4 2 DEFERRED ANNUITIES DEPARTMENT. By the plan exclusively aoveloped by the Society, a single Deferred Annuity is made, not only to answer tho same object, but to equal in amount th# entire sum ef all the advantages heretofore only obtained by the middle and industrious classes by separate investments In Saving ' Banks, Benefit Societies, and Loan Banks. 1. A small yearly, or weekly contribution, will secure the moot ample return for after lit# thus-£2 12§. per annum a shilling a week at 20, will, at 6ft, g've the policy holder the choice of an an@ nuity for life of £47 16s. cd. £394 @Us. in cash or Policy without further contribution, o@f T4t 6 at death. 2. Two-thirds at any@time lent on deposit of Policy, being a fund always available during sickness or want of employment. 3. Two-thirds of all payments returned to representatives in case of prematare death. N.B. Policies, as collateral money security for periods of one to five years, effected at lower rates than charged hy any other office see Tables A. and B. , with option of centinuunce for Life, at the usual rates. F. FERGUSON CAM ROUX, Secretary. M JULCON A KYLE BONE and FINCHLEY TURN-@PIKE-ROAD.-Notice is hereby given that the GENERAL ANNUAL MEETING of th# TRUSTEES of the above road, acting under and by virtu# of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 7th year of the reign of King Georze 1V@@ entitled ''An Act for making a Turnpike-road from 8t. John's Chapel, in the parish of St. Marylebone, to the north-east end of Ballard'6 lane, abutting upon the North-road, in the parish of Finchley, with a Brunch there@ from, in the County of Middlesex and of another Act, made and passed in the 5th year of the reign of King William IV., entitled An Act to incorporate the Avenue-road, in the parish of St. Marylo-@bone, with the St. Marylebone and Finchley Turnpike-roads, in th@ County ot Middlesex, will be held at the h use of Mr. Redmond, the Swi s Tavern, near Junction-gate, on the above road, on Wednesday, the 10th day of February now next, at Twelve o'clock at Noon. Dated this ilst@day of December, 1840. CHARLES FREETH, Clerk to the Trustees of the @aid Board, 65, Welbeck-slreet, Cavendish-square.@@@@@@@@ GLASS WORKS. APSLEY PELLATT, only surviving partner ot the late firm of Pellatt and Green, many years since@entirely removed from St. Paul's Church@ yard to the Falcon Glass Works, Itollaud-street, Blackfriars, where he 1ms show rooms for every description of table glass, toilette and smelling bottles, cruet sets, newly invented renaissance, chandeliers, lustres, lamps, chemical glass also the nowest patterns of china table, dessert, nnd tea services.-Printed lists, with sketches, may b@ had on application. The extensive glaps works may be seen in full ojeratiou any Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday. L ~OSS OF TEETH SUPPLIED@ WITHOUT SPRINGS, CLASPS. OR WIRES, LOOSE TEETH FASTENED, AND FILLING D@BGATHD TRUTH WITH MINERAL MARMORATUM. Monsieur LB DRAY Surgoon-Dentlst, No. flti, Newman-strest, Oxford-stree@L continues to RESTORE DECAYED TEETH with hil celebrated MINERAL MARMORATUM, applied without pain, pre@ venting and ou hi n the tooth-aohb, and rendering th@ operation of extraction unnecessary. He also fastens loose teeth, whether arising from neglect, the use of calomel, or disease of the gums. IN@ CORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL or NATURAL TEETH of surpassing beauty fixed, from one to a complete set. without extracting the roots, or giving any naln, at th@ following Paris Chargss -A single Artificial looth £0 10 0 A set A complete set 19 19 0 A complete set of Natural Teeth, beautifully mounted in arti@ ficial gums or fine gold, the sain# as charged 30@guineas ....15 15 0 An entire set of his beautiful Mineral Teeth, highly finished, in the first style, the same as charged 49 pounds 21 6 Arranged on th# most improved principles, aRd restoring perfc rpo X TA aud referenctfs inquire at Mr. Clark #, Cheapside Mr. Early's, 13, Iloundsditch wood-street, Bishopsgate-street, London. T7ALUABLE FREEHOLD PROPERTY, @V Salisbury and its vicinity -For SALE by Private Cen@@@@t@ TWO commodious DWELLING HOUSES, with the gardens @@@@orchard adjoining, pleasantly situate within a mile from th@ c@@@@@l Salisbury, on the north side of the turnpike road leading te @@@@I These premises are freehold, and, from their position and ge@@r@@ convenience, form most agreeable and desirable residences for g@@@@ei families anxious to enjoy the advantages of town and country. @@@@@Two eligible Freehold Dwelling Houses and Shops, situate adjo@@i@@ each ether, in Silver-street, uud possessing a frontage on th@@@e@ Canal, in the city of Salisbury, in the occupation of reape@@@@@d tenants, whose leases will terminate at Midsummer nex@@@t@, grocery business has been advantugiously carried on in the last-men-citor, Salisbury. DISPOSED OF hy Private Contract under a Fiat in Bank-pose, and completely fitted up with machinery and every requisite. The stock in trade has bten judiciously svlected. is of the fir@@ @@@@@lity, and rsady for immediate use. The situation is exc@e@@@@@@ eligible in every point of view, and presents an opportunitj licitors or Mr. R. L. Hewitt, ironmonger-all of East Retford. C 1 patent axles, C springs, imperials, cap case, aud all the appt Nxually attached to highly finished carriages.-May be seen at 43, Craw ford-street, Bryanston-uquare. me JL DING. for £105, and a twelve-roomed ditto superbly for £ -G0 a single room, or a single article furnished equally moderate.W# request tiieeBp- 1 attention of country residents to the important fact that, regard@@@@@@! distance, we deliver their orders oakkia b fbbb.-PAINTER@@@@ CO., wholesale and re'.ail cabinet, upholstery, and bedding manufac@ turer , Fin bury-@iuare. C AJE ABINET FURNITURE and UPHOLSTERY furnishing, their Cabinet Stock is manufactured in the best man ner. warranted to stand any climate, comprises every kind given to any amount.-N.B. Always on hand a large s W'14 stuffed and covered in leather, at two guineas t drawing room chairs, 17s. 6d.. and substantial main dining-room or study, at 16s@ 6d. also excellently tables, warranted, at 4 1 guineas. The stock of earputs consists of magnificent Brussels, varying in price' i front 2s. 6d. per yard Vene-variety.-Thomas Paul and Co., cabinet-makers, upholsterers, an@ carpet-manufacturers, opposite the Mansion-house, city ef L#ndon. 13 RUSSELS CARPETS. LAMBETH-@HOUSE, Marsh-gate.-All the new and beautiful patterns ir BRUSSELS CARPETS, at 5s. 6d. per yard j less fashionable styles, 3s. and 2a.@6d. Also Turkey, Kidderminster, and Venetian carpets, floorcloths of every width, warranted thoroughly seasonvd on the right band side from Westminster-bridge, near the Marsh-gate E VER1NGTON and GRAHAM, 10, Ludgate-@street, near St. Paul's.-Warehouse for all the finest descrip@ tions of manufacture, at prices which exemplify the@ advanta @@@@@ready money systwm of business. INDIA SHAWLS, GOLD S Arranged on th# most improved princij articulation and masticutioR. At horns 60. Newman-street, Oxford-street. les, aRd restoring perfect m ten till slx.-N.B. No. B ank of Australasia, incorporated by Royal Charter, 1835, No. 2, Moorgatt-street. Dirbctors. Charles Barry Baldwin, Esq., M .P. 8amu#l E. Magan, Esq. Edward Barnard. Esq. Jacob Montefiore. Esq. John 8. Brownrigg, Esq., M.P. Charles Morris, Esq. William Brown. Esq. Richard Norman, Esq. Oliver Farrer, Esq. William Sargent, Esq. Sir Andrew Pellet Green, R.N. Barkers-Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths. SOLICITORS-Messrs. Farrer and Co., 66. Lincoln's-inn-fields. Sbcrbtary-W'illiaiH Millikan, Esq. M astication and articulation gua-RANTEED.-Mens. J. DEVIS, from Paris. Sureeon-Dentist, 52, Biikfr-@tr# t, Portman-square, RESTORES DECAYED TEETH with his PATENT MINERAL HERMASTIKON, instantly curing tooth-ache, atiu rendering the operation of extracting unnecessary. Loose teeth fastened, arising from neglect, use of c ltmiel, er affec@ tion of ihe@gums. Motts. @1 calls the@attention of the nobility and gen@ try te his newly-inventvd Teeth, for which he has obtained u patent through the Con tin nt being ol surpassing beauty, and fixed with@ out springs or wires from one to a complete set, without extracting the root.r or giving any pain, at th# following Paris charges -A sin@ gle tooth, 10s. a set, £5 a complete set of natural teeth, set in fine gold and artificial gums, £ift H6ually charged 30 guineas a set of newly-discoverwd teeth, 29 guineas, not to be equalled, arranged on the most scientific principles. @rpm APERITIVE FOUNTAIN is so portable and well closed,that containing a pint of water it may be put into the pocket und its contents being introduced into the bowels, acts as efficiently as a dose of opening medicine, but more quickly and comfortably. This very simple remedy preserves persons from th# sufferings that embitter the existence of those who are subject to rostiveHrss, und from the organic disease which uitimatuly proves fatal to all who persist in habitually taking purgatives for the re@ lief of indigestion und other disorders of the stomach aud intestines. The SOUND MAGNIFIERS, for which Dr. Scott@@ the inventor of the Aperitive Fountain received the thanks of the Committee of th@ British Association, enable deaf persons to join in public worship, and to hear conversation without holding anything to the ear. As they are, Irom necessity, of divers powers, to suit each individual's case, those who aro unable to select the proper kind themselvec, may have it sent post free , by writing particulars of their deafness containing an order for payment to the Superintendant of Dr. Scott's Medical Rt-@po@mtory, 369, Strand, three doors from Exeter Hall. t .t assistance and improvement of sight, are, that they cow-n, d d Measure to the ey- during their continued use, and r T r H rlati7e xc e c ha ie- I The Court of DJuxior hereby giv# notice, that they grant LETTERS I TYAVIES'S CANDLES J'd Tier lb • Wax Tan. , a n iH ba t i o m a n o i c i i o n o f b i r BerJaniinC. of CREDIT, and BILHai thirty days' sight, on th#ir undermentioned I A ' V Vi 1 . ' J ,7 k, .'gh Holborn, London. @DRITISH PAPER WAREHOUSE,@46,@Cornhill. XJ -9ELECTION of PRE8ENT8.-9howr oiiis for Elegancies and Novelties adapted for PRESENTATION.-New and improved patterns of ladies' and gentlemen's writing desks, dressing cases, work boxes, and tea caddies, envelope box-8, blotting cases, an im- i mens# variety of ladles' companions, which ar@ miniature morocco work boxes fitted with scissors, knife, thimble, teel#, 6cc richly gilt crimson velvet pocket books for 1841, together with the new Oxford editions of the Bibl# and Prayer Book, in every style of binding.-46, Cornhill, London. @OTOCKEN'S PATENT ENVELOPES, superior 0 to any invented for security Stocken's patent Damping Buttle for securing postage stamps on letters the Camel's-nair Pencil, warranted not to break off 8tocken's Pure Cumberland Drawing Pencils black-bordered Envelop#, of the b st quality, eight dozen tot 2 . 6d. b##t copy books, 30. fid. per dozen Post-@@emce writing pap rs superfine Bath post, 5s. per ream, or 3d. per quire Note ditto, 3s. 6d. @@r ream, or 2 d. per quire. The largest and most elegant assortment of envelope cases, from 4s. blotting books, albums, scrap books, bibles. and prayer books, bound in velvet, Jcc. Name plate elegantly engraved, and 100 superfine cards printed for 5@@i at BTOOKhN'S, No. 53, Quadrant, Regent-street. @OTOCKEN'S MAGNETIC RAZOR STROP, 1 7 from 2s. each portable Dressing Cases, in russia or morocco, containing razor, shaving brush, strop, and comb, fee., for 10s. 6d. rosewood or mahogany Dressing Cases, fitted with two razors, button hook, tweezers, scissors, nail, tooth, hat, shaving, and hair blushes, with lock and key, only 18s. Cd. Brush Cases, in rus-@sia or morocco letter, complete, with three of the best brushes, 17s. 6d. Dressing Cases, with silver fittings, from ten to fifty guineas one pair of the best ivory-handle Razors in case, for 8s. Cd. rosewood worx-bexes, with lock and key, is. 6d despatch boxes in russia or morocco travelling writing case#, ten inch #, with Bramah lock. 15s. 6d. each.-C. 8TOCKEN, Dressing Case Manufacturer, 53, Quadrant, Regent-street, next door to 8wan and Edgar's. rpHE Publication of BLACKWOOD'S MAGA-X ZINE, and the General Business of Messrs. William Black-@wood and Sons, will b# CARRIED ON at 45, George-street, Edin@ burgh a# heretofore and in London, at their premises, 22, Pall-mall. -London, 22, Pall-mall. -VTEW QUADRILLES and WALTZES.- 1 The 11 most popular Quadrilles of the present season are Musard's Heine d'un Jour, two sets, each 4s. Le Brasseur de Preston, 4s. and th# two favourite sets from Le Postillion de Lonjurneau and the best Waltzes, Lanner's Labyrinth.-Loudon Chappell, 50, New Bend-@street. rpo FLUTE-PLAYERS.-The FLUTONICON, X for January, contains the commencement of a series of Essays On Fingerings on the Flute, by W. James. No. 86, for January, also contains a new set of Quadrilles, by Musard Vestris's new song, Fairy, lead ihem Phillips's ditt#, ''The days that have faded Lovely night, and 8ix others. The whole lor 8d. sent by po#t. Is -Address the Editor, 23, Paternoster-row where complete sets in @@ngle numbers, or bound, may bo had also of Gang , 19, Poultry and all other hook and music sellers. rpHE PIANISTA or, Promenade Concert X Magazine of Piano-forte and Vocal Music, No. I., price One Shilling, is .publishod this day. Contents A complete Set of New Quadrille# by the celebrated Musard-A Popular Hong, with new embellishments by Mr. Crivelli and a New Ballad by Miss Costello, the elegant writer ef the Bocuges and the Vines. This number seut post free to any part of the kingdom, by enclosing ls.@4d. in a pre-paid letter, addressed Editor of the Pianista, 23, Pa@ternoster-@row. Sold by 8h rwood's, and by Gauge, 19, Poultry and by all book and inusicseller# in the kingdom. l f R. AINSWORTH'S NEW ROMANCE.-ItX The SUNDAY TIMES PROPRIETORS beg to announce that they have entered into an ENGAGEMENT with W. HAR@ RISON AINSWORTH. Esq., Author of Rookwood, Crichton. • Jack Sheppard, Tower of London, 4ce., for the EXCLUSIVE PUBLICATION of his New Historical Romance, entitled OLD SAINT PAUL'S. To be completed in Fifty-two Weekly Numbers, th# first of which will appear in the columns of that journal on Sun@ day next, January 3,1841. Orders received by all newsvenders. iPrice Sixpence.-Printed and published by J. K. Chapman, 72, Fleet-street. PUBLICATIONS. On Saturday next will be published. Part IV. of Vol. III., completing the Third Volume of the TOURNAL of the STATISTICAL SOCIETY of • 1 LONDON. C0NTBNT8. 1. Mortality among the Poer in Limerick. 2. Education among Criminals and general Population in England and other Countries. 3. Plan of a New Common Plac# Book. 4. Statistics of a recently disturbed District in Monmouthshire. 5. Book Trade of various Couutries, Sec. Chas. Knight and Co.,@22, Lndgate-street. On Saturday next, the 2d of January, in 3 vols. post 8vo., rn 1 p p 6 0 sultaun. 1 An Historical Romance. By Captain MEADOWS TAYLOR, of@the 8ervice ofthis Highness the Nizam. Author of Confessions of a Thug. Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. This day, in vols. post 8vo., with Portraits of General Jackson, the President Van Buren , Daniel Webster, and Henry Clay, ■V RISTOCRACY IN AMERICA. Edited br FRANCIS J. GRUND, E i . • These are lively, shrewd, and amusing volumes, containing numerous@diveiting sketches of the high life of American society. -Morning Pest. . . Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. This day, in 2 vols. post 8vo., with Illustrations, ■ TARRATIVE of@the CAMPAIGN of the ARMY 1A ,1 th. INDUS, in SIND @nd KAUBOOL, in Disk and IM3. B@tRICHARD HARTLEY KENNEDY, M.D., Late Chief of the Medioal Staff of the Bombay Division of the Army of the Indus. Crowded with anecdotes and descriutions. The work is extremely entertaining, and written in a spirit of vivacity unusual in narrative# of this class. It presents a vivid and interesting history of one of the most important eampaigus in which our Indian army has #ver been eugaxed. -Atlas. Richard B ntlev, New Burlington-street Publisher in Ordinary to her Majesty . PUBLICATIONS. NEW BIOORAPHICAL dictionary. N . fust published. Part XI. of a E @V GENERAL BIOGRAPHICAL DIC-HUOHJi°M 3 d pttrily .rrang.J I,, l l. . P'ibli.hid for the Proprietor, b, B. PoIIowm, Ludgnt.-tr ct. ENCYCLOP@EDIA MRTROPOLITANA. Just onbll-heit. price£1 @@@l P.rt@LII.@of T iie encyclop.edia metropolitana. Edited by the Rev.@HENRY JOHN ROSE, late Pellow of St. John's College, Cambridge. Published for the Proprietors by B. Fellowes, I.udgate-street. Just published, T HE ANATOMY ot the NERVES of the UTERUS. By ROBERT LEE. M.D., F.R.3. In folio, with 2 plates, engraved. Pricp 8s. London II. Bailliere, 219, Regent-street. This d y is published, post dvo., price 8s. 6d., L ETTERS from ITALY to a YOUNGER SISTER. By CATHERINE TAYLOR. @@@@@@@With general goodness of writing, universal goodness of feeling, and altogether well calculated to serve the modest purpose for which the preface announces it to be designed. -Edinburgh Review. John Murrray, Albemarle-8tre#t. No# ready, Second Edition, 8vo@ fts., A WINTER in the WEST INDIES, described iu familiar Letter, to Hctirr Clay, E i., of Kcntuckj. Bj JOSEPH. JOHN OI RNEY. ef Eitrlliam. John Murray. Allwmarla-atreat. T HE CORAZZA SHIRT.-The only place for th. SALE or JASPER JOHN CAPPER'S CORAZZA and other SHIRTS, is his Ware-room, No. 8. Carl ton-chamber#, Waterloo-@ploce. Pall-mall. J. J. Capper's only b@adness is the making and selling ef shirts, detached fronts, and collars and by confining his attention to these articles, and supplying them for present cosh only, he can confidently offer, at very moderate prices, shirts of the best materials and forms, madw to measure, and engaged to fit with pre@ cision and case. Tne linens or long cloths used are of the same superior fabrics which are sold by his father and brother, John Capper and Son, in Gracechurch-street, In the City, with a reputation established for more than tn years. 5ec O A. B. SAVORY and SONS, Goldsmiths, No. 14, Cornhill, Lon@ don, opposite the Bank of England , inform executors and others, wishing to dispose of SECOND-HAND PLATE, that, from having a ready sale, they can offer more advantageous prices than can be usually given by the trade payment may either be received in cash, or the uiuount allowed in exchange for other silver. P LATED CANDLESTICKS, of facture, with or without Branches also Tripods, Candelabra, Kpergnes with Branches to contain Light , Tna@Urns and Kettles, Table Dishes and Covers, Corner Dishes and Warmers, Soup and Sauce Tureens c.-JOHN COWIE having been unremittingly en@ gaged in the #ale ot PL ATLI Altl iudls tor the space of twenty-six years, fearlessly proclaims Sheffield as the onlv town celebrated for the manufacture of the bent detcript@un of Plated Warr.-JOHN COWIE, Silversmith and Plater, ll, Holles-street, Cavendish-iquare. S ILVER PLATE.-Now published, and will be pent post @r@@mifipplMforltrtimM letter, .PAMPHLET of T. COX SAVORY 8 price. 'f SILVER SPOONS and FORKS, with drawings of the patterns Tea and Coffre Services, with designs Presentation Plate, Silver-edged Plated Ware, the new plated on white metal Spoons and Forks, Ladies@ and Gentlemen's Gold and Silver Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Cutlery, La tie#' Gold Neck-@chains, with drawings of the new patterns. The ground floor, first, second. HBd third floors are fitted up tor the exhibition of an exten@ sive Stock.-T. Cox Savory, goldsmith, 47, Cornhill seven doors from Gracechurch-stretil , London. F or coughs.-pectoral essence of COLTSFOOT.-Th# herb Coltsfoot has long been distinguished for its excellent properties in the cure of Coughs and other Pulm@o nary Complaints uud this Essence has, in the conrue of a long practice, been found the most safe and effectual remedy for Coughs, and all Disorders of the Langs. It gently opens the breast, and im@ mediately gives liberty of breathing, without any danger of taking cold, and thus it affords great relief in Asthmatic Complaints. It allays the tickling which provokes frequent roughing, cleanses the small glands, relaxes the fibres, and thereby enlarges the cavities of the vessels.-thus it will prevent Consumptions, it@ before the lungs are ulcerated. It softens husky and dry Coughs, and heals rawnesd and soreness of th# chest.-Tkis Pactoral Essence is prepared and sold by F. Nowbery and Sons, 45, St. Paul # Churchyard, in bottles at 2s, 9d. and 3s.@6d. each J. Sanger, 159, Oxford-street and in most@country town#.-Observe the name F.@N wbery, 4 , St. Paul'#, is engraved in the Stamp. D R. JAMES'S FEVER POWDER and pjLLs! - Mr. James thinks it necessary to remind the public that Messrs. Newbcry, the late Agents of his grandfather, his father, and himself, are vending articles, of their own composition, under the name of Dr. James s-that he has cea#ed all connection with them, and appointed, as his Agent, Mr. Thomas Butler, Chemist, 4, Cheap-@side, corner of 8t. Paul s, London of whom, and of most respectable Chemists and Druggists, the public may procure the genuine Powder and Pills, authenticated by his Mr. R. G. G. James's signature in the label,-without which the Medicines, although sold under his name, cannot be of his preparing. Dr. JAMES'S FEVER POWDER is administered with equal success in Fever, Inflammatory Diseases, Measles, Pleurisy, Sore Throats, Rheumatism, ice., and in Colds, Catarrhs, and particularly influen@s it ig found to check their pro@ gress and shorten their duration. Packets 2#. 9d. and Bottles 2ls.-Dr. JAMES'S ANALEPTIC J ILLS aro well known as @n excellent Alterative in Chronic Diseases of th# Stomach and Bowels, Rheuma@ tism, Gout, Indigestion. See. Boxtg 4s. 6d. and@24s.-Sold by Thomas Butler, us above also, in Ireland, by I r. Butler, 54, Lower Sackville-@street, Dublin iu Scotland, by Davenport and Stedman, 29, Water-@loo-place, Edinburgh the Apothecaries' Company, Glasgow, dec. fcc. J LAT SILVER WATCHES, of tlie celebrated LEVER construction, aud suitable for the wa@Dtceat pocket, aro offered, price £6 6s. each. They nave the latest improvements, ure jewelled in six holes, have goia balances, maintaining power, three-quarter plate movements, tnamel dials they are sold with a writleu guarantee and description, and are recommended as being superior to any before offered to tne public at that priee. A large assortment of Gold Watches are also ready for selection.-DENT late of the firm of Arnold aad Dent ,@82, Strand, three doors from the corner of Cecil-street. W ATCHES by WEBSTER and SON, Chrono-raster aud Watch Manufacturers, at price# thtrt will com@ mand public patronage, and if or equal quality lower than any house in London.-COMPENSATED DUPLEX WATCHES,@ui n the prin ted the prizes - v. K . -itch combines the most perfect accuracy of performance with tho utmost elegance ciple of their chronometers, to which Government a@wai thre# years in succession. The compensated duplex in appearance, is not equalled in regularity by any watch, nor sur@ passed by the pocket cnronorHet i' j in d may be had of the smallest dimensions. Webster's newly-introduced Centre Seconds for the me@ dical profession, elezaut and novel In appearanco also their Patent detached Lever, and small Flat Horizontal for ladie#, all equally reduced in price, and warranted. Did watches taken in exchange. A selection of fine second-hand repeating, duplex, lever, aud hori-@xental watches, by the most eminent makers, a little above half the original cont, am xental watches, by the most _ -, ' o#t, and nearly equal to new, warranted. Post letters attended to.-Webster ana Son, chronometer makers to th# Lord# of th# Admiralty, established 130 years, 3, Birchin-lane, Corn-@kill, London. A RCHITECTS, BUILDERS, c., are respect-@fully invited to an inspection of the largest STOCK of superior DRAWING-ROOM STOVES, including the Gothic, Grecian, and Elizabethan Orders, Fenders and rire Irons en suite, adapted for the simple Cottage, or th# magnificent Mansion. Also iinprovsd and substantial KITCHEN RANGES, with or without Steam Apparatus, Smoke Jacks, 4cc.-EVAN8'S 8TOVB GRATE MANUFACTORY @stablish d in 1815 , 33, King Wlllitm-itreet, London-bridge. THE BEST LIFE OF NAPOLEON. This day, in 4 vols. 8vo., handsomely bound, price 30s. or in 26 parts, price Is. each , embellished with upwards of Twenty-four Portraits, Views. 8cc., B OURRIENKE'S celebrated MEMOIRS of@the EMPEROR NAPOLEON. To which are now first added, a History of the Hundred Days, of the Battle of Waterloo, #f Napoleon's Exile and Death at St. Helena. '' Whoever wishes to know, not merely the General or th@ Em@ peror, but what the man really was, will find him well pictured in these Memoirs by the Private Secretary of Napoleon. -Times. Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. To be had aiso of all booksellers. This day is published, price ls.@6d., A N OUTLINE of@the PRINCIPAL DISEASES XI. of the EAR and their PROPKR TREAT.MENr. With l i -@grams and Cases. By JAMES YEARSLEY, M.R.C.S., and Surgeon to the Institution for Curing Diseases of the Ear, 32, Sackville-street, Piccadilly. Nisbet and C ., Berners-street Churchill, Priuces-street, Soho sold also at the Institute for its benefit. A BOOK FOR THE DRAWING ROOM TABLE. Just published in one vel., 8vo., price 7s. cd., in embossed cloth, with an illustrated titl# page, J EST AND EARNEST. With ths anecdote#, tales, and descriptions interspersed tho volume is a pleasant one, which does honour to a literary debutant.' -Literary Gazette. Nothing tedious, something that is instructive, and muck that amusing. -Times. A very agreeable contribution to the light reading of the day, -Morning Chronicle. A sort of hilarious table-talk that we can tako up and put down as we list. -Court Journal, The different papers are wittily and well written. -Age. London Hugh Cunningham, St. Martin's-place, Trafalgar-square. VALUABLE NEW YEAR'S PRESENT. Now ready, a New Edition, revised, with 65 Plates, Woodcuts, and Maps@.bvo., price 18#., , J OURNEY through ARABIA PETRiEA to MOUNT SINAI, and the Excavated City of Petra-th@ Edom of 10RDE. the Prophecies. By M. LEON DE LABO@@@@ John Murray, Albeniarle-street. COMPANION TO MRS. MARKHAM'S HISTORIES. This day is published, 2 vols. 12mo.. 13#., half bound, PONY for tl a LADY. day is published, 2 ERSATIONS on NATURE and ART,@@@@ the Information and Amusement of Young Persons. By @@@@@@@@John Murray, Aibemarle-street. Now ready, a New Edition, with Seventy-throe Plates. 8vo. 15e., T @HE ART of FRENCH COOKERY. By M. CAREME, sometime Chftf of th# Kitchen to his Majesty George IV. Translated by WILLIAM HALL, Cook to T. P. Wil@ liams, Esq., and Conductor ot th@ Parliamentary Dinners of the Ri ht Hon. Lord Viscount Canterbury? U.C.IL , John Murray, Alb marie-street. Now r ady, a Sixth Edition, revised, with 250 Illustrations, 3 vols. ISINO.1 24# , P RINCIPLES of GEOLOGY or, the Modern Changes of the Earth and its Inhabitants considered as Illus@ trative of Geology. By CH ARLES LYELL, Esq., F.R.S. John Murray, Aibemarle-street. THE FOLLOWING NEW WORKS WILL BE PUBLISHED NEXT MONTH. @@@A HISTORY of INDIA. By the Hon. MOUNT-@STEWART ELPHIN9TONK. Comprisln, tlie Hindoo and Muiiumedan Period@@ . role., uvo. @@@Th, RELIGION, AGRICULTURE, lie., of tlie ANCIENT EGYP@ TIANS, By Sir Oartiiitr Wilkin,on. @@rol@, @eo. 3. A SECOND EXCURSION in ASIA .MINOR. By Cliarle. f ellow., Esq. Imperial@svo. 4. MOORCROFT and TREBECK'8 TRAVELS in PESHAWAR, CA-@BOOL, and BOKHARA.@@ rol,. dro@@. LIEUTENANT WOOD'S JOURNEY Io tlie SOURCE of III, T PUBLICATION? HE LADIES' MAGAZINE of GARDEN-@INO. By Mrs, LOUDON. In Monthly Numbers, royal bv@@# with coloured Plates. The First Number is now published, price Bighteenpence. London published by William Smith, 113, Fleet-street. Edin@ burgh Fraser and Crawford. Dublin Curry and C . Just published, No. I., price is@@ rpHE SUBURBAN fioRTICfJLTI'R 1ST. Hv JL J.C. LOUDON, F.L.S., H.S., Sec. To be completed in Twe@@U Octavo Numbers. London published for the Author, by William Smith, 11 . Kl# t-•treeL .. Just published, T HE WESTMINSTER REVIEW, No. U8, lor January, uni. H. Hooper, 13, Pall-mall Fast. This day @1 published, price 6 ., mHE FOREIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW, j No. LII. CONTBKiS -1. Memoir@ ol Varnhagen von Ense. 2. Song# of tlie Ukraine. 3. Copyright In Italy. 4. Engraving-Ancient and Modern, ft. Fiedler's Journey through Greece. 6. Prince Puckler Muskau-The South-Eastern Picture Gallery@ 7. Liberia in Africa. 8. Boeckh-Archive# of the Athenian Navy. 9. The Syrian Question-France and England. 19. Music Abroad and at Home. 11. Miscellaneous Literary Notices. 12. List of New Pablications on the Continent, c. London Black and Armstrong. 8. Wellington-tropt'N T ArtM. rrono. rpHE MONTHLY CHRONICLE for January JL contains 1. French and English Alliance-@. Letters from the@Cont@ment Padua, Venice, Milan. Verona. Papal Politic#, Paint@ ing. Sculpture, Music-@. Unpublished Scene@ from the Tragedy of Cosmo de Medici -4. The First Love, by Mrs. C. C. Clark -@@@Visit to the House of Commons, by a Country Gentleman-1 . Cha@ racteristic@ of the Old Englis' ~ ■ Sketches of Spanirii General# . i uraina-7. Tho Broken Lyiv-8 _ - -No. XIII. Javier Mina-y. Broken Sunlight through a Wood-io. The Times of the C#nque t-ll. Illus@ trations of Dartmoor No. I. Th@ High-Tor R-cks. London Longman, Orme, and Co. Price One Shilling. T AIT'S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE for .Ja@ nuary the commencement of a volume , contain# France •ml England The Palmerston Policy-Man and his Missu@ varans Woman and her Master.-New Novels Mias Martineau's, The Hour aud the Man Mr. Qnillinan' , The Conspirators. ice.-Memoir# of Jeremy Bentham, by Dr. Bowring, Part VIII., Reininis-@@enc h of Bowe d Lord Shelburne's , it@ Inmate@ and Visitors-Bio@ graphical Sketch of Beethoven, from recent sources-Violet Hamilton, or the Talented Family, Chap.XV. aad XVI.-Looking in and Looking out by a Templar the Clubs of the Wen Trading Politicians'-Poetry-Literary Register-Political Register. Wil'iam Tait, Edinburgh Slmpkln, Marshall, and Co., London. RIVER OXIJS. 8vo. MANN NEKS and CUSTOMS of th@ JAPANESE, Described from receut Dutch Visitor . Post svo. 7. MARTYRS of SCIENCE or, the Lives of Galileo, Tycho Brahe, and Kepler. By Sir David Brewster. IZmo. @@@BISHOP HBBER'S POETICAL WORKS. First Complete Edition. Fcap.flvo. John Murray, Albemarle street. NEW NOVEL. EDITED BY THEODORE HOOK, ESQ. Now ready at all the libraries, in 3 vols. pos t 8ve., with numerous Illustrations by Phiz, P ETER P R I G G I N S, THE COLLEGE SCOUT. Edited by THEODORE HOOK,@Esq. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street. THE NEW NAVAL NOVEL. Now ready at all th# libraries, in 3 vols., @HE NAVAL SURGEON. By th# Author of Cavendish, Th@ Plying Dutchman, See. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-stroet. T THE CONCLUDING VOLUME OP JIR E. L. BULWER'S WORKS, containing DEVEREUX. @@Uuitrated uniformly with thepreceding volumes, price 6 . bound, IS NOW READY. Orders received by all booksellers. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street. 8econd Edition, now ready, in 3 vols. post 8vo., 0 V E AND W A or, THE ROMANCE of MILITARY LIFE. JBy Captain QUILLINAN. Contents R The Man without a Name-Sceue, France. The 8ister# of the Doura-Scen , Portugal. The Moor of Andalusia-Scene, Spain. The Royalist-Scene, Switzer@ land. The Ranger@ of Connaught-Scene, Ireland. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough -t street. Just published, in 3 vole.jpost 8vo., T H E PLAYFAIR PAPERS, or, BROTHER JONATHAN. Playfair we taka to be but a nomrae de guerre, under which th@ real Par@ make@ his campaign. He ha@ a froe and bold p n, with a strong ta#te fer the ludicrous. He cannot be reproached with an ill-@natured tendency to stricture, and his flagellation mav be taken as a wholesome, if not very delicate corrective, at the other side of the Atlantic. -Morning Herald. Saunders and Otley. publishers, Condu@lUstreet. Just published, vol. 1, priee 13 ., N EW MEDICINE a Manual of Homeopathic Medicine. Translated from the third edition of Jahr, by J. CKAURIK. M.D., with a Prolace by P. CURIE, M.D. 2 vol . post 8vo@@ cloth boards. ...... London H. Bailliere, publisher and foreign bookseller,219, Regent@ street Thomas Hurst, 5, St. Paul's Churchyard. Now ready, price 5s. bound In cloth, R ELIGION and her NAME, a Metrical Tract with Notes. By JOHN SEARCH, Author of Consider ition@ on the Law of Libel, a@ relating to Publications on the subject of Religion. Who 'John Search' is we know not but the above pamphlet, published under that name, is well deserving @f attention, a@ an ex@ ceedingly acute and cogent piece of reasoning on an important branch of the Law of Libel. -Edin. Rev., No. 118, Article 6. James Ridgway, Piccadilly, and all booksellers, Under the Patronage of the Duchess of Sutherland, and dedicated, bv permission of her Graoe, to the Most Noble th@ Marque@s of Star-rnHE HOLIDAY BOOK. By WM. MARTIN. Being the Edueator and a Treasury of Knowledge, adapted for Children of all ages, and embracing every variety oi Information. One thick volume, handsomely bound, 6tM pages, 290 wood-cuts and 6 copper-plate engravings, price 0#. The best children's book we have ever seen.''-Morning Herald. Sherwood and Co. and all booksellers. c APTAIN Just published, price 14 -. MARRYAT'S POOR JACK. _ Poor Jack' is just completed, and a most amusing fellow he is, and a most amusing set ef companions he brings with him. The book, while it is interesting, is hearty, and of a healthy stamp the characters aro sketched off easily and boldly. Captain Marryat has been very fortunate in his illustrator, Mr. Stanfield the nume@ rous designs and very numerous they are are executed with great truth. -Time . ... London Longman, Orme, and Co. M'CULLOCH'8 GEOGRAPHICAL DICTIONARY, VOL. I. This day is published, price 49s.. the first volume of A DICTIONARY, GEOGRAPHICAL, Sta tistical, and HISTORICAL, of@the various Countries, Places, aud principal Natural Objects in the World. Illustrated with Maps, By@J. R. M'CULLOCH, Esq. To be completed in another voi Ume@ Lately published, a New Edition, corrected to 1840, of Mr. M'CoLLOcu'fl Commercial Dictionary. London I ongnmn, Orme, and Co. _ Price 2 . 6d. O N a NEW OPERATION for lateral CURVA@ TURE of the SPINE, with remarks on the class of cases to which it is available as a means of ultimate cure. By FREDERIC C. 8KEY, F.R.S., As8istant-8urgeen to 8t. Bartholomew's-hospital, and Lecturer on Surgenr. Mwsar . Longman and Co. NEW WORK ON CHINA. Just publishc i, in 8vo., price 6s., boards. A REVIEW of@the MANAGEMENT of OUR AFPAIR8 in CHINA since the opening of the Trade in 1834 with An Analysis of the Government Despatches from the Assump@ tion of office by Captain Elliot, on the @Uth December, 18. , to 22d March, 1839. • This work is of a higher and more elaborate character than many that have preceded it it gives a complete examination of our inter, course with China, a just, vigorous, and impartial, investigation @t the casus belli, and a souBd guide to the formation of a comprehen@ sive opinion on what has been done, and is now doing. -Atlas. This is an excellent work, and we recommend it to our readers for their attentive peru#al. -City Chronicle. Smith, Elder and Co., 6ft, Cornhill. T HE FREEMASONS' QUARTERLY RE-@VIEW, No. XXVTII., forming the completion of the MASONIC ANNUAL for 1 40, is now published. Contbnt@ Important Editorial Announcement-Masonio Bio@ graphy of Dr. Oliver, with a Portrait-Evidences, Doctrines, and Traditions-Masonic Didactics-Dispersion of Primitive Nation -The Doomed One and the Executioner-Serniramia-The Sailor ami his S@uter-Collectanea- Letter@ to the Editor- Intere ting Pro@ ceeding# of the Grand Lodge-The Board ot General Pur poses. 6cc.-Provincial and Foreign Reports-Freemasonry in India-Poetry-Chit Clut, Obituary, Sec. Price a#. Sherwood and Co.. Paternoster-row@ ECCLESIASTIC A L MAPS. In th# New Number for January, 1841, which commence# the 19th Volume of rpHE BRITISH MAGAZINE, is eiven a Ma , JL of the Diocese of Canterbury, being the tirst of a series #f Ecclesiastical Maos which will appear in that work, commencing with Diocese@ of England, and adapted at once to their Past Hinto@n und Present State. The plan of the British Maga ine combines th@ several provinces of a Magazine, a Review, and an Historical Register. T. Clare Smith, British Magazine Office. 13. Henrietta-#tr et. Strand. N EWT0N'S LONDON JOURNAL, No.C III. -Third Series, illustrated with Throe Plate , will b# pub@ lished on the 1st January, 1841, and will contain the following #p#ci@ flections -Melling's for Locomotive Steam-engines-Lord Willoughby D'Eresbv's for@Compressing Peat-Davis ana Kinder's for Dressing Cloth-Pace's Clock-Douglas's Furnace, two patent - Douglas'@-Motive Power-Gardner's Turnip-cutter-Smith's Solar Lamp-Hrunton's Excavating Apparatus- Ledsam and Jones's P@m and Needle Machinery-Welch's Looms-Quaintin's Improvements in Carriages-A full report of Proceedings in the Rolls'@Court in the im-8 or tan t case of Wordsworth v. Sharp, being the fi@nd trial under Lord @rougham'# new act, from the Short-hand Writer's Notes-Transac@ tion# of the Society of Civil Engineer -Lists of English and Scotch Patents, See. Sec.-Published monthly, pric# it. Od., by W. Newton, at the office for patents, 66, Chancery-lanv, London, and Town Hall-buildings. Manchester by Sherwood and Co., and by Simpkln and Marshall, Paternoster-row. To-morrow, January 2, price fid. stamped, the First Number of T HE GARDENER'S CHRONICLE, a Weekly Newspaper of Rural Economy and General News. The Horti@ cultural part edited by PROPESSOR LINDLKY.-A detailed Pro@ •pectus is contained in th@ first number, which may be ordered of al newsmen. SALES BY AUCTION. Modern Furniture. M R. CAFE will SELL by AUCTION, at his Rooms. Groat Marlborough-street. THIS DAY, January 1, and following day,at Eleven, MODERN FURNITURE comprising suits of window curtains in crimson and green merino damatk, cauches, chairs, and sofas en suite, rosewood loo, card, and occa@ sional table#, consoles aud glasses, Spanish mahogany dining table and chair#, clock#, lamps, carpet , a handsome four-po#t bed t ad and furniture, bedding, chest@ of drawers, and the usual appendage@ of the bedchamber, a carved oak library bookcase, a set of diniug tables, and a pier cabinet, a brilliant toned fiS-oc@Uve grand piano@ forte by Erard, a patent piccalo ditto by Broadwoods also a smal 1 Cellar@of Wine, p@ate, plated articles, linen, china, glass, book , a travelling chariot, two phaetons, and numerous other valuable items. -May be viewed and catalogues had at the Rooms. Treherne's Bankruptcy, Oxford-street. @@@. CAFE respectfully informs the Public@ he truction# from ... . has received instruction _ AUCTION, early in Jaauary@next. the valuable LEASEHOLD PRE@ MI@SES, situate No. 39, Oxfor4-@trept together with the extensive and well manufactured 9TOCK ©f FURNITURE, unless an accepts able offer is previously mad#.-4 ,@Great Marlborough-street, Decem@ ber 24@ 1840@ The Furniture of No. f, Eagle-terrace, City-road, and_other Effects, without reservation.-By Messrs. BULLOCK, at@211,@High Holborn, TO-MORROW', at Eleven for Twelve, T WO nearly new SQUARE PIANO-FORTES. with iDetalllc pl.tea. a Cabinet, Cottage, and a Sarai-Urnim ititin, rosewood lount'l, chair., card, central, and pecaalonal tablei, mantle and dree.imtgUeeej, Brn tel carpete, gl@ued bookcase@, ma@ hogany dining tables, chairs, and eafas, recumbent chair, in leather, capital chamber appendage. including • winged wardrobe, drawera, feiir-poit and French bedaieadu, gnoee feather beda, toilet table , fenders and llre-iruns, drugget , floor-cloth , a pair .f globe , doub@t, pereuiwioti run, iron@che l, dinner and tea nerrice@ of china, copper , mid other kitchen item . Also a large Working Model of • High, preeeure Steam-engine.-Now ou view. By Mesiri. BULLOCK, on the Pre ii e . No. 14. Great Ormond street, Queen-aau.re, on Tuesday, the 14th inita.t, hy direction the Pronrietrli, who i@ leaving town, A LL the Genuine HOUSEHOLD FURNI@ TURE, linen, glia , chin., cabinet piano-forte by Rraa l wood In rosewood c@ue. two @Urge chimney glasses @m rich gilt frame , a rosewood drawing room suite, Brussels carpets, mahegan, pedestal sideboard and diuing room ftttlngi, e-day hall clock, stair carpet@, tour-post arid lent bedsteads, hangings, eicellent aoose beds and bedding, good chamber and dr@awing roam articl@w, window curtains, dinner aer.ice, and kitchen and domestic requisites id great ab@m. dance.-To he vlewsd on the day previ.ua when catalogues mar be had there, and of Messrs. Bullock, Bolb.rn, Oreek-itreet.-To Families Furniahing.-The entire Furniture and Fittings of a large dwelling-house in th. country, new front an up@ holsterer within eighteen months retnorsd on ths expiration ut the lease. M essrs, foster and son win sell b v AUCTION, at the Great Room, 14, Oreek, treet, TO-MOR@ ROW, Jan. z. at Twelre, the BFFECTS comprising sieve, four-poe . tent, and French bedstemls, with hangings, mattresses, bods, @um blanket , drawer , mahogany wash and dressing table , with glasses for same number of rooms, a carpet lft yards long, glasses, suites of curtains, two sets of sixteen chairs, set of dining tables, china, glass, a nd kitchen requisites.-On view, and eatalegnes had the office, 13, Ureek-strett, and 54, Pall-mall. Valuable Building Material# @f St. Bartholomew's Church, near tho Bank, aad Two adjoining Houses. land stone, with internal Doric cslurans and arch #, numerous lead casements, a ground glass altar window, with stained glass borders, about 15 ton@ of lead on roofs, pavements, brick foundations, and arched vaults also th@ Materials of the Corner House, in the occupa@ tion ef Mr . Boughay and tlie premise@ lately occupied by Mr. Williams, with mahogany suli glazed with plate glavs, situate in Threadntedle-atreet.-May be viewed three days preceding, aad, morning of sale and catalogue@ had of Toplis arid Son, No. iti, St. Paul's Chureh-yard. Just published, T UCK'S ROLLER CALENDAR for the Year 1841.-This is a mode of affixing the Calendar for the whole year on two revelving cylinders, within an elegant case, so as to exhibit each day's information in a bold and novel manner present@ ing 'daily memoranda. Indispensable to every hou@wkeeper and man of business. It possesses th# advantage of a date box ami almanac, and is adapted for the library, board-room, counting-house, ware@ house, or parlour and is the best application of the calendar ever yet devised. In Mahogany Box, price@5#. fid. Published at 138, Alderngate-street, London. Sold, wholesale, by Hodckinson and Co , stationers. Skinner-street retail, by Burrup. Lombard-street Harrison, Cornhill and all stationers in the kingdom. Just published, T HE RAILWAY CALENDAR for 1841, illus@ trated with an elaborate and splendidly executed Map of the Railways of England and Wale , with their immediate vicinity, on a new and original plan, containing more Information than was ever yot conveyed in so small a space. The CALENDAR contains Lord Seymour B Act for the Regulation of Railways, verbatim, aud a com@ pendium of Ra@ilway Information, which embraces, amongst a great variety of useful and interesting matter, the names of the Chairman, Deputy-Chairman, Engineers, and Secretaries of every Railway in the Kingdom, Transfer Agents, Bankers, and much exclusive infor@ mation beside , answering every purpose of a general Almanack. Price Is. fid. In case for the pocket, 4s. mounted on canvas and rollers, 5s. In neat frame, 5s. fid.-Published at 122, Pleet-street Gronmbridge, Panyer@alley Tyas, Paternoster-row Bell, Fleet-@street and sold by all bookseller# and newsmen. Just published, @m royal l8mo. cloth, price @s@# and by post, free, @U. fid. f ANHOOD the CAUSES ef ito PREMA-iVA TURK DECLINE, with plain directions for@lts PERFECT RB-@iTORATION addressed to those suffering from the destructive effects of exce #ive indulgenc e solitary Habits, or Infection followed by ob@ servation# on the treatment of 8yphilia, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, ice. illustrated with cases, icc. By J@ L, CURTIS and CO., Consulting Burgeons, London. Published by the Authors, and sold by Bailliere 119, Regent-street Olllvier, @f. Pall-mall Strange,@Si. Paternoster-@row Pattie, 4, Brydges-strect, Strand Machsn, Dublin Duncan Edinburgh and by all booksellers. Messrs. Curtis and Co. are to be daily oontulted at their residence@ 7, Frith-street, Soho, from 10 till 8 and fi till 8 in the evening and country patients can be saooesifull@ treated, on minutely describing their cases, and eacloaing the usua @@H ot 11 fo@ advlcs, Jcc,-i bev Dd or froK Soho-tquar . COMPANION TO THE LIFE OF NELSON. Just published, in small 8vo., price 6 . beards, with a Portrait and Five other Plates, T IIE LIFE of Admiral Viscount EXMOUTH, Drawn up from official and other authentic Documents sup@ plied by hi# Family and Friends. By EDWARD 0 9LKR, Esq. This Memoir ha@ been undertaken with the sanction of Lord Ex-@mouth's elder and only surviving Brother and on points of service, officer# who were prominently engaged have given every asrlstanre and the whole has been completed by a reference to documents in the publi@c offices. riere is a valuable addition to our naval biography a book not to be road by Englishmen without pride of heart. The name ©f Ex@ mouth occupies an honourable placo beside those of Nelson and Col-@liugwood his services were hardly les@ numerous @r bril@Uqnt than theirs. -Athena-um. This is a valuable memoir of@@@ an officer whom this country will ever acknowledge as one of Its most brilliant heroes. We have had to notice many valuable historical memoirs, but on no occasion have we had more pleasure than in the examination of the one before us. -Naval and Military Gazette. This is the most admirably-written and interesting naval memoir which ha@ appeared since the Life af Nelson. It is a book which no blue-jacket ought to be without. -United Service Gazette. A book full of interesting anecdotes of a noble specimen ef Eng@ lish character. -Times. _ _ .... nnth. Elder, and Co., Cornhill. POPULAR FRENCH SCHOOL BOOK8. Just published, 12bio fie. hound, L ECONS et MODELES de POESIE FRAN-@CAISB or, Choice Selections from the best French Poets, ar@ ranged in chronological order, with a Treatise on French Versifi@ cation, Rrpertoire Litthrairb or, Choice Selections in Pro@# from the best French Authors. 2d edition 12ino., fis. fid. bound. The above works contain numerous Annotations on History, Geo@ graphy, Literal ure, and Grammar. A New Theoretical and Practical French Grammar. 3d edition, 12mo., fts. 6d. bound. Key to@the Exercise in the above Grammar. 12mo., 39. Th# above are by C. J. Delillv, Professor of ih@ French Language in Christ'# Hospital, the City of London Schools, and French Ex@ aminer in the Faculty of Arts of the University of London. Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane. At 2. Berners-street.-By Mr. DEACON, on Monday next, January 4, and following day by order of the Administrator of the late Mar@ quise de Willford , at Twelre, I U A Q I? 11m An - I a L EASE, Diamond?, mode@m F@amitire, Plate, Lace, Books, Wines. Brandy, 8cc., viz.-The foa e of the dwell@ in,', 58. Margaret-street, held under the Duke of Portland, at a low rent. The jewels comprise a pair of beautiful ear-rings, set in bril@ liant# a ditto, large buckle ditto finger rings, gold cases, fee. Th# excellent furniture is suitable to modern houses, and consist@ of capital four-post and other bedsteads, chamber furniture. Sec. ro ©, wood and mahogany suitsslof tables, chairs, sideboard, couches, chim@ ney glass##, carpets, fenders, rugs, See., tor the drawing and dining parlour. The wines comprise Port, Sherry, Claret, Champa@me also Pale Brandy. Neyeau, Curacoa, Icc. All removed for convenience of sale to Mr. Deacon's Rooms, 2, Berners-street, Oxford-street and on view Saturday, January 2, and mornings of sal . Clieapside,-Th# King's Head Inn and Premises, a safe Investment @dear Rent £2a8 per annum. S@OUTHEY and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's. on Monday next, January 4, at Twelve, by order of th@ Directors ot the Commercial Inland Carrying amf Steam Navigation Company, a valuable LEASEHOLD ESTATE, the KING'S HEAD inn, tavern, and public-house, situate and Carrying and _ Old Change, Ch#ap#ide, comprising a warehouse of two floors, stabling for twvnty-two horses, counting-house, cellaring, lofts, waggon and cart lodges, spacious yard, and capital residence. The premises are ex@ tensive, ami replete with saitabl# convenient s for the business. Let on lea e, @nd producing a clear income of £338 per annum.- May he viewed with the tenant's permission, and particulars had on the pre@ mises at Garraway's and of Southey and Son, 191, Tooley-street. SIR WALTER SCOTT'S HISTORY OF SCOTLAND-SCHOOL EDITION. In two thick vol#. bound, together or separately, T he history ot Scotland, trom the earliest period to the clos@ of the Rebellion 1745-46, contained in Tales af a Grandfather. By Sir WALTER SCOTT, Bart. Robert Cadell, Edinburgh Whittaker and Co., London. Of whom may b# had, 1. Life of Sir Walter Scott. By Mr. Lockhart, in vols. 2. Wavbrlby Novels. 48 vol#. 3. Sir Walter Scott's Poetry, 12 vols. 4. Prose Writings. 28 vols. Just published, prie# 5s., by Longman aud C ., a New Edition of _ R. PATERSON CLARK'S TREATISE on M __ tho TEETH@ Affords a clear and analytical examination of the cause and pro@ cess of decay, with excellent observations on the best means of pre@ serving the teeth whole and free from pain. As an Es#ay on Dental Malady we possess no work of equal merit. -Atlas. The most useful book of the kind. -Times. The result of large experience. -Examiner. To be had of all booksellers and of the Author, Sackville-street. Just published, price Is _ . -L A BEAUME'S NEW TREATISE on GAL-VANI8M. A short account of Galvanism, and Its efficacy io th# cure ef Indigestion, Liver Complaints, AsUmia, dropsy. Palsy@ Rheumatism, Deufness, fee. By M. LA BEAUME, Medical G lvanist and Electrician to the Queen, F.L.S., fcc. . .. . . Highlcy, Fleet-street or may b@ahad of@the Author, No. ll, Argyle-street. Regent-street, where h# dally receives patients. T he numismatic chronicle, no. xi. -Just published, price 3 . fid., continued Quart rly.-C n-@tent@ Unedited Autonomous and Imperial Greek Coins-Medals of the Pretender-Unpublished Brl 'i 11 '!SQn™ D n n 8ke ltM Meraoir on th@ R@ ttiero-@ew'Methodl of Obtaining Representations of Cains- Miscellanea-Proceedings of the Numismatic Society.-London Taylor find Walton, 28, Upper Gowsr-itre t. Hertfordshire.-'Tewin-watsr Mansion, between Welwyn and Hert@ ford, Herts.-Important Sale of valuable Household Furniture and Effects.-By Mr. JACKSON, on the Premises, on Tuesday, Jan. @@@and Three following Days, and on Tuesday, Jan, 12, and following' Days, at Eleven for Twelve precisely, by direction of the Executors@ of the late Henry Cowper, Esq., C@OMPRISING tour-post, French, elliptic, sofa, J and other bedsteads, with rich chintz, damask, moreen, aud dimity hangings, folding palliates, excellent hair and wool ma@t tresses, seasoned goose feather bed . Witney blankets, Marseilles quilts, counterpanes, excellent wardrobes, chests of drawers, wash-@hand stands, dressing tables, wight cmxmodis, cheval and tray @wi@i glasses, chamber chairs and carpets, shower bath, Sec. Th# drawing rooms aro fitted up with solid rosewood chairs, elegant ebstfon@evi •nd bookcases, console tables, brilliant plate chimney and pier glasses, measuring 74 by 59, 90 by 50, 59 by 33, and ftO by 30, silk tabaret window curtains with rich draperies, rosewood loo, sofa, and occa@ sional tables of the first quality and workmanship, sofa#, couches, and ottomans, fir# screens, Woburn chairs, handsome Brus@@@@ carpets and rugs, fenders and fire irons, French @docks, beautiful alabaster and marble ornaments and vases, a rttaarkably fine-toned s st#nente, which plays the piano-forte and organ, @Hue toned rose@ wood piano-forte, music stools. Canterburies, and portfolio stand. Th@ dining room furniture comprises 10 well-made mahogany chairs witn morocco seats, set ef mahogany dining tables, oj ning lft feel b@ 5 feet 3 inches, with shifting @nap#, on stout carved lees, aide table . Axruinster carpet and rug. lounging chairs, coffee tables, r@kl window curtains, pier class, 72 by 50, mahogany sideboard, two pedestal side tables, a valuable library of about 3,06u volumes of boaks, including Doomsday Book, Journals of the Lords and Commons, 132 vols., Encyclypu dia Britanniea, 29, Session@ Papers,@121, English Poets, zl, the works of Sir William Jones, Bishop Porteus. Sir James Stewart, Bishop Hurd, Dr. Johnson, Burk#v Burns, Dryden, Universal History, Delphin Classics, lftl vols. Brit al , Essayist#, Bell's British Theatre, 2ft, Read's Shakspeare, Statutes a@ Large, East's Reports, Sec. Sec. Extensive sideboard ot plate and plated articles, cellar of fine old wine about 250 dwzwn, consisting of claret, port, madclra, sherry, sauterne, champagne, malmsey about loo bottles of fin# old rum. eighty years old, e@Ugant dinner, dessert, tea, and breakfast china, rich cut glass, earthenware, kitchen and cu@ linary articles, mangle, twelve cucumber and melon frames ana lights, twenty-five hand lights, garden engine, fifty garden seats, bwr-@r©ws, tools, nine handsome vases, thirty-six dahlia stands, iron roil, ladders, thirty-six framed iron arch# , capital yellow-bodled chariot, lined with fine drab cloth, with travelling trunk , lamps, 3cc in ex-@ccllent preservation, greca-bodied phaeton, invalid chair, aearlv n w@ carriage harness, saddles and bridles, 8cc. Live aud dead fa@mi@m stock comprises six cart and nag hors# , five flu# framed c ws fc etshty-nine fat sheep, 3, 4, 5. and 6 years old. Iron-armed waggon,, three loading carts, two mould ditto, two 3-wheel carts,@dray plough . harrows, roll, scarifier, cart and plough harness, twen.y-6ix ceal sacks, five stacks ef prim# meadow hay, forks, rake. , a boat, and nu@ merous valuable effects.-May be viewed on the Saturdayand Mondav preceding the sale, with'catalogues only, which may@be had. is. each, at the Drincipa! Innsat Welwrn. Barnet, Hatfield, si, Alfiaa'a, Hitrhia. Baldock, Wadesmill, Ware, Hoddesden, and Waltham-cross Auction@ Mart, London place ©f sale and ol Mr. Jackson, auctioneer ai-d estate agent,@Hertford. ARRANGEMENT OF SALE. Tuesday, Jan. 5.-Part ot the bed room furniture, upper drawing room, ante-room, grand sostenente, by Mott and Co,, playing piano@ forte and organ, library furniture, hali. glass, aud butler's pantry. Wednesday, Jan. 6.-Part ot the bedroom furniture, dining room@ ante room, servant'@6hall, washhouse, Sec. Thursday, Jan. 7.-Remainder of th@ bedroom furniture, billiard room, including billiard table, drawi g room, morning room, house@ keeper's room, store room, lardar, and dairy. Friday, Jan. 8.-Kitchen, scullery, plate, aud wine, Tuesday, Jan. 12.-Books. Wednesday, Jan. 13.-Books, paintings, prints, china, and miscel@ laneous property. Thursday, Jan, 14.-Live and dead farming stack, implements, hay, carriage , harness, garden lights and tools. h o m Mi a NJ W 1
[ GS_aligned] ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ and by the following Bankers -Messrs. Goslin@g and Sharp, 19, Fleet-street Messrs. Coutts, 59, Strand Messrs. Drummonds, Charing cross. M@@ ORAVIANS in GREENLAND.-It is con- fidently hoped, that these who are enjoying in abundance the proverbial comfort@ of the Englishman's fireside, will not suffer the condition and necessities of the Moravian Missionaries and their Christian flocks, residing in Greenland, to be laid before them in vain. On that ice bound coast, where the cold is not unfrequently 40 or even 50 degrees below the freezing point, scarcely any fuel grows, and the measure of supply depends chiefly upon the driftds. L OST, on the 23d ult., a BRILLIANT BROOCH, with a drop and two pieces of diamond chain, in a case whoever has found and will bring the same, complete, to Mr. Scripps, 1s, South Molton-street, Oxford-street, shall RECEIVE TWENTY- FIVE POUNDS REWARD. L AWRENCE and MARY GARLIC, deceased, formerly MARY KIRK@BRIDE, spinster.-If the DAUGHTERS of t@he above persons, who were living on the 26th day of December, 1835, will apply to Messrs. Powell, F. and W. Braderip, and Wilde, solicitors, 9, Lincoln's-inn, they will HEAR of SOMETHING to their ADVANTAGE. S ECOND CENTENARY of the most remarkable Year in English History.-At FUNSBURY CHAPEL, South- place, a LECTURE will be delivered, by W. J. FOX, next Sunday Morning, on the ever memorable EVENTS of the YEAR 1641.-To commence at Eleven o'clock. Q UEEN ADELAIDE'S LYING-IN HOSPI-TAL. Queen-street, Golden-square.-The GENERAL QUAR- TERLY MEETING of the GOVERNORS will be held at the Hospital, @on M@onday, January 11, 1841, for the ELECTION of a COM- MITTEE and OFFICERS for the ensuing year, and for the trans- action of @the@ business. J. SNOW, Secretary. Hospital, Dec. 30, 1@840. L OCK HOSPITAL, January 1.@-@A QUAR- TERLY and SPECIAL GENERAL COURT of the GOVER- NORS of this Charity will be held on Thursday, the 14th instant, at One o'clock precisely, to receive a STATEMENT of the Quarterly Accounts to Christmas last, and for the purpose of considering the propriety of selling as much stock as may be required for the com- pletion of that portion of the new building now about to be con- tracted for, and of placing the proceeds thereof at Messrs. Drum- monds' in the joint names of the Treasurers of the Building Fund. By order, BENJ. MEREDITH, Sec. ################################# -Notice is hereby given, that the HALF-YEARLY GENE- RAL MEETING of the REGISTERED PROPRIETORS in this Company, is appointed to be held al Rolls'-buildings, on Monday, the 11th instant, as provided by the terms set forth in the deed of settlement. The Chair will be taken at Twelve for One o'clock. By order of the Board. HENRY COLLINSON, Directing Manager. Rolis'-bbildings, Fetter-lane, Jan. 1, 1841. N ATIONAL PATENT SALT COMPANY.-@@Notice is hereby given, that the next HALF-YEARLY GENERAL MEETING of the SHAREHOLDERS of this Company will be holden at the Offices of the Company, No. 20, King's ######################## Coleman street, London, on Tuesday, the 19th day of January instant, at One o'clock precisely, at which time and place the Share- holders will proceed to ELECT THREE@ DIRECTORS, in the ############################ the 9th of January.-Stationery-office, January 1, 1841. ############################################### A preference will be given to a young man who may already have passed some time in a business@ but applications from parents desirous of placing a well behaved and well educated youth in employment will be considered. A moderate salary will be given for the first year, and on its expiration a further arrangement may be made if the parties should be mutually satisfied. Security will be required.-Letters with full particulars post paid to be addressed to J. C., at Messrs. Skipper and East's. No. 1, St. Dunstan's-hill. #################################################################################################################### in Cavendish-mews, Charlotte-street. Stabling for twenty-one horses, five coach houses, coachmakers' shop, lofts, and dwelling rooms. The premises being divided renders th@em particularly eligible for commission stables as well as a livery yard, or any business re- quiring spacious premises.-Inquire personally of Mr. Walter Parker, solicitor, 11, Nassau-street, Soho. No letters will be attended to. J EWELLERY, SILVERSMITH'S, and HARD-able individual, commanding from £5,000 to ############### of succeeding to a sure TRADE, which hasbeen conducted by the present owner's family nearly fifty years, and the profits of which exceed £2,000 per annum.-Principals only will be treated with, on personal application to Mr. Allen Davis, 8, Chatham-place, Blackfriars. ############################################### of office by rota- tion, and has given notice of his intention to offer himself for re- election , Edward Jerningham who has ceased to be a director , and John ######## Esq. who has resigned . By order of the ################ Office@, Jan, 1, #################################################################### TRADESMEN and other deserving persons of either sex, can be ACCOMMODATED with MONEY to any amount, from £10 to £100, and upwards repayable by weekly instalments, on the security of a promissory note of two or more responsible house- keepers, according to circumstances, within forty-eight hours after being applied for, should the parties offering prove satisfactory.-Apply personally at the office, Portland Chambers, No. 75, Great Titchfield-street, Oxford-street. A LFRED LIFE ASSURANCE ASSOCIA- TION, 51, Old @Broad-street.-Notice is hereby given, that t@he HALF YEARLY INTEREST, at the rate of Four per Cent. per Annum, on the Capital Stock of this Association, due the 31st of December last, will become PAYABLE on the 10th day of January instant. Proprietors can receive the same at the office on that or any sub- sequent day, between the hours of Eleven and Four o'clock. By order of the Directors, J. W. HAMPTON, Secretary. ####################################### DEFERRED ANNUITY SOCIETY, 26, Cornhill, London, December 24, 1840. Notice is hereby given, that the HALF-YEARLY INTEREST, at the rate of @5 per cent. per @annum on the Capital Stock of this Society, which become due on the 31st ultimo, will become PAYABLE on the 11th instant and Proprietors can receive the same at the Office on that, or any subsequent day, between the hours of Eleven and Three. @By order of the Court of Directors, F. FERGUSON CAM@ROUX, Secretary. ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## DEFERRED ANNUITY SOCIETY, 26, Corn@hill, ################################## of Parliament. ############# LAMIE MURRAY, Esq., Chairman. J. Elliotson, M.D., F.R.S. ############################### Esq. Clement Tabor, Esq. @@@@Joseph Thompson, ######################################################### these expeditions occasionally prove. We wish it were possible to dispense with the labour and suffering they occasion. It sometimes happens that all the fuel they can ob- tain is only sufficient to cook their food, but not to warm their sit- ting rooms. Most of the buildings where the children meet for school are destitute of all means of warmth. If a sufficient sum were contributed, coals, and also stoves where needed, could be pro- vided and conveyed to the settlements through Copenhagen. Again, the perils to which the Moravian Greenlanders are exposed in obtaining food for their households often prove fatal to heads of families, and the number of widows and orphans in the settiements left without their natural providers is unusually large, and as there are no wealthy neighbours to apply to they suffer greatly during the winter. We have had nothing to eat for two or three days, is often their cry, say the missionaries, but this we would not mind if there were but food for our poor children. Thus the families of many truly Christian men are exposed to the greatest privations. So@me friends in England and in St. Petersburg have established a fund, called the Elias-cad or barrel of meal of Eiijah , from which the missionaries have been enabled to render aid to these poor starving families@ but this fund greatly needs to be replenished. The present appeal is strengthened by the consideration of the ex- treme economy with which the mission in Greenland is carried on, four stations with 24 male and female missionaries costing only £489 in 1839, including nearly £100 for passage of missionaries. As th@e Moravian Mission funds are in arrear to the extent of above £3,000, it is @impracticable to increase from that source the supplies already furnished, but contributions to the obj@ects above specified will be thankfully re@ceived for the account of The London Associa- tion in Aid of the Moravian Missions, at the following places, but it will be necessary to specify that they are for Fuel for Green- land, or for T@he Elias Fund for Greenland, or if given for Greenland generally the amount will be equally divided between both fund@@@.-Messrs. Smith and Co., Lombard-street Messrs. Williams, Dea- con, a@nd Co., Birchin-lane at the Office of the London Association, 38, Charles-street, Parliament-street Messrs. Hatchard, Piccadilly Seeley's, Fleet-street and Nisbet's, Berner's-street, London also by Messrs. Miles, Harford, and Co., Bristol Hobheuse and Co., Bath C. T. Cooke. Esq., Cheltenham Messrs. Hall, West, and Co., Brighton Haydon's. Guildford Gurney and Co., Norwich Mort- lock's, Cambridge Attwoods and Co., Birmingham Smith and Co., Derby, Nottingham, and Hull Rev. C. F. Bagshawe, Manchester James Montgomery, Esq., ################################ Elwin, Esq., Dover and ############ ALAMITOUS FIRE, attended by LOSS of of LIFE@!-The late dreadful FIRE in Church street, Chelsea, by which the Old White Horse public-house was totally consumed, also an unfortunate Young Man, a brother of the landlord, burnt to death, has been the means of plunging several persons in great dis- tress and pecuniary difficulties. The landlord, who had only partially insured his furniture, has lost everything his wife's sister is much injured by jumping out of window. Also a female lodger, who, having been the first to alarm the inmates, had great difficulty in escaping herself, and saving the lives of her three dear children, by first throwing them into the arms of the police, and then following them herself, and although promptly caught by one of that useful body, was severely shook, and internally injured. The whole of the above have a claim on the benevolence of their fellow creatures. A SUBSCRIPTION having been opened for their relief, the Committee appointed for that purpose hereby publicly solicit the charitable assistance of the humane, feeling assured that a sympathy will be excited in favour of the unfortunate sufferers, being a case of misfor- tune from which none of us, with all our care, can say we are secure, In the midst of the festivities of the season, it must be truly pleasing to a generous heart to reflect, while surrounded by the enjoyments of life, that @he has contributed his mite to assist and relieve the unfor- tunate-the proper use to apply such riches as Providence in his mercy has been pleased to bless him with.-Subscriptions will be thankfully received by Mr. Benjamin Davis, sen., Church-street, Chelsea, treasurer and by W. Sharpe, stock-broker, No. 1, Bank Chambers, Lothbury, and 9, Lindsay-place, Chelsea. P ENINSULAR and ORIENTAL STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANY, for establishing Steam Communi- cation with British India, c. under Royal Charter of Incorpora- tion, granted November, 1840. Capital One Million, in 2@0,000 Shares of £50 each, with authority, under the sanction of the Lords Com- missioners of her Majesty's Treasury, to increase it to ############################### Anderson, Esq. Richard Bourne, Esq. Sir John Campbell, K.C.H. @Francis Carleton, Esq. Joseph C. ###### Esq. Capt. Samuel Thornton, R.N. Robert Thurburn, Esq. @Brodie M'Ghie Willcox, Esq. Charles Wye Williams, Esq. Peter John De Zulueta, ################### Esq. With power to add to their number, and elect a Chairman and Deputy Chairman.man. The Managing Directors. AUDITORS-The Hon. J. T. Leslie Melville Jameson Hunter, Esq. BANKERS-Messrs. Williams, Deacon, Labouchere, and Co. #################### Bellenden Ker, Esq. ############# B. De Mole, Esq., Merchant Tailors' Hall J. A. M'Leod, Esq., Billiter-street. ############# James Allan. The Directors have the satisfaction to announce to the Proprietary and t@he public, that the Charter of Incorporation for the Company, which, among other advantages, limits the responsibility of share- holders to the amount of their respective subscriptions, has re- ceived the Royal ######## @@@@@@Applicants for shares are informed that the first issue at par will be ####################################################### allotted on the 20th January next, and that the deposit or £@5 per ################################ be required to be paid on or before the first of February, 1841, to entitle subscribers to receive a dividend out of the profits which will be declared in May, 1841. No further instalment on such shares will be required for six months. The prospectus and form of application for shares may be ############################################## the Company's Office, 51, St. Mary-axe, and at 44, ############################################################### at the City of Dublin Steam-packet Company's ############################################### verpool and Dublin and of the Bankers and Solicitors of the Com-@ @@pany. By order. JAMES ALLAN, Secretary. OTICE is here@by given, that by Indenture@@@@ ###### @the 21st day of November, 1840, made between GEORGE MARTI@N COC@K, of Islington, in the county of ########### linen paper, of the first part John Dillon, of Fore-street, London, ######### William Symons Faulke, of Friday-street, Lon- don, ############## and John Harris, of Newgate-market, Lon- don meat salesman, of @the second part and the several persons times, Creditors of the sai@d George Martin Cock, who should # the said inde@nture of the third part for the considerations # mentioned, the @said George Martin Cock did ASSIGN unto  ####### Diſlon, @William Symons Faulke, and John Harris, their ########## Adminis@trator@, and Assigns, all and singular his ########################################################### and all other  personal Estate except @Leasehold Estate , upon certain t@herein mentioned, for the BENEFIT of the CRE- DITORS of the said George Martin Cock and that the said ############### executed by the said George Martin Cock  by the said Trustees, and is attested by the undersigned William ## Ashurst and that the ###################################################### ############### the 19th December, 1840. W. H. ASH@URST, Solicitor for the Trustees. N O. 36, OLD BOND-STREET, Piccadilly, and @@@No. 1, Old Jewry, City.-The VOICE CONDUCTORS, invented  Mr. E. SOLOMONS, Optician @the sale of which is confined to the ############### , are so small only one quarter of an inch #################### constructed as to extend acute hearing toe DEAF. They are perfectly concealed from o@bservation, are ad- ### ################ and give immediate relief to those ######### ########## The distinguished advantages of ####################################### Ewins, and Ommaney, 26, Basinghall-street. LIFE ASSURANCE. Besides the perfect security to the policy holder of a large paid-up capital, and accumulating funds, with moderate rates of premium, the following is one amongst many of the advantages which belong exclusively to the principles of Life Assurance and Deferred An- nuities, originated by the Society, viz. Power to borrow without delay, expense, or forfeiture two-thirds of all premiums paid upon a Policy of Assurance. PREMIUM FOR ASSURING £100 Whole ##################################################################################################################################### ANNUITIES DEPARTMENT. By the plan exclusively developed by the Society, a single Deferred Annuity is made, not only to answer the same object, but to equal in amount the entire sum of all the advantages heretofore only obtained by the middle and industrious classes by separate investments in Savings' Banks, Benefit Societies, and Loan Banks. 1. A small yearly, or weekly contribution, will secure the most ample return for after life thus-£2 12s. per annum a shilling a week at 20, will, at 6@5, give the policy holder the choice of an an- nuity for life of £47 16s. 6d. £394 11s. in cash or Policy without further contribution, off £4@66 at death. 2. Two-thirds at any time lent on deposit of Policy, being a fund always available during sickness or want of employment. 3. Two-thirds of all payments returned to representatives in case of premature death. N.B, Policies@ as collateral money security for periods of one to five years, effected at lower rates than charged by any other office see Tables A. and B. , with option of continuance for Life, at the usual rates. F. FERGUSON CAM@ROUX, Secretary. M ################## and FINCHLEY TURN- PIKE-ROAD.-Notice is hereby given that the GENERAL ANNUAL MEETING of the TRUSTEES of the above road, acting under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 7th year of the reign of King George IV., entitled @@An Act for making a Turnpike-road from St. John's Chapel, in the parish of St. Marylebone, to the north-east end of Ballard's lane, abutting upon the North-road, in the parish of Finchley, with a Branch there- from, in the County of Middlesex and of another Act. made and passed in the 5th year of the reign of king William IV., entitled An Act to incorporate the Avenue-road, in the parish of St. Maryle- bone, with the St. Marylebone and Finchley Turnpike-roads, in the County of Middlesex, will be held at the house of Mr. Redmond, the Swiss Tavern, near Junction-gate, on the above road, on Wednesday, the 10th day of February now next, at Twelve o'clock at Noon. Dated this 31st day of December, 1840. CHARLES FREETH, Clerk to the Trustees of the said Board, 65, Welbeck-street, Cavendish-square. F ALCON GLASS WORKS.-APSLEY PELLATT, only surviving partner of the late firm of Pellatt and Green, many years since entirely removed from St. Paul's Church- yard to the Falcon Glass Works, @Holland-street, Blacktriars, where he has show rooms for every description of table glass, toilette and smelling bottles, cruet sets, newly invented renaissance, chandeliers, lustres, lamps, chemical glass also the newest patterns of china table, dessert, and tea services.-Printed list@, with sketches, may be had on application. The extensive glass works may be seen in full operation any Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday. L @OSS OF TEETH SUPPLIED, WITHOUT SPRINGS, CLASPS, OR WIRES, LOOSE TEETH PASTENED, AND FILLING DROCAYRD TEETH WITH MINERAL MARMORATUM. Monsienr LE DRAY Surgeon-Dentist, No. @@60, Newman-street, Oxford-street, continues to RESTORE DECAYED TEETH with his celebrated MINERAL MARMORATUM, applied without pain, pre- venting and ####################### and rendering the operation of extraction unnecessary. He also fastens loose teeth, whether arising from neglect, the use of calomel, or disease of the gums. IN- CORRODIBLE ARTIFICIAL or NATURAL TEETH of surpassing beauty fixed, from one to a complete set, without extracting the roots, or giving any pain, at the following Paris Charges -A single Artificial ######################################## 0 A complete set of Natural Teeth, beautifully mounted in arti- ficial gums or fine gold, the sa@me as charged 30 guineas ....15 15 0 An entire set of his beautiful Mineral Teeth, highly finished, in the first style, the same as charge@ 40 ########### Arranged on the most improved principles, and ############################ referenc@es inquire at Mr. ################## Mr. Early's, 13, @Houndsditch wood-street, Bishopsgate-street, London. V ALUABLE FREEHOLD PROPERTY, in Salisbury and its vicinity@-For SALE by Private Contract, TWO commodious DWELLING HOUSES, with the gardens and orchard adjoining, pleasantly situate within a mile from the city of Salisbury, on the north side of the turnpike road leading to Bath. These premises are freehold, and, from their position and general convenience, form most agreeable and desirable residences for genteel families anxious to enjoy the advantages of town and country. Also Two eligible Freehold Dwelling Houses and Shops, situate adjoining each other, in Silver-street, and possessing a frontage on the New Canal, in the city of Salisbury, in the occupation of respectable tenants, whose leases will terminate at Midsummer next. The grocery business has been advantageously carried on in the ##################################################################################### and completely fitted up with machinery and every requisite. The stock in trade has been judiciously selected, is of the first qua- lity, and ready for immediate use. The situation is exceedingly eligible in every point of view, and presents an #################################################################################### axles, C springs, imperials, cap case, and all the ############ attached to highly finished carriages.-May be seen at 43, Craw@ford-street, ########################################################### ditto superbly for £@360 a single room, or a single article furnished equally moderate.We request ########## attention of country residents to the important fact that, regardless of distance, we deliver their orders ###################### and CO., wholesale and re@tail cabinet, upholstery, and bedding manufac- turers, Finsbury-square. C@@@@ ABINET FURNITURE and ########################################################################################################################################## to any amount.-N.B. Always on hand a ############ stuffed and covered in leather, at two ######### drawing room chairs, 17s. 6d., and substantial ################ or study, at 16s. 6d. also excellently tables, warranted, at 4@½ guineas. The stock of carpets consists of magnificent Brussels, varying in price@@@ fro@m 2s. 6d. per yard ################################################## upholsterers, and carpet-manufacturers, opposite the Mansion-house, city of London. @B RUSSELS CARPETS.-LAMBETH- HOUSE, Marsh-gate.-All the new and beautiful patterns in BRUSSELS CARPETS, at 3s. 6d. per yard@@ less fashionable styles, 3s. and 2s. 6d. Also Turkey, Kidderminster, and Venetian carpets, floorcloths of every width, warranted thoroughly ######################################################## near the Marsh-gate E VERINGTON and GRAHAM, 10, Ludgate- street, near St. Paul's.-Warehouse for all the finest descrip- tions of manufacture, at prices which exemplify the. ####### of a ready money system of business. INDIA SHAWLS, GOLD #################################################### and mastication. At ######### Newman-street. Oxford-street. ###################################################################################### by Royal Charter, 1835, No. 2, ########################### Charles Barry Baldwin. Esq., ########################################################################################## Esq., M.P. ######################### ############################## Esq. Oliver Farrer, ##################### Esq. Sir Andrew Pellet Green, R.N. ############################################################ Farrer and Co., 66, Lincoln's-inn-fields. ################### Milliken, ##################################################### J. DEVIS, from Paris. Surgeon-Dentist, 32,@B@aker-street, Portman-square. RESTORES DECAYED TEETH with his PATENT MINERAL HERMASTIKON, instantly curing tooth-ache, a@nd rendering the operation of extracting unnecessary. Loose teeth fastened, arising from neglect, use of calom@el, or affec- tion of the gums. Mo@ns. D. calls the attention of the nobility and gen- try to his newly-invented Teeth, for which he has obtained a patent through the Con@tin nt being of surpassing beauty, and fixed with- out spring@ or wires from one to a complete set, without extracting the root@s or giving any pain, at the following Paris charges -A sin- gle tooth, 10s. a set, £5 a complete set of natural teeth, set in fine gold and artificial gums, £@15 usually charged 30 guineas a set of newly-discovered teeth, 20 guineas, not to be equalled, arranged on the most scientific principles. T HE APERITIVE FOUNTAIN is so portable and well closed,that containing a pint of water it may be put into the pocket and its contents being introduced into the bowels, acts as efficiently as a dose of opening medicine, but more quickly and comfortably. This very simple remedy preserves persons from the sufforings that embitter the existence of those who are subject to costiveness, and from the organic disease which ultimately proves fatal to all who persist in habitually taking purgatives for the re- lief of indigestion and other disorders of the stomach and intestines. The SOUND MAGNIFIERS, for which Dr. Scott's the inventor of the Aperitive Fountain received the thanks of the Committee of the British Association, enable deaf persons to join in public worship, and to hear conversation without holding anything to the ear. As they are, from necessity, of divers powers, to suit each individual's case, those who are unable to select the proper kind themselves, may have it sent post free , by writing particulars of their deafness containing an order for payment to the Superintendant of Dr. Scott's Medical Re- pository, 369, Strand, three doors from Exeter Hall. ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## Holborn, London. B RITISH PAPER WAREHOUSE, 46, Cornhill. @@@-SELECTION of PRESENTS.-Showr@o@oms for Elegancies and Novelties adapted for PRESENTATION.-New and improved patterns of ladies' and gentlemen's writing desks, dressing cases, work boxes, and tea caddies, envelope boxes, blotting cases, an im- @@mense variety of ladies' companions, which are miniature morocco work boxes fitted with scissors, knife, thimble, reels, c., richly gilt crimson velvet pocket books for 1841, together with the new Oxford editions of the Bible and Prayer Book, in every style of binding.-46, Cornhill, London. S TOCKEN'S PATENT ENVELOPES, superior@@ to any invented for security Stocken's patent Damping Bottle for securing postage stamps on letters the Camel's-hair Pencil, warranted not to break off Stocken's Pure Cumberland Drawing Pencils black-bordered Envelops, of the best quality, eight dozen for 2s. 6d. best copy books, 3s. @6d. per dozen Post-office writing papers superfine Bath post, 5s. per ream, or 3d. per quire Note ditto, 3s. 6d. per ream, or 2½d. per quire. The largest and most elegant assortment of envelope cases, from 4s. blotting books, albums, scrap book@, bibles@ and prayer books, bound in velvet, @c@. Name plate elegantly engraved, and 100 superfine cards printed for 5s., at STOCKEN'S, No. 53, Quadrant, Regent-street. S TOCKEN'S MAGNETIC RAZOR STROP,@@@@ from 2s. each portable Dressing Cases, in russia or morocco, containing razor, shaving brush, strop, and comb, @@c., for 10s. 6d. rosewood or mahogany Dressing Cases, fitted with two razors, button book, tweezers, scissors, nail, tooth, hat, shaving, and hair brushes, with lock and key, only 18s. 6d. Brush Cases, in rus- sia or morocco letter, complete, with three of the best brushes, 17s. 6d. Dressing Cases, with ailver fittings, from ten to fifty guineas one pair of the best ivory-handle Razors in case, for 8s. 6d. rosewood work-boxes, with lock and key, 4s. 6d despatch boxes in russia or morocco travelling writing cases, ten inches, with ###### lock, 15s. 6d. each.-C. STOCKEN, Dressing Case Manufacturer, 53, Quadrant, Regent-street, next door to Swan and Edgar's. T HE Publication of BLACKWOOD'S MAGA-@ ZINE, and the General Business of Messrs. William Black- wood and Sons, will be CARRIED ON at 45, George-street, Edin- burgh as heretofore and in London, at their premises, 22, Pall-mall. -London, 22, Pall-mall. @N EW QUADRILLES and WALTZES.-@@@The@@@ most popular Quadrilles of the present season are Musard's Reine d'un Jour, two sets, each 4s. Le Brasseur de Preston, 4s. and the two favourite sets from Le Postillion de Lonju@meau and the best Waltzes, Lanner's Labyrinth.-London Chappell, 50, New Bond- street. T O FLUTE-PLAYERS.-The FLUTONICON,@@ for January, contains the commencement of a series of Essays On Fingerings on the Flute, by W. James. No. 86, for January, also contains a new set of Quadrilles, by Musard Vestris's new song. Fairy, lead them Phillips's ditto, @@The days that have faded Lovely night, and Six others. The whole for 8d. sent by post, 1s@-Address the Editor, 23, Paternoster-row where complete sets in single numbers, or bound, may be had also of Gange, 19, Poultry and all other book and music sellers. T HE PIANISTA or, Promenade Concert@@ Magazine of Piano-forte and Vocal Music, No. I., price One Shilling, is @published this day. Contents A complete Set of New Quadrilles by the celebrated Musard-A Popular Song, with new embellishments by Mr. Grivelli and a New Ballad by Miss Costello, the elegant writer of the Bocages and the Vines. This number sent post free to any part of the kingdom, by enclosing 1s. 4d. in a pre-paid letter, addressed Editor of the Pianista, 23, Pasternoster- row. Sold by Sherwood's, and by Gauge, 19, Poultry and by all book and @musicsellers in the kingdom. @@M R. AINSWORTH'S NEW ROMANCE.-@@@@The SUNDAY TIMES PROPRIETORS beg to announce that they have entered into an ENGAGEMENT with W. HAR- RISON AINSWORTH. Esq., Author of Rookwoed, Crichton. @@Jack Sheppard, Tower of London, @c@., for the EXCLUSIVE PUBLICATION of his New Historical Romance, entitled OLD SAINT PAUL'S. To be completed in Fifty-two Weekly Numbers, the first of which will appear in the columns of that journal on Sun- day next, January 3,1841. Orders received by all newsvenders. @Price Sixpence.-Printed and published by J. K. Chapman, 72, Fleet-street. PUBLICATIONS. On Saturday next will be published, Part IV. of Vol. III., completing the Third Volume of the JOURNAL of the STATISTICAL SOCIETY of @@@@LONDON. CONTENTS. 1. Mortality among the Poer in Limerick. 2. Education among Criminals and general Population in England and other Countries. 3. Plan of a New Common Place Book. 4. Statistics of a recently disturbed District in Monmouthshire. 5. Book Trade of various Countries, @@c. Chas. Knight and Co., 22, Ludgate-street. On Saturday next, the 2d of January, in 3 vols. post ################################ Historical Romance. By Captain MEADOWS TAYLOR. of the Service of his Highness the Nizam. Author of Confessions of a Thug. Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. This day, in vols, post 8vo., with Portraits of General Jackson, the President Van Buren , Daniel Webster, and Henry Clay, @@ARISTOCRACY IN AMERICA. Edited by FRANCIS J. GRUND, E@sq. @@These are lively, shrewd, and amusing volumes, containing numerous diverting sketches of the high life of American society. -Morning Post@@@@. Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. This day, in 2 vols. post 8vo., with Illustrations,s, NARRATIVE of the CAMPAIGN of the ARMY@@@ of the INDUS, in SIND and KAUBOOL, in 1838 ######## By RICHARD HARTLEY KENNEDY, M.D., Late Chief of the Medical Staff of the Bombay Division of the Army of the Indus. Crowded with anecdotes and descriptions. The work is extremely entertaining, and written in a spirit of vivacity unusual in narratives of this class. It presents a vivid and interesting history of one of the most important campaigus in which our Indian army has ever been engaged. -Atlas. Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street Publisher in Ordinary to her Majesty . ################################################### published. Part XI. of a N EW GENERAL BIOGRAPHICAL ######################## ################################################################################ ENCYCLOPAEDIA METROPOLITANA. Just publishe@d, ####### 1s., Part LII. ############################################ by the Rev. HENRY JOHN ROSE, late Fellow of St. John's College, Cambridge. Published for the Proprietors by B. Fellowes, @Ludgate-street. Just published, T HE ANATOMY of the NERVES of the UTERUS. By ROBERT LEE, M.D., F.R.S. In folio, with 2 plates, engraved. Price 8s. London @H. Bailliere, 219, Regent-street. This day is published, post 8vo., price 8s. 6d., L@ETTERS from ITALY to a YOUNGER SISTER. By CATHERINE TAYLOR. ...... With general goodness of writing, universal goodness of feeling, and altogether well calculated to serve the modest purpose for which the preface announces it to be designed. -Edinburgh Review. John Murrray, Albemarle-8treet. Now ready, Second Edition, 8vo., 5s., A WINTER in the WEST INDIES, described in familiar Letters to H@enry Clay, Esq., of Kentucky. By JOSEPH@ JOHN @GURNEY, ## E@ar@lham. John Murray, ######################################################################################### CORAZZA and other SHIRTS, is his Ware-room, No.@8, Carl@ton-chambers, Waterloo- place. Pall-mall. J. J. Capper's only business is the making and selling of shirts, detached fronts, and collars and by confining his attention to these articles, and supplying them for present cash only, he can confidently offer, at very moderate prices, shirts of the best materials and forms, made to measure, and engaged to fit with pre- cision and case. The linens or long cloths used are of the same superior fabrics which are sold by his father and brother, John Capper and Son, in Gracechurch-street, in the City, with a reputation established for more than 60 ############### B. SAVORY and SONS, Goldsmiths, No. 14, Cornhill, Lon- don, opposite the Bank of England , inform executors and others, wishing to dispose of SECOND-HAND PLATE, that, from having a ready sale, they can offer more advantageous prices than can be usually given by the trade payment may either be received in cash, or the @amount allowed in exchange for other silver. P LATED CANDLESTICKS, ########### with or without Branches also Tripods, Candelabra, Epergnes with Branches to contain Lights, Tea Urns and Kettles, Table Dishes and Covers, Corner Dishes und Warmers, Soup and Sauce Tureens c.-JOHN COWIE having been unremittingly en- gaged in the sale of ###################### the space of twenty-six years, fearlessly proclaims Sheffield as the only town celebrated for the manufacture of the best description of Plated Ware.-JOHN COWIE, Silversmith and Plater, 11, Holles-street, Cavendish-square. S ILVER PLATE.-Now published, and will be sent post free #########################  PAMPHLET of T. COX SAVORY'S prices of SILVER SPOONS and FORKS, with drawings of the patterns Tea and Coffee Services, with design@ Presentation Plate, Silver-edged Plated Ware, the new plated on white metal Spoons and Forks, Ladies' and Gentlemen's Gold and Silver Watches, Clocks, Jewellery, Cutlery, La@dies' Gold Neck- chains, with drawings of the new patterns. The ground floor, first, second, and third floors are fitted up for the exhibition of an exten- give Stock.-T. Cox Savory, goldsmith, 47, Cornhill seven doors from Gracechurch-stre@et , London. F ################################################## Coltsfoot has long been distinguished for its excellent properties in the cure of Coughs and other Pulme- nary Complaints and this Essence has, in the course of a long practice, been found the most safe and effectual remedy for Coughs, and all Disorders of the Lungs. It gently opens the breast, and im- mediately gives liberty of breathing, without any danger of taking cold, and thus it affords great relief in Asthmatic Complaints. It allays the tickling which provokes frequent coughing, cleanses the small glands, relaxes the fibres, and thereby enlarges the cavities of the vessels.-Thus it will prevent Consumptions, it  before the lungs are ulcerated. It softens husky and dry Coughs, and heals rawness and soreness of the chest.-This Pectoral Essence is prepared and sold by F. Newbery and Sons, 43, St. Paul's Churchyard, in bottles at 2s, 9d. and 3s. 6d. each J. Sanger, 150, Oxford-street and in most country towns.-Observe the name F. Newbery, 45, St. Paul's, is engraved in the Stamp. D R. JAMES'S FEVER POWDER and PILLS. -@Mr. James thinks it necessary to remind the public that Messrs. Newbery, the late Agents of his grandfather, his father, and himself, are vending articles, of their own composition, under the name of Dr. James's-that he has ceased all connection with them, and appointed, as his Agent, Mr. Thomas Butler, Chemist, 4, Cheap- side@ corner of St. Paul's, London of whom, and of most respectable Chemists and Druggists, the public may procure the genuine Powder and Pills, authenticated by his Mr. R. G. G. James's signature in the label,-without which the Medicines, although sold under his name, cannot be of his preparing. Dr. JAMES'S FEVER POWDER is administered with equal success in Fever, Inflammatory Diseases, Measles, Pleurisy, Sore Throats, Rheumatism, @c@., and in Colds, Catarrhs, and particularly influenza it is found to check their pro- gress and shorten their duration. Packets 2s. 9d. and Bottles 24s.-Dr. JAMES'S ANALEPTIC @PILLS are well known as an excellent Alterative in Chronic Diseases of the Stomach and Bowels, Rheuma- tism, Gout, Indigestion, @@c. Boxes 4s. 6d. and 24s.-Sold by Thomas Butler, as above also, in Ireland, by @Dr. Butler, 54, Lower Sackville- street, Dublin in Scotland, by Davenport and Stedman, 20, Water- loo-place, Edinburgh the Apothecaries' Company, Glasgow, @@c. ################################################################# and suitable for the waistcoat pocket, are offered, price £6 6s. each. They have the latest improvements, are jewelled in six holes, have gold balances, maintaining power, three-quarter plate movements, enamel dials they are sold with a written guarantee and description, and are recommended as being superior to any before offered to the public at that price. A large ################################################################## of the firm of Arnold @an Dent , 82, Strand, three doors from the cornet of Cecil-street. W ATCHES by WEBSTER and SON, Chrono- meter and Watch Manufacturers, at prices th@at will com- mand public patronage, and if of equal quality lower than any house in London.-COMPENSATED DUPLEX WATCHES, upon ####################################################################################################################### of their chronometers, to which Government a ######### years in succession. The compensated duplex in appearance, is not equalled in regularity by any watch, nor sur- passed by the pocket #################### may be had of the smallest dimensions. Webster's newly-introduced Centre Seconds for the me- dical profession, elegant and novel in appearance also their Patent detached Lever, and small Flat Horizontal for ladies, all equally reduced in price, and warranted. Old watches taken in exchange. A selection of fine second-hand repeating, duplex, lever, and hori- zontal watches, by the most eminent makers, a little above half the original cost, ########################################################### to new, warranted. Post ################ to.-Webster and Son, chronometer makers to the Lords of the Admiralty, established 130 years, 3, Birchin-lane, Corn- hill, London. A RCHITECTS, BUILDERS, c., are respect- fully invited to an inspection of the largest STOCK of superior DRAWING-ROOM STOVES, including the Gothic, Grecian, and Elizabethan Orders, Fenders and Fire Irons on suite, adapted for the simple Cottage, or the magnificent Mansion. Also i@mproved and substantial KITCHEN RANGES, with or without Steam Apparatus, Smoke Jacks, @@c.-EVANS'S STOVE GRATE MANUFACTORY established in 1813 , 33, King William-street, London-bridge. ####################################### 4 vols. 8vo., handsomely bound, price 30s. or in 26 parts, price 1s. each , embellished with upwards of Twenty-four Portraits, Views, @@c., B@OURRIENNE'S celebrated MEMOIRS of the EMPEROR NAPOLEON. To which are now first added, a History of the Hundred Days, of the Battle of Waterloo, of Napoleon's Exile and Death at St. Helena.@@@ Whoever wishes to know, not merely the General or the Em- peror, but what the man really was, will find him well pictured in these Memoirs by the Private Secretary of Napoleon. -Times. Richard Bentley, New Burlington-street. To be had also of all booksellers. This day is published, price 1s. 6d., A N OUTLINE of the PRINCIPAL DISEASES@@@@ of the EAR and their PROPER TREAT@MENT. With @Dia- grams and Cases. By JAMES YEARSLEY, M.R.C.S., and Surgeon to the Institution for Curing Diseases of the Ear, 32, Sackville-street, Piccadilly. Nisbet and Co., Berners-street Churchill, Princes-street, Soho sold also at the Institute for its benefit. A BOOK FOR THE DRAWING ROOM TABLE. Just published in one vol., 8vo., price 7s. 6d., in embossed cloth, with an illustrated title page, J@EST AND EARNEST. With the anecdotes, tales, and descriptions interspersed the volume is a pleasant one, which does honour to a literary debutant.@ -Literary Gazette. Nothing tedious, something that is instructive, and much that amusing. -Times. A very agreeable contribution to @be light reading of the day. -Morning Chronicle. A sort of hilarious table-talk that we can take up and put down as we list. -Court Journal. The different papers are wittily and well written. -Age. London Hugh Cunningham, St. Martin's-place, ######################################################### a New Edition, revised, with 65 Plates, Weedcuts, and Maps, 8vo., price 18s., @@J OURNEY through ARABIA PETRAEA to MOUNT SINAI, and the Excavated City of Petra-the Edom of @@@@@@@the Prophecies. By M. LEON DE LABORDE. John Murray, Albe@marle-street. COMPANION TO MRS. MARKHAM'S HISTORIES. This day is published, 2 vols. 12mo., 13s., half ######################################################## on NATURE and ART, for the Information and Amusement of Young Persons. By a LADY. John Murray, Albemarle-street. Now ready, a New Edition, with Seventy-three Plates. 8vo. 15s., T THE ART of FRENCH COOKERY. By M. CAREME, sometime Ch@èf of the Kitchen to his Majesty George IV. Translated by WILLIAM HALL, Cook to T. P. Wil- liams, Esq., and Conductor of the Parliamentary Dinner@ of the Right Hon. Lord Viscount Canterbury. G.C.@@B. John Murray, Albemarle-street. Now ready, a Sixth Edition, revised, with 250 Illustrations, 3 vols. ############# P RINCIPLES of GEOLOGY or, the Modern Changes of the Earth and its Inhabitants considered as Illus- trative of Geology. By CH@ARLES LYELL, Esq., F.R.S. John Murray, Albemarle-street. THE FOLLOWING NEW WORKS WILL BE PUBLISHED NEXT MONTH. 1. A HISTORY of INDIA. By the Hon. MOUNT- STEWART ELPHINSTONE. Comprising t@he Hindoo and M@ahomedan Periods. 2 ###### 8vo. 2. The RELIGION, AGRICULTURE, @@c., of t@he ANCIENT EGYP- TIANS. By Sir Gar@@duer Wilkinson. 2 vols. 8vo. 3. A SECOND EXCURSION in ASIA @MINOR. By C@harles F@ellows, Esq. Imperial 8vo. 4. MOORCROFT and TREBECK'S TRAVELS in PESHAWAR, CA- BOOL, and BOKHARA. 2 ######### 5. LIEUTENANT WOOD'S JOURNEY to t@he SOURCE of ####################################### of GARDEN- ING. By Mrs. LOUDON. In Monthly Numbers, royal 8vo., with coloured Plates. The First Number is now published, price Eighteenpence. London published by William Smith, 113, Pleet-street. Edin- burgh Fraser and Crawford. Dublin Curry and Co. Just published, No. I., price 1s., T HE SUBURBAN ###################### By J.C. LOUDON, F.L.S., H.S., @@c. To be completed in Twelve Octavo Numbers. London published for the Author, by William Smith, 113, ############### Just published, T HE WESTMINSTER REVIEW, No. 68, for ############# H. Hooper, 13, Pall-mall East. This day is published, price 6s., THE FOREIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW,@@ No. LII. CONTENTS -1. Memoirs of Varnhazen von Ense. 2. Songs of t@he Ukraine. 3. Copyright in Italy. 4. Engraving-Ancient and Modern. @5. Fiedler's Journey through Greece. 6. Prince Puckler Muskau-The South-Eastern Picture Gallery. 7. Liberia in Africa. 8. Boeckh-Archives of the Athenian Navy. 9. The Syrian Question-France and England. 10. Music Abroad and at Home. 11. Miscellaneous Literary Notices. 12. List of New Publications on the Continent, c. London Black and Armstrong, 8, ################################# T HE MONTHLY CHRONICLE for ################### 1. French and English Alliance-2. Letters from the Continent Padua, Venice, Milan. Verona, Papal Politics, Paint- ing, Sculpture, Music-3. Unpublished Scenes from the Tragedy of Cosmo de Medici -4. The First Love, by Mrs. C. C. Clarke-3. Visit to the House of Commons, by a Country Gentleman-@6, Cha- racteristics of the Old #################### of Spani@sh ########################## ###################### XIII. Javier Mina-9. Broken Sunlight through a Wood-10. The Times of the Conquest-11.@Illus- trations of Dartmoor No. I. The High-Tor Ricks. London Longman, Orme, and Co. Price One Shilling. T AIT'S EDINBURGH MAGAZINE for @JA- NUARY the commencement of a volume , contains France and England The Palmerston Policy-Man and his Missus vorsus Woman and her Master.-New Novels Miss Martineau's, The Hour and the Man Mr. Quillinan's, The Conspirators. @c@.-Memoirs of Jeremy Bentham, by Dr. Bowring, Part VIII., Re@minis- cences of ###### Lord Shelburne's , its Inmates and Visitors-Bio- graphical Sketch of Beethoven, from recent sources-Violet Hamilton, or the Talented Family, Chap.XV. and XVI.-Looking in and Looking out by a Templar the Clubs of the Wen Trading Politicians -Poetry-Literary Register-Political Register. William Tait, Edinburgh Simpkin, Marshall, and Co., London. ####################################### of the JAPANESE, Described from recent Dutch Visitors. Post 8vo. 7. MARTYRS of SCIENCE or, the Lives of Galileo, Tycho Brahe, and Kepler. By Sir David Brewster. 12mo. 8. BISHOP HEBER'S POETICAL WORKS. First Complete Edition. Fcap. 8vo. John Murray, Albemarle-street. NEW NOVEL, EDITED BY THEODORE HOOK, ESQ. Now ready at all the libraries. in 3 vols. pos@t 8vo., with numerous Illustrations by Phiz, P@ETER P@R@I@G@G@I@N@S, THE COLLEGE SCOUT. Edited by THEODORE HOOK, Esq. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street. THE NEW NAVAL NOVEL. Now ready at all the libraries, in 3 vols., THE NAVAL SURGEON. By the Author of Cavendish, The Flying Dutchman, @@c. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.@@ THE CONCLUDING VOLUME OF SIR E. L. BULWER'S WORKS, containing DEVEREUX, Illustrated uniformly with @@@preceding volumes, price 6s. bound, IS NOW READY. Orders received by all booksellers. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street. Second Edition, now ready, in 3 vols. post 8vo., LOV@E AND WAR or, THE ROMANCE of MILITARY LIFE. @By Captain QUILLINAN. ############## Man without a Name-Scene, France. The Sisters of the Doura-Scene, Portugal. The Moor of Andalusia-Scene, Spain. The Royalist-Scene, Switzer- land. The Rangers of Connaught-Scene, Ireland. Henry Colburn, publisher, 13, Great Marlborough@-@@street. Just published, in 3 vols. post 8vo., T@H@E PLAYFAIR PAPERS, or, BROTHER JONATHAN. Playfair we take to be but a nom@me de guerre, under which the real Pare makes his campaign. He has a free and bold pen, with a strong taste for the ludicrous. He cannot be reproached with an ill- natured tendency to stricture, and his flagellation may be taken as a wholesome, if not very delicate corrective, at the other side of the Atlantic. -Morning Herald. Saunders and Otley. publishers, Conduit-street. Just published, vol. 1, price 13s., N EW MEDICINE a Manual of Homeopathic Medicine. Translated from the third edition of Jahr, by J. CHAURIE, M.D., with a Preface by P. CURIE, M.D. 2 vols. post 8vo., cloth boards.boards. London H. Bailliere, publisher and foreign bookseller,219, Regent- street Thomas Hurst, 5, St. Paul's Churchyard. Now ready, price 5s. bound in cloth, R ELIGION and her NAME, a Metrical Tract with Notes. By JOHN SEARCH, Author of Consider@ations on the Law of Libel, as relating to Publications on the subject of Religion. Who 'John Search' is we know not but the above pamphlet, published under that name, is well deserving of attention, as an ex- ceedingly acute and cogent piece of reasoning on an important branch of the Law of Libel. -Edin. Rev., No. 118, Article 6. James Ridgway, Piccadilly, and all booksellers, Under the Patronage of the Duchess of Sutherland, and dedicated, by permission of her Grace, to the Most Noble the Marquess of ######### HOLIDAY BOOK. By WM. MARTIN. Being the Educator and a Treasury of Knowledge, adapted for Children of all ages, and embracing every variety of Information. One thick volume, handsomely bound, 600 pages, 200 wood-cuts and 6 copper-plate engravings, price 6s. The best children's book we have ever seen.@ -Morning Herald. Sherwood and Co. and all ########################## published, price ############### POOR JACK. ' Poor Jack' is just completed, and a most amusing fellow he is, and a most amusing set of companions he brings with him. The book, while it is interesting, is hearty, and of a healthy stamp the characters are sketched off easily and boldly. Captain Marryat has been very fortunate in his illustrator, Mr. Stanfield the nume- rous designs and very numerous they are are executed with great truth. -Time@@@@s. London Longman, Orme, and Co. M'CULLOCH'S GEOGRAPHICAL DICTIONARY, VOL. I. This day is published, price 40s., the first volume of A DICTIONARY, GEOGRAPHICAL, ############# and HISTORICAL, of the various Countries, Places, and principal Natural Objects in the World. Illustrated with Maps, By J. R. M'CULLOCH, Esq. To be completed in another vo@lume. Lately published. a New Edition, corrected to 1840, of Mr. ########################################## @Longman, Orme, and Co. @@Price 2s. 6d. O N a NEW OPERATION for lateral CURVA- TURE of the SPINE, with remarks on the class of cases to which it is available as a means of ultimate cure. By FREDERIC C. SKEY, F.R.S., Assistant-Surgeen to St. Bartholomew's-hospital, and Lecturer on Surgery. Messrs. Longman and Co. NEW WORK ON CHINA. Just publish@ed, in 8vo., price 6s., boards. A REVIEW of the MANAGEMENT of OUR AFFAIRS in CHINA since the opening of the Trade in 1834 with An Analysis of the Government Despatches from the Assump- tion of office by Captain Elliot, on the 14th December, 1836, to 22d March, 1839. @@This work is of a higher and more elaborate character than many that have preceded it it gives a complete examination of our inter. course with China, a just, vigorous, and impartial, investigation of the casus belli, and a sound guide to the formation of a comprehen- sive opinion on what has been done, and is now doing. -Atlas. This is an excellent work, and we recommend it to our readors for their attentive perusal. -City Chronicle. Smith, Elder and Co., 6@5, Cornhill. T HE FREEMASONS' QUARTERLY RE- VIEW, No. XXVIII., forming the completion of the MASONIC ANNUAL for 1840, is now published. CONTENTS Important Editorial Announcement-Masonic Bio- graphy of Dr. Oliver, with a Portrait-Evidences, Doctrines, and Traditions-Masonic Didactics-Dispersion of Primitive Nations-The Doomed One and the Executioner-Se@miramis-The Sailor and his Sister-Collectanea-@Letters to the Editor-@Interesting Pro- ceedings of the Grand Lodge-The Board of General Pur@poses, @@c.-Provincial and Foreign Reports-Freemasonry in India-Poetry-Chit Chat, Obituary, @@c. Price 3s. Sherwood and Co., Paternoster-row. ECCLESIASTIC@A@L MAPS. In the New Number for January, 1841. which commences the 19th Volume of T HE BRITISH MAGAZINE, is given a Ma@@@@p of the Diocese of Canterbury, being the first of a series of Ecclesiastical Maps which will appear in that work, commencing with Dioceses of England, and adapted at once to their Past History and Present State. The plan of the British Magazine combines the several provinces of a Magazine, a Review, and an Historical Register. T. Clerc Smith, British Magazine Office, 13. Henrietts-street. Strand. N EWTON'S LONDON JOURNAL, No.CVIII. -Third Series, illustrated with Three Plates, will be pub- lished on the 1st January, 1841, and will contain the following speci- fications -Melling's for Locomotive Steam-engines-Lord Willoughby D'Eresby's for Compressing Peat-Davis and Kinder's for Dressing Cloth-Pace's Clock-Douglas's Furnace, two patents-@Douglas's Motive Power-Gardner's Turnip-cutter-Smith's Solar Lamp-Brunton's Excavating Apparatus-@Ledsam and Jones's Pin and Needle Machinery-Welch's Looms-Quaintin's Improvements in Carriages-A full report of Proceedings in the Rolls' Court in the im- por@tan@t case of Wordsworth v. Sharp, being the first trial under Lord Brougham's new act, from the Short-hand Writer's Notes-Transac- tions of the Society of Civil Engineers-Lists of English and Scotch Patents, @@c. @@c.-Published monthly, price 2s. 6d., by W. Newton, at the office for patents, 66, Chancery-lane, London, and Town Hall-building@. Manchester by Sherwood and Co., and by Simpkin and Marshall, Paternoster-row. To-morrow, January 2, price @6d. stamped, the First Number of T HE GARDENER'S CHRONICLE, a Weekly Newspaper of Rural Economy and General News. The Horti- cultural part edited by PROFESSOR LINDLEY.-A detailed Pro- spectus is contained in the first number, which may be ordered of al newsmen. SALES BY AUCTION. Modern Furniture. M R. CAFE will SELL by AUCTION, at his Rooms, Great Marlborough-street. THIS DAY, January 1, and following day,at Eleven, MODERN FURNITURE comprising suits of window curtains in crimson and green merino damask. couches, chairs, and sofas on suite, rosewood loo, card, and occa- sional tables, consoles and glasses, Spanish mahogany dining table and chairs, clocks, lamps, carpets, a handsome four-post bedstead and furniture, bedding, chests of drawers, and the usual appendages of the bedchamber, a carved oak library bookcase, a set of dining tables, and a pier cabinet, a brilliant toned @6½-octave grand piano- forte by Erard, a patent piccalo ditto by Broadwoods also a smal@l Cellar of Wine, plate, plated articles, linen, china, glass, books, a travelling chariot, two phaetons, and numerous other valuable items. -May be viewed and catalogues had at the Rooms. Treherne's Bankruptcy, Oxford-street. M R. CAFE respectfully informs the Public ############# from ######################################### early in January next, the valuable LEASEHOLD PRE- MISSES, situate No. 39, Oxford-street together with the extensive and well manufactured STOCK of FURNITURE, unless an accept- able offer is previously made.-48, Great Marlborough-street, Decem- ber 24. 1840. The Furniture of No. 6, Eagle-terrace, City-read, and other Effects, without reservation.-By Messrs. BULLOCK, at 211, High Holborn. TO-MORROW@, at Eleven for Twelve, T WO nearly new SQUARE PIANO-FORTES, with @metallic plates, a Cabinet, Cottage, and a ################### rosewood lounges, chairs, card, contral, and occasional tables, mantle and ####################### carpets, glazed bookcases, ma- hogany dining tables, chairs, and sofas, recumbent chair@ in leather, capital chamber appendages including a winged wardrobe, drawers. f@our-post and French bedsteads, goose feather beds, toilet tables. ſonders and fire-irons, druggets, floor-cloths, a pair of globes, doubles ########### gun, iron chest, dinner and tea services of china, coppers, and other kitchen items. Also a large Working Model of a High, pressure Steam-engine.-Now on view. By Messrs. BULLOCK, on the Pre@mises, No. 14. Great Ormond street, Queen-square, on Tuesday, the 12th instant, by direction the Proprietrix, who is leaving town, A LL the Genuine HOUSEHOLD FURNI- TURE, linen, glass, china, cabinet piano-forte by Broad- wood in rosewood case, two large chimney glasses in rich gilt frames, a rosewood drawing room suite, Brussels carpets, mahogany pedestal sideboard and dining room fittings, 8-day hall clock, stair carpets, four-post a@nd tent bedsteads, hangings, excellent goose beds and bedding, good chamber and dressing room articles, window curtains, dinner service, and kitchen and domestic requisites in great abun- dance.-To be viewed on the day previous when catalogues may be had there, and of Messrs. Bullock. Holborn. Greek-street.-To Families Furnishing.-The entire Furniture and Fittings of a large dwelling-house in the country, new fro@m an up- holsterer within eighteen months re@moved on the expiration of the lease. M ############################## b@y AUCTION, at the Great Room, 14, Greek-street, TO-MOR- ROW, Jan. 2, at Twelve, the EFFECTS comprising eleven four-post, tent, and French bedsteads, with hangings, mattresses, beds, and blankets, drawers, mahogany wash and dressing tables, with glasses for same number of rooms, a carpet @15 yards long, glasses, suites of curtains, two sets of sixteen chairs, set of dining tables, china, glass, a@nd kitchen requisites.-On view, and catalogues had the office, 13, Greek-street, and 54, Pall-mall. Valuable Building Materials of St. Bartholomew's Church, near the Bank, and Two adjoining Houses. ################################################################## casements, a ground glass altar window, with stained glass borders, about 15 tons of lead on roofs, pavements, brick foundations, and arched vaults also the Materials of the Corner House, in the occupa- tion of Mrs. Boughay and t@he premises lately occupied by Mr. Williams, with mahogany sash glazed with plate glass, situate in Threadneedle-street.-May be viewed three days preceding, and@ morning of sale and catalogues had of Toplis a@nd Son, No. @16, St- Paul's Church-yard. ####################################### for the Year 1841 -This is a mode of affixing the Calendar for the whole year on two revolving cylinders, within an elegant case, so as to exhibit each day's information in a bold and novel manner present- ing @daily memoranda, indispensable to every housekeeper and man of business. It possesses the advantage of a date box and almanac, and is adapted for the library, board-room, counting-house, ware- house, or parlour and is the best application of the calendar ever yet devised. In mahogany Box, price 5s. @6d. Published at 138, Aldersgate-street, London. Sold, wholesale, by Hodgkinson and Co., stationers, Skinner-street retail, by Burrup@ Lombard-street Harrison, Cornhill and all stationers in the kingdom. Just published, T HE RAILWAY CALENDAR for 1841, illus- trated with an elaborate and splendidly executed Map of the Railways of England and Wales, with their immediate vicinity, on a new and original plan, containing more information than was ever yet conveyed in so small a space. The CALENDAR contains Lord Seymour's Act for the Regulation of Railways, verbatim, and a com- pendium of Raft way Information, which embraces, amongst a great variety of useful and interesting matter, the names of the Chairman, Deputy-Chairman, Engineers, and Secretaries of every Railway in the Kingdom, Transfer Agents, Bankers, and much exclusive infor- mation beside@s answering every purpose of a general Almanack. Price 1s. @6d. In case for the pocket, 4s. mounted on canvas and rollers, 5s. In neat frame, 5s. @6d.-Published at 122, Fleet-street Groembridge, Panyer-alley Tyas, Paternoster-row Bell, Fleet- street and sold by all booksellers and newsmen. Just published, in royal 18mo.@cloth, price 3s., and by post, free, 3s. @6d. M ANHOOD the CAUSES of its PREMA-@@@ TURE DECLINE, with plain direction, for its PERFECT RE- STORATION addressed to those suffering from the destructive effects of excessive indulgence, solitary habits, or infection followed by ob- servations on the treatment of Syphilis, Gonorrh@ea, Gleet, @c@. illustrated with cases, @@c. By J. L. CURTIS and CO., Consultine Surgeons, London. Published by the Authors, and sold by Bailliere 819, Regent-street Ollivier, 59, Pall-mall Strange, 21, Paternoster- row Pattie, 4, Brydges-street, Strand Machen, Dublin Duncan Edinburgh and by all booksellers. Messrs. Curtis and Co. are to be daily consulted at their residence, 7, Frith-street, Soho, from 10 till 3 and @5 till 8 in the evening and country patients can be successfully treated, on minutely describing their cases, and enclosing the #### fee of £1 for ######################## from ############################################# Just #################################################################### other Plates, T @HE LIFE of Admiral Viscount EXMOUTH, Drawn up from official and other authentic Documents sup- plied by his Family and Friends. By EDWARD@@OSLER, Esq. This Memoir has been undertaken with the sanction of Lord Ex- mouth's elder and only surviving Brother and on points of service, officers who were prominently engaged have given every assistance and the whole has been completed by a reference to documents in the publish offices. @Here is a valuable addition to our naval biography a book not to be read by Englishmen without pride of heart. The name of Ex- mouth occupies an honourable place beside those of Nelson and Col- lingwood his services were hardly less numerous or brilliant than their@. -Athenaeum. This is a valuable memoir of as an officer whom this country will ever acknowledge as one of its most brilliant heroes. We have had to notice many valuable historical memoirs, but on no occasion have we had more pleasure than in the examination of the one before us. -Naval and Military Gazette. This is the most admirably-written and interesting naval memoir which has appeared since the Life of Nelson. It is a book which no blue-jacket ought to be without. -United Service Gazette. A book full of interesting anecdotes of a noble specimen of Eng- lish character. ###################### Elder, and Co., Cornhill. POPULAR FRENCH SCHOOL BOOKS. Just published, 12mo., ########## L ECONS et MODELES de POESIE FRAN- CAISE or, Choice Selections from the best French Poets, ar- ranged in chronological order, with a Treatise on French Versifi- ################################# Choice Selections in Prose from the best French Authors. 2d edition 12@mo., @6s. @6d. bound. The above works contain numerous Annotations on History, Geo- graphy, Litera@ture. and Grammar. A ############################################# 3d edition, 12mo., @5s. 6d. bound. KEY to ############ in the above GRAMMAR. 12mo., 3s. The above are by C. J. Delille, Professor of the French Language in Christ's Hospital, the City of London Schools, and French Ex- aminer in the Faculty of Arts of the University of London. Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane. #################################################### January 4, and following day by order of the Administrator of the late Mar- quise de Willford , at ################################# EASE, Diamonds, modern Furniture, Plate, Lace, Books, Wines, Brandy, @@c., viz.-The lease of the dwell- in@g, 58, Margaret-street, hold under the Duke of Portland, at a low rent. The jewels comprise a pair of beautiful ear-rings, set in bril- liants a ditto, large buckle ditto finger rings, gold eases, @@c. The excellent furniture is suitable to modern houses, and consists of capital four-post and other bedsteads, chamber furniture, @@c. rose- wood and mahogany suites of tables, chairs, sideboard, couches, chim- ney glasses, carpets, fenders, rugs, @@@c, for the drawing and dining parlour. The wines comprise Port, Sherry, Claret, Champagne also Pale Brandy, Noyeau, Curacoa, @@c. All removed for convenience of sale to Mr. Deacon's Rooms, 2, Berners-street, Oxford-street and on view Saturday, January 2, and mornings of sale. C@heapside.-The King's Head Inn and Premises, a safe Investment clear Rent £238 per annum. S OUTHEY and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Monday next, January 4, at Twelve, by order of the Directors of the Commercial Inland Carrying and Steam Navigation Company, a valuable LEASEHOLD ESTATE@ the KING'S HEAD inn, tavern, and public-house, ########################## Old Change, Cheapside, comprising a warehouse of two floors, stabling for twenty-two horses, counting-house, cellaring, lofts, waggon and eart lodges, spacious yard, and capital residence. The premises are ex- tensive, and replete with suitable conveniences for the business. Let on lease, and producing a clear income of £238 per annum.-@May be viewed with the tenant's permission, and particulars had on the pre- mises at Garraway's and of Southey and Son, 191, ############################################################ EDITION. In two thick vols. bound, together or separately, T ####################### from the earliest period to the close of the Rebellion 1745-46, contained in Tales of a Grandfather. By Sir WALTER SCOTT, Bart. Robert Cadell, Edinburgh Whittaker and Co., London. Of whom may be had, 1. LIFE of ################# By Mr. Lockhart. 10 vols. ## ################ 48 vols. 3. Sir ###################### 12 vols. 4. ############### 28 vols. Just published, price 5s., by Longman and Co., a New Edition of M R. PATERSON CLARK'S TREATISE on@@@@@ the TEETH. Affords a clear and analytical examination of the cause and pro- cess of decay, with excellent observations on the best means of pre- serving the teeth whole and free from pain. As an Essay on Dental Malady we possess no work of equal merit. -Atlas. The most useful book of the kind. -Times. The result of large experience. -Examiner. To be had of all booksellers and of the Author, Sackville-street. Just published, price 1s@@@., L A BEAUME'S NEW TREATISE on GAL-VANISM. A short account of Galvanism, and its efficacy in the cure of Indigestion, Liver Complaints, Asthma, Dropsv, Palsy, Rheumatism, Deafness, @@c. By M. LA BEAUME, Medical Galvanist and Electrician to the Queen, F.L.S., ###################### Fleet-street or may be had of the Author, No. 11, Argyle-street, Regent-street, where he daily receives patients. T ############################ XI. -Just published, price 3s. @6d., continued Quarterly.-Con- tents Unedited Autonomous and Imperial Greek Coins-Medals of the Pretender-Unpublished ###################################### on the Roettiers-New Method@ of Obtaining Representations of Coins-@Miscellanea-Proceedings of the Numismatic Society.-London Taylor @and Walton, 28, UpperTooley-street. Hertfordshire.-@Tewin-water Mansion, between Welwyn and Hert- ford, Herts.-Important Sale of valuable Household Furniture and Effects.-By Mr. JACKSON, on the Premises, on Tuesday, Jan. 5, and Three following Days, and on Tuesday, Jan, 12, and following@ Days, at Eleven for Twelve precisely, by direction of the Executors, of the late Henry Cowper, Esq., C OMPRISING four-post, French, elliptic, sofa,a, and other bedsteads, with rich chintz, damask, moreen, and dimity hangings, folding palliases, excellent hair and wool mai- tresses, seasoned goose feather beds, Witney blankets, Marseilles quilts, counterpanes, excellent wardrobes, chests of drawers, wash- hand stands, dressing tables, night commodes, cheval and tray swing glasses, chamber chairs and carpets, shower bath, @@c. The drawing rooms are fitted up with solid rosewood chairs, elegant cheffoneers and bookcases, console tables, brilliant plate chimney and pier glasses, measuring 74 by 50, 90 by 50, 50 by 33, and @50 by 30, silk tabaret window curtains with rich draperies, rosewood loo, sofa, and occa- sional tables of the first quality and workmanship, sofas, couches- and ottomans, fire screens, Woburn chairs, handsome Brussels carpets and rugs, fenders and fire irons, French clocks, beautiful alabaster and marble ornaments and vases, a r@emarkably fine-toned sostenence, which plays the piano-forte and organ, fine toned rose- wood piano-forte, music stools, Canterburies, and portfolio stand. The dining room furniture comprises 16 well-made mahogany chairs with morocco seats, set of mahogany dining tables, opening @15 feet by 5 feet 3 inches, with shifting flaps, on stout carved legs, side table@. Ax@minster carpet and rug, lounging chairs, coffee tables, rich window curtains, pier glass, 72 by 50, mahogany sideboard. two pedestal side tables, a valuable library of about 3,000 volumes of books, including Doomsday Book, Journals of the Lords and Commons, 132 vols., Encyclypaedia Britannica, 20, Sessions Papers, 121, English Poets, 21, the works of Sir William Jones, Bishop Porteus. Sir James Stewart. Bishop Hurd, Dr. Johnson, Burk@e Burns, Dryden, Universal History, Delphin Classics, @151 ############### Essayists, Bell's British Theatre, 2@5, Read's Shakspeare, Statutes at Large, East's Reports, @@c. @@c. Extensive sideboard of plate and plated articles, cellar of fine old wine about 250 dozen, consisting of claret, port, madeira, sherry, sauterne, champagne, malmsey about 100 bottles of fine old rum. eighty years old, elegant dinner, dessert, tea, and breakfast china, rich cut glass, earthenware, kitchen and cu- linary articles, mangle, twelve cucumber and melon frames and lights, twenty-five hand lights, garden engine, fifty garden seats, ber- rows, tools, nine handsome vases, thirty-six dahlia stands, iron roll, ladders, thirty-six framed iron arches, capital yellow-bodied chariot, lined with fine drab cloth, with travelling trunks, lamps, c., in ex- cellent preservation, green-bodied phaeton, invalid chair, nearly new, carriage harness, saddles and bridles, @@c. Live and dead farming stock comprises six cart and nag horses, five fine framed cows@@, eighty-nine fat sheep, 3, 4, 5. and 6 years old, iron-armed waggon@@ three loading carts, two mould ditto, two 3-wheel carts, dray ploughs, harrows, roll, scarifler, cart and plough harness, twenty-six coal sacks, five stacks of prime meadow hay, forks, rake@s, a boat, and nu- merous valuable effects.-May be viewed on the Saturdayand Monday preceding the sale, with catalogues only, which may be had, 1s. each, at the principal Innsat Welwyn, Barnet, Hatfield, St, Al@ban's, Hitchie. Baldock, Wadesmill, Ware, Hoddesdon, and Waltham-cross Auction. Mart, London place of sale and of Mr. Jackson, auctioneer a@nd estate agent, Hertford. ARRANGEMENT OF SALE, Tuesday, Jan. 5.-Part of the bed room furniture, upper drawing room, ante-room, grand sostenente, by Mott and Co., playing piano- forte and organ, library furniture, hall, glass, and butler's pantry. Wednesday, Jan@ 6.-Part of the bedroom furniture, dining room, ante room, servant's hall, washhouse, @@c. Thursday, Jan. 7.-Remainder of the bedroom furniture, billiard room, including billiard table, drawing room, morning room, house- keeper's room, store room, larder, and dairy. Friday, Jan. 8.-Kitchen, scullery, plate, and wine. Tuesday, Jan. 12.-Books. Wednesday, Jan. 13.-Books, paintings, prints, china, and miscel- laneous property. Thursday, Jan. 14.-Live and dead farming stock, implements, hay, carriages, harness, garden lights and tools. #################