[OCR_toInput] THE BIRMINGHAM DAILY POST, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1857. 1 fatest ffetos. LA.TEST foreign despatches. From our own Correspondent . LONDON, Thursday Evening. FRANCE. Pams, December 24.-Tlie journals have been filled with the Message of the President Buchanan, but they make scarcely any original remarks upon it. The Minister of War has just granted 30,000 unlimited furloughs in the army 27,000 in the infantry 15,000 in the cavalry 400 in the artillery the rest in the engineers, the waggon-train, ko. The dearth of political news is greater than ever. BELGIUM. Brussels, December 24.-The admitting foreign coal free of duty expires on the 1st of January, and the Minister of Finance, being interrogated in the Chamber of Repre gentatives respecting the intentions of the Government, replied that the question was under his consideration, but that he was not able at present to indicate the course that would be taken. ITALY. ' Naples, December 16.-The process of Sapri is con eluded, but the judgment will not be promulgated for month to come. There were 128 accused a number of them have been condemned to death, but one only will be executed. The King will either pardon or commute the sentences upon others. The Opinion of Turin states that while reductions are taking place in the Austrian army, the military contingent of Lombardy for the ensuing year is rather larger than before. The substance of the above paragraph is quoted in yesterday's Moniteur. PRUSSIA. Berlin, Deoember 23.-The Prussian Moniteur publishes the royal deoree which convokes the Chambers for January 12. There will be no chance at present n the power-neither regency, co-regency, nor abdication, but simple continuation of the powers already conferred on the Prince of Prussia. The Princes Frederick Charles and Adelbert of Prussia will go to London to be present at the marriage of Prince Frederick William to the Princess Royal. The princely bride and bridegroom will arrive at Cologne February 4, and at Potsdam on the 6th. Their Royal Highnesses will make their solemn entry into the Prussian capital on the 8th of February. RUSSIA. St. Petersburg, December 17th.-The St. Petersburg Gazette has lately been publishing a series of articles upon The Mission of Russia, in reply to some of the English journals, which had acoused that power of a design to assume an aggressive attitude in Asia. It sums up its arguments as follows -Just as the mission of civilising Southern Asia belongs to England, so that of civilising Northern Asia belongs to Russia. Siberia is a slumbering giant, whose strength will not be manifest until he awakes. Throughout the southern frontier of Siberia, the Ural Mountains, and as far as the Pacific Ocean, we require roads to enable us to trade with Southern Asia. The exchange of the products of the north with the riches of the south, and that animation which flows from trade and manufactures, will give life, move ment, and a greater population to the north. This is no castle in the air, no plan conceived with any selfish object it is but a demand for the normal development of civilisa tion itself. To attempt to stay that development would, indeed, be to form an aggressive power in Asia, and any such aggression would end in the destruction of the power attempting it, and not in that of Russia. Russia will no more be vanquished by England on this ground than she was in the last European war. GERMANY. Frankfort, Deoember 21.-The Germanic Diet has adjourned its sittings until after the 1st of the coming year. THE QUESTIONS D'ORIENT. A Berlin letter in the Cologne Gazette, says The Commission of the States of the banks of the Danube has -completed the draft of its convention, and Austria is endeavouring to obtain a ratification of it from the other States, in order that it may be presented to the Congress of Paris as an affair definitely settled. But the convention contains clauses too much to the advantage of the States on its banks, and as soon as France learned that it was intended to get it ratified, she raised the objection that it must first be approved of by the Congress of Paris. Count de Buol replied by a note, dated the 7th, in which it is stated that the States were only bound to communi cate the convention to the Congress, but did not stand in need of its approbation. France, however, maintains the contrary affirmation, and has sent a ciroular despatch on the subject, drawn up with particular care, to the French diplomatic agents at the Courts of all the Powers who signed the treaty of March 30. Paris, December 23.-The question touching the Russian ports in the Black Sea was in course of arrangement, when it has befcome complicated by the measures of the Gover nor-General of the Crimea, who has reestablished military servitude in tho Khersoneso on the same footing as it existed before the war. To ensure the enforcement of this system in all its strictness, the authorities prohibited disembarkation in certain specified ports, and if vessels were driven in by stress of weather, they were not suffered to remain more than twenty-four hours, and only that concession was permitted on condition that none of the crew were suffered to land, and that Russian soldiers were stationed on board the ship while in port. Such is tho open manner in which Russia proceeds to shut up the Black Sea. Kamiesoli has been rased to the ground, and merchants are prohibited from establishing themselves there. A despatch from St. Petersburg, dated Tuesday, Decem ber 22, announces that 3,000 Circassians, commanded by thirteen of Schamyl's lieutenants, were completely put to the route on the 13th of November. All the district of Slatavia has been evacuated, and the habitations burnt. The Russian troops had gone into winter quarters. THE EARTHQUAKE AT NAPLES. The Patrie of to-day quotes from the Journal of the Two Sicilies the official organ, the following acoount of the earthquake Two violent shocks took place at Naples during the night from the 17th to the 18th. The first took place at ten minutes past one a.m. It lasted from four to five seconds. It was followed almost immediately after by a second shock, which lasted twenty-five seconds. It was so strong that both the clocks at the Royal Observatory were stopped. Two other shocks also took place between three and five in the morning but they lasted only a few seconds, and were hardly peroeptible. Despatches from Caserta, Nola, Aversa, Poxzuoli, Salerno, and Avallina, state that the shocks were also felt there. In the Principato Citerioore, at Eboli and Campagna, the first two commotions were the most violent, but no loss of life has to be deplored. At Paria, likewise, there was not a single casualty but at Castellamare two men, belonging to the lower classes, were injured. Despatches received at Naples on the 18th state that telegraphic communication has been interrupted between Eboli and Sala. At the latter place three persons were killed. The prison, the barracks, and other buildings suffered. At Atena half the houses crumbled to the ground. At Padula one hundred houses fell. Number of killed not known at Polla the disasters were immense, and the victims many, par ticularly among the gendarmerie. At Petrosa, Auletta, and Carreggiano, houses fell and crushed their inmates. At Salerno the public buildings were damaged. Two churches, the Governor's residence, and the gendarmerie barraoks were greatly injured. A steeple fell in one of the suburbs-two women were crushed beneath the ruins. At Campagna the town suffered no loss of life is reported. In conclusion, the official journal says that the King has given orders to leave nothing undone to relieve the sufferers. The State forests are to be used to build huts with.-Globe. PORTUGAL. Lisbon, December 19.-The fever still continues to abate now much cooler 8 that there exists a the Mit the disease may gradually subside before THE INDIAN MAILS VIA MARSEILLES. It is not expected that the mails, with the details of the intelligence respecting the six days' hard fighting for the final capture of Lucknow, will reach London before Tuesday or Wednesday next. The Pekin, with the Bombay mail, arrived at Suez on the 19th inst., and her Majesty's fast despatch boat Coquette brought from Alexander to Malta the telegram only which appeared in our columns yester day. The Bombay mail may therefore await at Alexandria the arrival of the Calcutta and China mails, and will then, with them, be conveyed to Marseilles per Peninsular and Oriental steam-ship Vectis. IRREGULARITY OF AUSTRALIAN MAILS. The European, Australian and Royal West Indian Mail Company offered their new steam ship Australasia for the conveyance of troops to India, and the offer was accepted but whether the vessel has been chartered by the Admiralty or the East India Company does not appear. The mail service between Australia and Suez is interrupted through the want of reserve steamers, yet the Admiralty allow the Australasia to be taken up for troop service to India, which will prevent her from reaching Sydney before April next, and, as the Simla is withdrawn from the line, and the other three vessels, Emeu. European, and Columbian, are in a very defective state, the public may expect for the next six months a continu ance of the irregularities attending the arrivals of Austra lian mails. The necessity of having a fortnightly mail to our gold colonies is daily becoming more apparent, and for that object we entertain no doubt that the Government will adopt the Panama route, which has undisputed advan tage over the Ceylon route. For the large sum of money granted for the present contract the results obtained are extremely unsatisfactory, and an enquiry ought to be insti tuted by the House of Commons into the entire mail packet service, with a view to economy and improvement, HUNTING APPOINTMENTS. ,Masters of Hounds will oblige by forwarding notice of the Fixtures to this Office as early as possible. NORTH WARWICKSHIRE HOUNDS.- At a quarter to Eleven. Saturday Dec. 26 Boot Inn Hnnilv owa iav bo irmcethorpe. Wednesday - 30 Henley-in-Arden. Friday Jan. 1 Claverdon. THE WARWICKSHIRE HOUNDS.-At a quarter to Eleven. Saturday Dec. 26 Red Hill. Monday - 28 Hampton Lucy. Tuesday - 29 Weston House. Thursday - 31 Shuckburgh. Friday Jan. 1Preference 101 North Eastern-Berwick 95 Ditto Leeds 511 Ditto York 83 North Staffordshire 3 South Eastern 69 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Great Western of Canada 191 Ditto New i Grand Trunk of Canada 11 FOREIGN FUNDS. Mexican 19 Russian Five per Cent 106 Ditto Four-and-a-half per Cent 96 Turkish 101 Ditto New 951 Consols began at Wednesday's closing prices, and leave off good at opening quotation. The effect expected to follow a reduction of the rate of discount had evidently been anticipated, for no change took place. Railways show little variation, closing at opening figures. All Indian descriptions in demand. Foreign stocks firm. Birmingham Shark Market, Yesterday.-Business done Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Stour Valley, at 8 Great Western Stour Valley Guaranteed, at CO Birmingham Guaranteed, at 68 South Staffordshire, at 9 and Birmingham Canal, at 89. There was a fair amount of business done, and prices generally closed Ann on the news of money being cheaper in London. The Stock Exchange will be closed on Saturday next. Commercial an ptwtag-From ouroum Correspondents. London Stock Exchange, Thursday Evening, The Directors of the Bank of England have this afternoon reduced the rate of discount from 10 per cent, to 8 per cent. They have thus Mowed the general movement of the Money Market, as the rate they have now fixed had already prevailed for some days out of doors, and was yesterday uniformly recognised by the London Joint-stock Banks. The unprecedented rate of 10 per cent, has existed for forty-five days, from November 9th to De cember 24th, a period which will long be memorable in the ann.la 0 f commerce. In less than a fortnight the dividends on public stocks will become payable, which has always the effect of temporarily reducing to a considerable extent the reserve of coin and notes but the directors of the Bank feel their position so strong that not only do they see in this no obstacle to reduction, but are prepared to meet it after having dis pensed with the over-issue of two millions. They are again strictly under the restraints of the Bank Charter, and their present movement shows that there is not the slightest fear that it will be requisite to pass beyond its limits. Pressure and panic may ensue in the future, but it will be at some distant day, when the lessons of the present are for gotten. The balance-sheet which was laid on the table of the Bank parlour this morning will not be before the public until to-morro.w night, but during the week which it com prises specie from America, Russia, Turkey, and other quarters, has been flowing into the Bank, and the quan tities received have been about the following amounts -Thursday, December 17 Friday, Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, 18 132,000 19 120,000 21 85,000 22 210,000 23 240,000 19J 108 98 101 Corn fparktfj, £t. Bibminghah Cobn Mabket, Thursday, December 24.-During the present week the transactions have been to a fair extent, considering the holiday time, but at no improvement in the value of any article of the trade. At Wolverhampton, yesterday, no advance could be obtained on any description of wheat. At this day's there was a short supply of wheat, which sold readily at the currency of this day se'nnlght. Barley again rather lower, with an Increased demand. Oats, beans, and peas all firmly held for former prices. Prices of grain Wheat, English white, 8s. 8d. to 7s. 2d. new, 6s. 6d. to 7s. ditto red, 6s. to 6s. 9d. new, 6s. to 6s. 8d. per bushel of 621bs. barley, 34s. to 38s. per quarter grinding, 25s. to 31s. per 8121bs. oats, English, white, 24s. 6d. to SSs. per quarter Irish, white. 26s. to 27s. per 3121bs. j beans, English, old, 17s. 6d. to 18s. 6d. per 1961bs. peas, boiling, 46s. to 50s. per quarter grinding, 16s. 6d. to 17s. 6d. per 1961bs. flour, English, fine, 39s. to 40s. seconds, 34s. to 35s. per sack of 2801be. Kidderminsteb Cobn Mabket, Yesterday. -Though there was a good attendance and fair supply of wheat, no great amount of business was done. Farmers were backward in selling at the present price. No advance was given, last week's rates remaining firm. Wheat, red, from 18s. to 19s. white, 19s. to 20s. beans, new, 16s. 6d. barley, 4s. 3d. to 4s. 6d. Newabk Cobn Mabket, Wednesday. December 23rd.-We had a small attendance and a short supply at market to-day a small business doing at about the prices of last week for all kinds of grain. Wakefield Cobn Mabket, Y'esterday.-We have a broken market to-day. Wheat sells slowly at last Friday's prices. £851,000 The amount is not quite as large as the gold received in the preceding week ending December 9th, but the return of sovereigns from Ireland and from the country banks has protaV.i r h a ,. _ lmgn acaic. The resources of the Bank are, however, strengthened from two causes-one as above mentioned, and the other consists in the inactivity of the demand for money. Capitalists and business men generally feel disposed to remain quiet for a time, and this state of comparative torpor will be more conducive to the restoration of healthy enterprise than any premature attempt to hasten a revival. The commercial statistics of the Board of Trade for November have been issued to-day. The apprehension of commercial danger had already made itself felt during the month of October, when the increase in the value of exports, which in July was £2,233,306. in excess of the same month in 1856, fell to an increase of only £318,838., compared with October, 1856. But in November there is no mistaking the influence of the commercial crisis, as the following comparison will show -Total Exports fob the Month of November. 1856 £10,272,075 1857 8,285,815 Decrease £1,986,260 The decrease of exports to the United States is a very striking item in the tables -Exports to United States for Month of November. 1856 £1,056,297 1857 462,753 Decrease £593,544 In the above account are included twenty-one of the prin cipal articles of British manufacture, but if all had been enumerated the contrast between the two periods would have been still more striking. Mr. Cobb, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, estimated the decline of imports in the Union at 25 per cent, during the next few months but here we begin by diminished shipments to the extent of 60 per cent. If this restraint can be maintained for two or three months longer, the return of an active and pros perous trade with the States will come round all the more quickly. The following are the most important variations during the month in the exports to the United States during November, 1856 and 1857 Earthenware has fallen off from £57,000. to £20,000. value. Haberdashery from £105,000. to £17,000. Cutlery and hardware from £139,000. to £61,000. Linens from £251,000. to £47,000. Pig iron from £16,400. to £4,700. Bar iron from £102,000. to £62,000. Wrought iron from £56,000. to £29.000. Steel from £51,000. to £14,700. Sheet iron and nails from £13,000. to £33. Lead from £5,000. to £35. Tin plates from £102,000. to £9,000. Woollen cloths from £53,000. to £11,000. Other woollen goods from £137,000. to £26,000. Cotton goods from £482,000. to £129,000. Tho oourae of trade to Australia is not substantially so satisfactory as that with America, although the latter ex hibits a large deoline of exports. The latest accounts from Melbourne show that the import market was not by any means in a favourable state, yet notwithstanding this has for some time been the tenour of the advices, shippers here, even during the November season of panic, were sending in supplies to the Australian market on as large a scale as ever. It is doubtful if there is not on the aggre gate a considerable inorease in the exports to that market. The following itoms were undoubtedly larger in November than in the same month last year Cotton goods, earthen ware, hardware and cutlery, wrought iron, lead, silk goods, British spirits, and woollens. The alleviation in the Bank rate had for several days been regarded as inevitable, and its influence was there fore already discounted when the announcement was made to-day. The Funds were consequently scarcely affected. Consols opened with firmness at 93 to j, con tinued steady during the day, and closed at about 93 sel lers. The Railway Share Market has been inactive to-day, and prices without any alteration worth mentioning. In Satterthwaite's Weekly Circular it is stated that the market for American securities in London has been steady during the week. Illinois Central Shares have declined to 15 discount, but the bonds are firmly held at previous prices. Michigan Central Bonds continue in much request, at a further advance. There have been moderate transac tions in New York Central and Pennsylvania Central, at former rates. Fine barley maintains its prices. Other sorts dull sale. shplHnjr, no l o bulletin published by the Board cmcs of fe ™ aspect and yield more allowed on every side to be the chief cauae nf H,! ! and continuance of the disease, are said • 8 l re lamentable oondition. No map of them is i n '•'l™ 08 Some of them have bulged and broken into others • J ° e ' made without cement, and the ground around theni U thoroughly saturated with the liquid impurities constantly passing through them. Several medical men of high stand ing are of opinion that the disease will lie almost dormant daring the winter, but that it will break out with renewed violence in the ooming spring, and commit greater ravages than it has done this year. prices, Beans, oats, and Metropolitan Cattle Market, Yesterday. - This market was held yesterday instead of to-day, Friday, but it may bo described quite a holiday-market, both as regards supply and demand. The butchers have a large stock on hand, and are too engaged to attend here. This state of the trade was expected, and consequently the consignments are very small. A few purchasers are found for some choice beasts at fully late rates, but in other departments there is literally nothing doing. Birmingham Cattle Market, Yesterday.-For the season there was quite an average supply of stock of all kinds at market this day. As far as regards the att Few I 5 attendance of buyers, it was quite a holiday market. Few things changed hands those that found purchasers were sold at lower rates. The mutton trade particularly dull. There were at market 94 horses, 5 asses, 345 beasts, 21 calves, 598 sheep, and 949 pigs. The prices realised were Beef, 5d. to 6 d. per lb. wether mutton, 6 £ to 7d.perlb. ewe ditto, 5 d. to 6d. per lb. veal, Gd. to 6 d. per lb. bacon pigs, 7s. 9d. to 8s. 9p. per score porkets, 7s. Gd. to 8s. per score. Birmingham Wholesale Fruit and Vegetable, Egos, Buttjbr, Game, and Poultry Markets, Thursday December 24th.-Fruit a good supply, at last week's prices, with the exception of Blenheim apples, which are Is. per pot dearer. Potatoes, a fair supply, at last week's prices business much better. Game and poultry an unusual good supply, at the following prices Pheasants, Gs. to 8s. per brace partridges, 3s. to 3s. Gd. per brace grouse, 4s. to 5s. 6d. per brace hares, 4s. to 4s. Gd. each rabbits, Is. 6d. to 2s. id. a couple Turkeys, 4s. to 12s. each chickens, 3s. to 6s. a couple ducks, 4s. to 6s. a couple geese, 5s. to 10s. each. Eggs, eight for Is. butter. Is. id. per lb. Leadrnhall Leather Market, Tuesday, December 22nd.-The supply of fresh leather was moderate to-day a very umited amount of business was transacted at about late rates. Market hides in good supply, with a dull demand. Prices a down ward tendency. ay° L Tv ERHAMPT0N Hide, Skin, and Fat Market, Wed-® m ber 23rd.-Hides 941bs. and upwards, 4 d. per lb. to 7 il£ 4 d ,! ■ 16- 741bs. to 8Slb 4 8. per lb. 641bs. wider 651b - t 631bs..3§ i. per lb. 541bs and Kw i and Sd - 10 H d - W buU , 2 d. per lb. Horn. lb - kipp, 3d Ib.-IBba. to 16lbe ° nd upwards, 5Jd. per lb. lb fii w 4 r , 1 i b - , 9lb - nibs., 8d. pirlb. llxht, Ry Electric Telegraph. London Produce Mabket, Yesterday.-Sugar Sales of West India 416 hogsheads, making 1,906 for the week, with an advance of Is. to Is. Gd. Refined active at 56s. Gd. to 62s. wet lumps, 51s. to 53s.-Tea stiff. Low to good common Congou, Is. to Is. d.-Coffee wanted at previous rates. Few sellers.-Rice Several transactions at a small advance. - Saltpetre Firmer demand rather better. -Tallow quiet. Prices less firm. On 'Change Tallow, 52s. 9 7. to 54s. on the spot 52s. 6d. to 53s. all year and 53s. March delivery. Linseed oil, 28s. 3d. to 28s. Gd. Scotch pig iron, 50s. Sales of rice and sugar continue at former rates. The colonial produce markets will be closed till the 5th of January. Upwards of £100,000. in gold was taken into the Bank of England to-day. Silver more in demand at 5s. ljjd. The Commercial Daily List says the effect of the reduc tion of the Bank rate has been a fall of Is. per cent. in other quarters bills of first-rate character are done at 7 f., and other acceptances average from 7 d. to lOd. Thft BjmLrovc. Lavp a?von ciiac one.v will receive money on call at 5per cent., and on deposit at 6 per cent. Consols advanced after regular hours, and left off 93 5-16 to 7-16. Indian share.' still firmer. Railways better. Foreign exchanges unusually lower bills will not be generally in demand until some of the heavy Indian silk and other prompts are over. JftBMBTONE said that if they went ® chairman was loss, the parties working would suffer. re j by said that in June, 1853, a balance .sheet wa p .p j Mr. Kettle, and the firm was insolvent at that time, exc sive of the private estate of Mr. Moms, sen. commencement of 1854 the drawings out of M . ' sen., had been £477. 11 . 3d., exclusive of the rents and the coal money. Mr. Thomas Morns, un, drawn out £5,940., and Mr. Bailey £1,0-1., ® a total of £7,438. In 1852, Mr. Moms, sen., receiveo a sum of money amounting to £3,000., which was placea to his account at the bank, and had been appropriatea uy him but Mr. Kettle explained that a portion of this naa gone back to the firm this was confirmed bv Mr. Bailey.-The Chairman said that between 1842 and 1803 the books showed that the profits had amounted to £9,7 d v and the drawings out by the firm in the same pen £K1 £13,000. at that the firm owed the bank BS.WA-Mr. Firmstone said that he observed that one of the blast furnaces was still in, though he was quite certain that there had been a loss upon every ton of iron made dunug the past month of £1. per ton, it having been sold at 70s. per ton.-Mr. Bailey, one of the partners, explained that the furnace had been kept in for the purpose of con suming the coal, for which the demand had greatly decreased of late.-Mr. Robinson said that he looked upon this as the most 'gross case he ever had to deal with. He saw no alternative but bankruptcy if ever there was a case where commercial integrity, was to be vindicateu this was the one there ought to be a thorough investigation. Mr. Paul Moore believed that in two years the estate would realise 10s. in the pound.-The CHAIRMAN Will you guarantee it ?-Mr. Moore declined to do so, and admitted that he had made a rough estimate but he thought the estate might go on under trustees.-Mr. James Y ou 11 get no guarantees I am quite sure of that.-The discussion proceeded for some time without any definite resolve being arrived at the Chairman thought that bank ruptcy was the only course open, so did _ some other creditors six to two held up their hands in favour of this course, but there were more than thirty creditors in the room, so that no formal resolution was proposed. Some of the creditors suggested that the three partners should clear off for eighteen months at least, and that the mines should be worked under inspection.-Mr. Mobris, jun., said that he would leave himself in the hands of the creditors.-Mr. Robinson said that he would consent to no proposal that did not contemplate sending Mr. 'ITiomas Morris adrift.-JHr. Monaio . Other parties have had as much as I have.- Mr. James Mr. Morris, I don't believe that's true.-Mr. Morris Mr. Bailey has been carrying on two or three trades, and has had as much as I have.-Mr. James That's not true, and I won't allow you to say it Mr. Morris made me tell an untruth before I took his word that he only expended £700. a-year, and that was untrue I won't permit him to make these assertions the extravagance of Mr. Thomas Morris is well known to every body.-After this personal altercation between attorney and client, the discussion on the main question went on.-Mr. Robinson said he wished it to be distinctly understood that the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Bank, being small creditors, would defer to the larger ones.-Various propositions were made, but none assented to.-Mr. James ? roposed working under inspection, with the certainty of s. Gd. in the pound.-The Chairman said that he would not consent to any arrangement to release the creditors, as long as there was a shilling to be got the full 20s. in the pound, if it can be obtained.-Mr. JAMES Oh, that's hor rible it's eternal slavery I neverwillrecommend myclients to that I shall go for this, 10s. in the pound, guaranteed by inspection, and the mines being there. I'll have that cursed furnace blown out. Roars of laughter -At tliispoint the meeting expressed an opinion that the furnace should be blown out.-Sir. Bailey said, if the furnace is blown out we shall not be able to sell the coal. -Mr. Morris said that they had lost 10s. per ton by making pig-iron at the present time they had orders in for hammers and an vils, which were profitable.-Mr. Moohe proposed a reso lution that the firm go on under inspection for two years, paying a composition of 10s. in the pound this was nega tived.-The Chairman complained that nothing particular had been submitted to the meeting a division was again taken on the question of bankruptcy five held up their hands for and five against it but many gentlemen did not vote. -Mr. James Well, the estate is in the Bankruptcy Court unless you accept my proposition. 10s. in the pound in three years.-Mr. ROBINSON Let us know what Mr. James means.-The Chairman We had better have a resolution of bankruptcy, and a messenger go in at once. -Mr. James That's dust and ashes, gentlemen. Laughter. -Finally, the following resolution was carried It is the opinion of this meeting that the estate of Thomas Morris and Sons should be wound up in bankruptcy and that application be made to the Court for a messenger to be put in possession forthwith. -Mr. James said he held himself bound by the resolution, and would apply for the messenger himself. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. A meeting of Messrs. Motteram and Deeley's creditors was held yesterday, Mr. Churchill in the chair. The liabilities, according to the statement prepared by Mr. Percivall, were declared to be £59,562., assets £19,990. -The Chairman stated that in November, 1855, the firm stopped and showed a surplus of £12,596. so that in addition to this, there was a loss in two years of £40,000. he was assured, however, by Mr. Percivall, that the surplus two years since was a fallacy.-Mr. Robinson said that at all events it was a pretty com mentary on allowing insolvent estates to go on.-Mr. Firmstone said that the valuation of assets had shown a further depreciation, and he was afraid the assets would not realise more than twelve or thirteen thousand pounds. -The Chairman said the affair was in a very bad plight and as soon as the present orders were disposed of, tho sooner the estate was wound up the better, realising as much as possible at the least possible expense.-Mr. Perctvall, the accountant, said the books had been well kept, and that Mr. Deeley had drawn out £800. in two years, and Mr. Motteram £900.-The Chairman said that£3,900.had been paid for discounts in this estate in two years another creditor remarked that there had been several cross bills.-A resolution was passed by which the estate is to be wound up under the private arrangement clauses of the Bank BILSTON. r.iKOTTiKn -Whilst Edwin Grimier, hair dresser, residing at triif isY wed returning home from Bilston about nine o clock on HalifteldS' tnui returning™ two men near the u?gage of he Great'westem Railway Station, and there ga-dspartment of th real He sustained great personal rotted and roM d of a suver and mT e brought up fOTexemption m-morrow! Their nam are Jonathan Armstrong t P4 f HRi MA75o n i AY Most of the shop-keepers, in order to orf X ?U for'ffie Y ir assistants, wili allow tfcir shop, to rernaln closed p j pu TBY dic.-Yesterday the show of meat i' K _ suu'nosed to be equal in all respects to that of last and poidtry was v dious we may just notice that the dispUy 7 ear if, very fine at Mr. Maurice's, Mr Warren's, Mr. HoUffipwo ®- and at 'Mr. Satterthwaite's establishments. WALSALL. - Board of GUARDIANS.-The ordinary Minrao or • Board prevented this week by Friday s meeting considered advisable that the Christmas fMling on that day H was ron of urgent oppllcltion , Board should semb Only three or four applicants for assistance by tne unempioyeu. made their Th? hZt Tto settles offerj for stone-breaking, or go int te collector for the foreign, by Mr. Griffin, the afni reference to the matter between huu were accepted. Mr. Eylana, . Friday week it would be most and the Clerk, witnesses should attend. Twelve convenient for the Board that ois w u had i nvit ed o'clock wasbepraentat the investiga-thechairman. The meeting shortly afterwards adjourned. beef a Quantity of bacon, half a green cheese, two bottles of British wines, five pounds of butter Pound nd f a - b f t °L t0 C0 ' ' rabbit, and other property, to the value of about £2. 10s. BROWNHILLS. .. . , Magisterial.-At the Petty Sessions here, on the 22nd instant, Thomas Sedgwick, a notorious poacher, was charged before t. Harrison and J. Bealey, Esqrs., by Inspector Price, with stealing thirteen geese and twenty-five fowls from the premises of Mr. John Timmins farmer, Aston, on the night of the 17th inst. Sedgwick, who at one time resided in Walsall, has been for some time the leader of a gang of determined poftchers e w aire ted by iVIin Price early in the morning after the robbery, as he his own house with his booty. In his possession were found jemmv and a heavy spike. Although he has been styled a poacher, Sedgwiok does not seem ever to have had very clear notions as to what in strictness ought to be considered game. In one instance he gets committed for stealing a quantity of ham then he is caught with fifteen brace of partridges another time Inspector Price collars himjwith sixty-two geese, ducks, and barn-dcor fowls in his possession and he has been in gaol for smashing a fellow, m short, who is ready for anything, from pitch and toss to man slaughter. On this occasion he was fully committed on the charge of felony.-Joseph Bradley Smith, publican, Aldridge, and David Pettey, beerhouse-keeper, Ryecroft Hill, were fined, the former in £1. and expenses, the latter in £3. and expenses, for breaches of license and Edward Mathews and Thomas Cook, puddlers, charged with stealing a couple of fowls, the property of Joseph Bennett, Great Barr, were let off on payment of the worth of the fowls and the expenses of the prosecution, on the plea that they had taken them away in a drunken spree. WILLENHALL. Neglect of Service.-At the Police Court, yesterday, before the Rev. G. H. Fisher and R. D. Gough, Esq., Edwin Jones, who two years ago left his master's employ, Mr. Silvester Read, lock smith, was charged, on a remand, with neglect of work. Mr. Clay don, barrister, appeared on behalf of the complainant, and Mr. Shipman for the defendant. He was committed for three months, with hard labour.-Frederick Bloore, for absenting him self from his master's service, was committed for one month. Fowl Stealing.-Yesterday morning, some impudent thieves stole from the hen-pen of Mr. Thomas Harper, of Willenhall, nine teen fowls, thirteen hens, six cocks, two ducks, and a drake. At present the depredators are at large. Christmas Show of Beef.-The annual supply of Christmas meat was made yesterday, and if anything it surpassed that of last year. The leading butchers seemed to vie with each other, par ticularly so on the part of Mr. Smith, Mr. Walter, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Baker. Thair supply was plentiful, and of a superior character. The supply of poultry exhibited by Mr. Satterthwaite and Mr. Mason was very fine, and of great variety. WEST BROMWICH. The Inquest on the Body of Mr. Collins.-We have already given the full facts of this melancholy case. An inquest was commenced on the body of Collins on Saturday last, at the Spon Lane Tavern, Mr. S. Underhill's, before G. H. Hinchliffe, Esq., and that was adjourned until Wednesday last. We note in this state of things, that after hearing the evidence of Mr. Davies, surgeon, who under the Coroner's precept had made a post-mortem. examination of the body of Mr. Collins, the Jury, under Mr. Hinchliffe's direction, returned a verdict that death had ensued from disease of the heart. It is unfortunately clear that deceased, formerly in very good circumstances, has for some years given him self up to habits of intemperance, and at the adjourned inquest, from the testimony of a little girl, named Sarah Howley, it was shown that Mr. Collins was at the Cross Guns, in Oldbury, so late as eleven o'clock on the night of his melancholy death, and was then very much intoxicated. This case has excited much painful interest in West Bromwich, the more so from the fact that the widow of deceased, left with five children, is herself not a sober woman. STOURBRIDGE. Amblecote Training School.-The annual examination of the pupils of the above school took place on Wednesday, in the Corn Exchange, Stourbridge, and a highly respectable and numer ous gathering of the inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood testified to the interest taken in the ceremony. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. W. Grier, Incumbent of Amblecote, and addresses were delivered by the Chairman, the Rev. H. Chester, Independent, and others. The boys, of whom there were about seventy, varying from seven years to eighteen years of age, were examined in the following branches Scripture and French, by Mr. Philip Marks, the principal of the establishment the theory and practice of vocal music, by Mr. J. Bourne, musical professor In English history, English grammar, and Latin, by Mr. J. E. Marks, Head Master of the Hackney School, near London in geography, by Mr. W. England, of Wollaston and in the drill and sword exercises, by their drill master, Mr. H. Bird, late band and drill sergeant of the Fourth Light Dragoons. The clever way ruptcy Act the inspectors to realise on the property as soon as possible and in the event of disputes between the old and new creditors, the opinion of counsel to be taken. -The Dudley and West Bromwich Bank have power to appoint an inspector. The Toll End Works are mortgaged for £25,000., on which other creditors have security. gistrid etos. DUDLEY. Two Women Found Dead in Bed.-Some sensation was pro duced in Wolverhampton Street yesterday, by two women named Collonen Duffy, aged about fifty years, and Catherine Duffy, aged about twenty, being found dead in their bed. They were the wife and daughter of a man named Luke Duffy, a shoemaker, who lives in a small house in Wolverhampton Street, and opposite the end of Chapel Street. The wife had been slightly indisposed for about a fortnight, having suffered from a cold. She however was almost as well as usual at eleven o'clock on Wednesday night when she went to bed. The daughter, a healthy robust young woman, who had never had a day's illness in her life, retired at about twelve. The deceased slept together in a back bed room, and they were irsons sleeping in the room. the only per r males slept in the adjoining apai fourteen, got up at six o'clock on Thursday morning, and as usual other r The father and three or four .rtment. The son, a lad about slept in the adjoining a t up at six o'clock on T went into the back room to arouse his sister. He found, however. that both were perfectly siill and apparently lifeless, and aroused th bodies were cold and stiff, and his father, who discovered that both 1 had evidently been dead for some time. Their countenances were ADJOURNED MEETING OF MESSRS. MORRIS'S CREDITORS. The adjourned meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Thomas Morris and Son was held yesterday at Dee's Hotel, Mr. George Skey in the chair. An estimated valuation of the mining properties was read by Mr. Bradley, the valuation having been made by that gentleman and Mr. Lloyd, Lloyd, Foster, and Co. In this estimate it appeared that a sum of £12,246. might be realised by letting the mines for working for eighteen months, at the expiration of which time it was estimated that two of the pits would be worked out against this there would be charges amounting to £4,500., leaving something like £7,700. for division amongst the creditors. At the end of the time named tho mines and machinery might be sold, and the creditors get what they could.-Mr. George Robinson asked whether the bank would assent to that arrangement they were the mortgagees, and nothing could be done without their con sent.-Mr. James said he did not represent the bank, but he assumed that if the mines were let the bank would take all. If the mines were worked for the benefit of tho estate an arrangement with the bank might pos sibly be entered into. The question was what profit would be beyond the royalty the difference was be tween working and letting on royalty.-The Chairman said that in the estimate of expenses they had allowed £1,500. a year for depreciation on their property.-Mr. Robinson said that it would be a waste of time to discuss the question uutil they knew what the mortgagees would do.-The Chairman said that he thought there would be no difficulty about an arrangement with the bank.-Mr. perfectly composed, but very pale, and the bed clothes were not at all ruffled. An alarm was made, and Dr. David Johnson was sent for, but that gentleman could of course do nothing. An inquest will be held on Saturday. OLDBURY. Committal for Burglary.-On Wednesday, before Edward Chance, Esq., a man named Ralph Pilling, about forty years of age, a navvy, of Old Hill, was charged with breaking into the house of Joseph Collins, a labourer, residing near the Whimsey Bridge, in Hales Owen Street, and stealing therefrom one tame rabbit, valued 2s. Gd. The house was broken into at twelve o'clock on Tuesday night by the latch being forced. The rabbit was running about the house, and was afterwards missed. The wife and eight children were in bed at the time, and heard a noise below, but were too much frightened to come down. The husband was out. When the noise ceased the wife came down, and gave an alarm. Some of the neighbours went in pursuit of the robber, and overtook the pri soner half a mile from the ho He was then nd they too V him back tn tho wnen the acwuaeu, producing the labnit out of nno his pockets, allowed it to slide down his leg to the ground, and it then ran away, but was afterwards caught. Police-constable Bradshaw being on duty near the place, was sent for, and took the prisoner into custody. The prisoner, who knew what he was about told the officer he had been looking for lodgings that he had not seen any b- rabbit, and that if he had he would have killed it He added, Now I've got lodgings for the night. He was a totai stranger to the people of the honse. It was said the prisoner had recently been at work at the Water Works, Lichfield, and was in Oldbury looking after work. He was committed for trial at the next W orcester Assizes. Coal-pit Explosion.-Last evening, the 24th inst., an inquest was held at the Malt Shovel public house, Oldbury, by R. Docker, Esq-, on the body of John Ciasey, aged about forty-five, who died on the 22nd inst.', from injuries he received on the 3rt, while at work at a stone-pit at the Lyttelton Hall Colliery, belonging to Mr. Dawes, in the parish of West Bromwich. The deceased was at work with other men, and while the latter were at dinner, he went with a naked candle into a part of the mine where he had been at work, and shortly afterwards the men, by a sudden gust of wind, became aware that an explosion had taken place. On proceeding to the spot, they found Casey lying in the road very much burnt. He was taken up the pit and carried home, but died in about a fortnight from the effect of the burns. It was said that very little sulphur had accumulated and that the explosion was right in the current of air. But the witnesses stated that the ventilation was sufficient, and it was supposed that the sulphur accumulated near a sudden slip of the mine. This being a stone-pit, the Government Inspector was not present. The Jury returned a verdict of Accidental death. BRIERLEY HILL. Curious Charge of Stealing a Jacket.-Charles Osland, a miner, was charged yesterday, before J. Leigh, Esq., with stealing a jacket, the property of a man named William Salter. The men worked at a pit at Kingswinford, and on the 14th the jacket was missed from the hovel. The prisoner told the prosecutor some days before that he should steal the jacket some night, and after it was missed the prisoner was seen wearing it. The prisoner, for whom Mr. Burbury appeared, elected to be tried at the Sessions, and was then committed. The Case of Stealing £40.-The man Thomas Williams, who was charged on Monday, at Wordaley, with stealing £40., the pro perty of Thomas Wiltshire, of Rowley, three years ago, was again charged yesterday, before John Leigh, Esq., but as the additional evidence was not forthcoming, the prisoner was remanded to Wol verhampton, on Wednesday next. in which the boys acquitted themselves in each department was admired, and fully corroborated the remarks of Mr. Grier Chester in reference to the efficiency of the system adopted ' ' of this a greatly admired, and Mr. s school had by their principal. It was stated that the pupils c eight prizes awarded them this year by the Government Depart ment of Science And Art for drawing. The Chairman announced his attention of awarding for the next examination, at Mid summer, two prizes of the value of 10s. Gd. and 5s. respectively, to the boys of the school. The company separated, highly delighted with the way in which they had spent the afternoon. KIDDERMINSTER. Charge of Cutting and Wounding.-At the Borough Police Office, yesterday, Thursday, a currier, named Henry Sheward, was brought before the Mayor, J. Batham, and W. B. Best, Esqrs, on the charge of cutting and wounding Augustus King. Prosecutor was foreman to Messrs. Clarke, curriers, of this town, where the prisoner had been employed up to last Saturday week, when he was discharged, owing to the dull state of the trade. He appeared convinced that the dismissal was the act of the foreman, and ever since he has held out threats towards him. On the previous night the prosecutor met Sheward near to Chapel Street. The prisoner asked if he was to be employed again, and being answered in the negative, he repeated his threat. He walked by the side of King till they arrived at a eark part of the street, when he exclaimed, I'll have six months for youand with these words struck King a violent blow upon the back of the head, which made him reel. While reeling. King received a savage blow on the eye, which felled him. The prisoner repeating his threats, kicked and beat the prosecutor brutally till the cries of the latter brought several persons to the spot, when Sheward made off. To-day, his only regret was that he had not given the prosecutor more. The surgeon, Mr. Hillman, was of opinion that the wounds were not such as would have resulted from blows by the fist, but had been inflicted by some hard instrument. Prisoner was then committed for trial at the next Assizes. TAMWORTH. Charge against a Police Officer.-On Saturday, before Major Bamford and J. Bramall, Esq., George Goodwin, a police-officer belonging to the Warwickshire Constabulary, was charged by a man of the name of Ellis with striking him with his staff and knocking him down, by which his head was severely cut, and he was rendered insensible. It appeared in evidence that there was a tea drinking and dance at a public house in Kingsbury, to cele brate the marriage of one of the farmers in the neighbourhood. Goodwin, the officer charged, passing at the time, went into the inn and staid there he stayed, at the landlord's request, from about eleven o'clock till one o'clock in the morning, when the party broke up.-Sarah Ellis, sister of the complainant, said that she saw Goodwin strike one of the party as they were all leaving, and her brother remarked to the man thus struck, Come away Rafferty, you can make him remember this, when Goodwin turned and gave Ellis the blow which caused the injury complained of, Sub-Inspector Mare cross-examined this witness to ascertain whether any further provocation had been given to Goodwin which might have led him to commit the act, but the witness stated that she was present at the time, and her brother did not strike or speak to the defendant, but only to the man Rafferty. In defence the man Goodwin said that Rafferty was disorderly, and that Ellis took his part, and struck and kicked him Goodwin, several times and Ho called a witness of the name of Isaac Watts, Gut this rimcu said he did uot see the row commence, and could not tell who struck the first blow. He also admitted that he was not sober, and both he and Goodwin were down on the ground. The Magistrates convicted the defendant in a fine of £1. and costs. Serious Charoe of Embezzlement.-On Wednesday, before Major Bamford and J. Bramall, Esq , Abraham Arme, jun., was charged with embezzling various sums of money, the property of Mr. W. Adcock, his employer. Mr. William Adcock stated carry on business as a miller, at Kingsbury, and at the Castle Mill, Tamworth. The prisoner is in my employ. It was his duty to take flour and deliver it to my cus tomers, receive accounts, and pav the'moneys to me. I produce a number of receipts which have been handed to me by one of mr aras who customers, signed by the prisoner for money amounting to upwi of £37., which he has not accounted for. Elizabeth Wiggan, i carries on business as a flour seller, swore to the payment of the ima mentioned on the receipts produced. James Storer, of Wig-ginton, upwards of £25., which the prosecutor proved had not been accounted for. There were other cases not gone into, making the total sum of the prisoner's defalcations to amount to £136. Thomas Groom stated that on Friday last, the prisoner gave him self into his custody for keeping back his master's money. He was committed to take his trial at the Sessions at both Warwick and Stafford, the two cases proved having occurred in the two counties. Case of Stabbing.-On Wednesday, before Samnel Hanson, Esq., Mayor, and E. B. Hamel, Esq., Patrick Devaney, a labourer, from Bilston, was charged by Peter Powis, also a labourer, with stabbing him with a knife. The complainant stated that he and the prisoner, with two other men, were together on Sunday evening last, and were drinking. A slight quarrel arose in the first instance between the prisoner and the other men. The com plainant appears to have given some offence to the prisoner in connection with these men, and the prisoner followed the com plainant into another public-house, and inflicted the wounds referred to. The trousers of the complainant were produced la Court, and were very much cut and very bloody. The Magistrates considering that there was some provocation given by the com plainant, decided to treat the case as an assault, rather than as the more serious charge of cutting and wounding with intent, c., and inflicted a fine of £5., or two months' imprisonment. Hie money not being forthcoming, the prisoner was sent to Warwick. Printed and P ifhedfor the Proprietors by JOHN FREDERICK FEENEY, at his Offices, No. 38, New Street, Birmingham, when
[OCR_aligned] THE BIRMINGHAM DAILY POST, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1857. 1 fatest ffetos. LA.TEST foreign despatches. From our own Correspondent . LONDON, Thursday Evening. FRANCE. Pa@ms, December 24.-Tlie journals have been filled with the Message of the President Buchanan, but they make scarcely any original remarks upon it. The Minister of War has just granted 30,000 unlimited furloughs in the army 27,000 in the infantry 15,000 in the cavalry 400 in the artillery the rest in the engineers, the waggon-train, ko. The dearth of political news is greater than ever. BELGIUM. Brussels, December 24.-The admitting foreign coal free of duty expires on the 1st of January, and the Minister of Finance, being interrogated in the Chamber of Repre@ gentatives respecting the intentions of the Government, replied that the question was under his consideration, but that he was not able at present to indicate the course that would be taken. ITALY. ' Naples, December 16.-The process of Sapri is con@ eluded, but the judgment will not be promulgated for@@ month to come. There were 128 accused a number of them have been condemned to death, but one only will be executed. The King will either pardon or commute the sentences upon others. The Opinion@ of Turin states that while reductions are taking place in the Austrian army, the military contingent of Lombardy for the ensuing year is rather larger than before. The substance of the above paragraph is quoted in yesterday's Moniteur. PRUSSIA. Berlin, Deoember 23.-The Prussian Moniteur publishes the royal deoree which convokes the Chambers for January 12. There will be no chance at present @n the @@@@@@@power-neither regency, co-regency, nor abdication, but@@ simple continuation of the powers already conferred on the Prince of Prussia. The Princes Frederick Charles and Adelbert of Prussia will go to London to be present at the marriage of Prince Frederick William to the Princess Royal. The princely bride and bridegroom will arrive at Cologne February 4, and at Potsdam on the 6th. Their Royal Highnesses will make their solemn entry into the Prussian capital on the 8th of February. RUSSIA. St. Petersburg, December 17th.-The St. Petersburg Gazette has lately been publishing a series of articles upon The Mission of Russia, in reply to some of the English journals, which had acoused that power of a design to assume an aggressive attitude in Asia. It sums up its arguments as follows -@Just as the mission of civilising Southern Asia belongs to England, so that of civilising Northern Asia belongs to Russia. Siberia is a slumbering giant, whose strength will not be manifest until he awakes. Throughout the southern frontier of Siberia, the Ural Mountains, and as far as the Pacific Ocean, we require roads to enable us to trade with Southern Asia. The exchange of the products of the north with the riches of the south, and that animation which flows from trade and manufactures, will give life, move@ ment, and a greater population to the north. This is no castle in the air, no plan conceived with any selfish object it is but a demand for the normal development of civilisa@ tion itself. To attempt to stay that development would, indeed, be to form an aggressive power in Asia, and any such aggression would end in the destruction of the power attempting it, and not in that of Russia. Russia will no more be vanquished by England on this ground than she was in the last European war. GERMANY. Frankfort, Deoember 21.-The Germanic Diet has adjourned its sittings until after the 1st of the coming year. THE QUESTIONS D'ORIENT. A Berlin letter in the Cologne Gazette, says The Commission of the States of the banks of the Danube has -completed the draft of its convention, and Austria is endeavouring to obtain a ratification of it from the other States, in order that it may be presented to the Congress of Paris as an affair definitely settled. But the convention contains clauses too much to the advantage of the States on its banks, and as soon as France learned that it was intended to get it ratified, she raised the objection that it must first be approved of by the Congress of Paris. Count de Buol replied by a note, dated the 7th, in which it is stated that the States were only bound to communi@ cate the convention to the Congress, but did not stand in need of its approbation. France, however, maintains the contrary affirmation, and has sent a ciroular despatch on the subject, drawn up with particular care, to the French diplomatic agents at the Courts of all the Powers who signed the treaty of March 30. Paris, December 23.-The question touching the Russian ports in the Black Sea was in course of arrangement, when it has befcome complicated by the measures of the Gover@ nor-General of the Crimea, who has reestablished military servitude in tho Khersoneso on the same footing as it existed before the war. To ensure the enforcement of this system in all its strictness, the authorities prohibited disembarkation in certain specified ports, and if vessels were driven in by stress of weather, they were not suffered to remain more than twenty-four hours, and only that concession was permitted on condition that none of the crew were suffered to land, and that Russian soldiers were stationed on board the ship while in port. Such is tho open manner in which Russia proceeds to shut up the Black Sea. Kamiesoli has been rased to the ground, and merchants are prohibited from establishing themselves there. A despatch from St. Petersburg, dated Tuesday, Decem@ ber 22, announces that 3,000 Circassians, commanded by thirteen of Schamyl's lieutenants, were completely put to the route on the 13th of November. All the district of Slatavia has been evacuated, and the habitations burnt. The Russian troops had gone into winter quarters. THE EARTHQUAKE AT NAPLES. The Patrie of to-day quotes from the Journal of the Two Sicilies the official organ, the following acoount of the earthquake Two violent shocks took place at Naples during the night from the 17th to the 18th. The first took place at ten minutes past one a.m. It lasted from four to five seconds. It was followed almost immediately after by a second shock, which lasted twenty-five seconds. It was so strong that both the clocks at the Royal Observatory were stopped. Two other shocks also took place between three and five in the morning but they lasted only a few seconds, and were hardly peroeptible. Despatches from Caserta, Nola, Aversa, Poxzuoli, Salerno, and Avallina, state that the shocks were also felt there. In the Principato Citerioore, at Eboli and Campagna, the first two commotions were the most violent, but no loss of life has to be deplored. At Paria, likewise, there was not a single casualty but at Castellamare two men, belonging to the lower classes, were injured. Despatches received at Naples on the 18th state that telegraphic communication has been interrupted between Eboli and Sala. At the latter place three persons were killed. The prison, the barracks, and other buildings suffered. At Atena half the houses crumbled to the ground. At Padula one hundred houses fell. Number of killed not known at Polla the disasters were immense, and the victims many, par@ ticularly among the gendarmerie. At Petrosa, Auletta, and Carreggiano, houses fell and crushed their inmates. At Salerno the public buildings were damaged. Two churches, the Governor's residence, and the gendarmerie barraoks were greatly injured. A steeple fell in one of the suburbs-two women were crushed beneath the ruins. At Campagna the town suffered no loss of life is reported. In conclusion, the official journal says that the King has given orders to leave nothing undone to relieve the sufferers. The State forests are to be used to build huts with.-Globe. PORTUGAL. Lisbon, December 19.-The fever still continues to abate now much cooler@ @8 that there exists a the Mit the disease may gradually subside before THE INDIAN MAILS VIA MARSEILLES. It is not expected that the mails, with the details of the intelligence respecting the six days' hard fighting for the final capture of Lucknow, will reach London before Tuesday or Wednesday next. The Pekin, with the Bombay mail, arrived at Suez on the 19th inst., and her Majesty's fast despatch boat Coquette brought from Alexander to Malta the telegram only which appeared in our columns yester@ day. The Bombay mail may therefore await at Alexandria the arrival of the Calcutta and China mails, and will then, with them, be conveyed to Marseilles per Peninsular and Oriental steam-ship Vectis. IRREGULARITY OF AUSTRALIAN MAILS. The European, Australian and Royal West Indian Mail Company offered their new steam ship Australasia for the conveyance of troops to India, and the offer was accepted but whether the vessel has been chartered by the Admiralty or the East India Company does not appear. The mail service between Australia and Suez is interrupted through the want of reserve steamers, yet the Admiralty allow the Australasia to be taken up for troop service to India, which will prevent her from reaching Sydney before April next, and, as the Simla is withdrawn from the line, and the other three vessels, Emeu. European, and Columbian, are in a very defective state, the public may expect for the next six months a continu@ ance of the irregularities attending the arrivals of Austra@ lian mails. The necessity of having a fortnightly mail to our gold colonies is daily becoming more apparent, and for that object we entertain no doubt that the Government will adopt the Panama route, which has undisputed advan@ tage over the Ceylon route. For the large sum of money granted for the present contract the results obtained are extremely unsatisfactory, and an enquiry ought to be insti@ tuted by the House of Commons into the entire mail packet service, with a view to economy and improvement, HUNTING APPOINTMENTS. ,Masters of Hounds will oblige by forwarding notice of the Fixtures to this Office as early as possible. NORTH WARWICKSHIRE HOUNDS.- At a quarter to Eleven. Saturday Dec. 26 Boot Inn Hnnilv owa iav bo irmcethorpe. Wednesday - 30 Henley-in-Arden. Friday Jan. 1 Claverdon. THE WARWICKSHIRE HOUNDS.-At a quarter to Eleven. Saturday Dec. 26 Red Hill. Monday - 28 Hampton Lucy. Tuesday - 29 Weston House. Thursday - 31 Shuckburgh. Friday Jan. 1Preference 101 North Eastern-Berwick 95 Ditto Leeds 511 Ditto York 83 North Staffordshire 3 South Eastern 69 COLONIAL RAILWAYS. Great Western of Canada 191 Ditto New i Grand Trunk of Canada 11 FOREIGN FUNDS. Mexican 19 Russian Five per Cent 106 Ditto Four-and-a-half per Cent 96 Turkish 101 Ditto New 951 Consols began at Wednesday's closing prices, and leave off good at opening quotation. The effect expected to follow a reduction of the rate of discount had evidently been anticipated, for no change took place. Railways show little variation, closing at opening figures. All Indian descriptions in demand. Foreign stocks firm. Birmingham Shark Market, Yesterday.-Business done Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Stour Valley, at 8 Great Western Stour Valley Guaranteed, at CO Birmingham Guaranteed, at 68@ South Staffordshire, at 9 and Birmingham Canal, at 89. There was a fair amount of business done, and prices generally closed Ann on the news of money being cheaper in London. The Stock Exchange will be closed on Saturday next. Commercial an ptwtag-From ouroum Correspondents. London Stock Exchange, Thursday Evening, The Directors of the Bank of England have this afternoon reduced the rate of discount from 10 per cent, to 8 per cent. They have thus @@@Mowed the general movement of the Money Market, as the rate they have now fixed had already prevailed for some days out of doors, and was yesterday uniformly recognised by the London Joint-stock Banks. The unprecedented rate of 10 per cent, has existed for forty-five days, from November 9th to De@ cember 24th, a period which will long be memorable in the ann.la 0 f commerce. In less than a fortnight the dividends on public stocks will become payable, which has always the effect of temporarily reducing to a considerable extent the reserve of coin and notes but the directors of the Bank feel their position so strong that not only do they see in this no obstacle to reduction, but are prepared to meet it after having dis@ pensed with the over-issue of two millions. They are again strictly under the restraints of the Bank Charter, and their present movement shows that there is not the slightest fear that it will be requisite to pass beyond its limits. Pressure and panic may ensue in the future, but it will be at some distant day, when the lessons of the present are for@ gotten. The balance-sheet which was laid on the table of the Bank parlour this morning will not be before the public until to-morro.w night, but during the week which it com@ prises specie from America, Russia, Turkey, and other quarters, has been flowing into the Bank, and the quan@ tities received have been about the following amounts -Thursday, December 17 Friday, Saturday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, 18 132,000 19 120,000 21 85,000 22 210,000 23 240,000 19J 108 98 101 Corn fparktfj, £t. Bibminghah Cobn Mabket, Thursday, December 24.-During the present week the transactions have been to a fair extent, considering the holiday time, but at no improvement in the value of any article of the trade. At Wolverhampton, yesterday, no advance could be obtained on any description of wheat. At this day's there was a short supply of wheat, which sold readily at the currency of this day se'nnlght. Barley again rather lower, with an Increased demand. Oats, beans, and peas all firmly held for former prices. Prices of grain Wheat, English white, 8s. 8d. to 7s. 2d. new, 6s. 6d. to 7s. ditto red, 6s. to 6s. 9d. new, 6s. to 6s. 8d. per bushel of 621bs. barley, 34s. to 38s. per quarter grinding, 25s. to 31s. per 8121bs. oats, English, white, 24s. 6d. to SSs. per quarter Irish, white. 26s. to 27s. per 3121bs. j beans, English, old, 17s. 6d. to 18s. 6d. per 1961bs. peas, boiling, 46s. to 50s. per quarter grinding, 16s. 6d. to 17s. 6d. per 1961bs. flour, English, fine, 39s. to 40s. seconds, 34s. to 35s. per sack of 2801be. Kidderminsteb Cobn Mabket, Yesterday. -Though there was a good attendance and fair supply of wheat, no great amount of business was done. Farmers were backward in selling at the present price. No advance was given, last week's rates remaining firm. Wheat, red, from 18s. to 19s. white, 19s. to 20s. beans, new, 16s. 6d. barley, 4s. 3d. to 4s. 6d. Newabk Cobn Mabket, Wednesday. December 23rd.-We had a small attendance and a short supply at market to-day a small business doing at about the prices of last week for all kinds of grain. Wakefield Cobn Mabket, Y'esterday.-We have a broken market to-day. Wheat sells slowly at last Friday's prices. £851,000 The amount is not quite as large as the gold received in the preceding week ending December 9th, but the return of sovereigns from Ireland and from the country banks has protaV.i r h a ,. _ lmgn acaic. The resources of the Bank are, however, strengthened from two causes-one as above mentioned, and the other consists in the inactivity of the demand for money. Capitalists and business men generally feel disposed to remain quiet for a time, and this state of comparative torpor will be more conducive to the restoration of healthy enterprise than any premature attempt to hasten a revival. The commercial statistics of the Board of Trade for November have been issued to-day. The apprehension of commercial danger had already made itself felt during the month of October, when the increase in the value of exports, which in July was £2,233,306. in excess of the same month in 1856, fell to an increase of only £318,838., compared with October, 1856. But in November there is no mistaking the influence of the commercial crisis, as the following comparison will show -Total Exports fob the Month of November. 1856 £10,272,075 1857 8,285,815 Decrease £1,986,260 The decrease of exports to the United States is a very striking item in the tables -Exports to United States for Month of November. 1856 £1,056,297 1857 462,753 Decrease £593,544 In the above account are included twenty-one of the prin@ cipal articles of British manufacture, but if all had been enumerated the contrast between the two periods would have been still more striking. Mr. Cobb, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, estimated the decline of imports in the Union at 25 per cent, during the next few months but here we begin by diminished shipments to the extent of 60 per cent. If this restraint can be maintained for two or three months longer, the return of an active and pros@ perous trade with the States will come round all the more quickly. The following are the most important variations during the month in the exports to the United States during November, 1856 and 1857 Earthenware has fallen off from £57,000. to £20,000. value. Haberdashery from £105,000. to £17,000. Cutlery and hardware from £139,000. to £61,000. Linens from £251,000. to £47,000. Pig iron from £16,400. to £4,700. Bar iron from £102,000. to £62,000. Wrought iron from £56,000. to £29.000. Steel from £51,000. to £14,700. Sheet iron and nails from £13,000. to £33. Lead from £5,000. to £35. Tin@ plates from £102,000. to £9,000. Woollen cloths from £53,000. to £11,000. Other woollen goods from £137,000. to £26,000. Cotton goods from £482,000. to £129,000. Tho oourae of trade to Australia is not substantially so satisfactory as that with America, although the latter ex@ hibits a large deoline of exports. The latest accounts from Melbourne show that the import market was not by any means in a favourable state, yet notwithstanding this has for some time been the tenour of the advices, shippers here, even during the November season of panic, were sending in supplies to the Australian market on as large a scale as ever. It is doubtful if there is not on the aggre@ gate a considerable inorease in the exports to that market. The following itoms were undoubtedly larger in November than in the same month last year Cotton goods, earthen@ ware, hardware and cutlery, wrought iron, lead, silk goods, British spirits, and woollens. The alleviation in the Bank rate had for several days been regarded as inevitable, and its influence was there@ fore already discounted when the announcement was made to-day. The Funds were consequently scarcely affected. Consols opened with firmness at 93@ to j, con@ tinued steady during the day, and closed at about 93@ sel@ lers. The Railway Share Market has been inactive to-day, and prices without any alteration worth mentioning. In Satterthwaite's Weekly Circular it is stated that the market for American securities in London has been steady during the week. Illinois Central Shares have declined to 15 discount, but the bonds are firmly held at previous prices. Michigan Central Bonds continue in much request, at a further advance. There have been moderate transac@ tions in New York Central and Pennsylvania Central, at former rates. Fine barley maintains its prices. Other sorts dull sale. shplHnjr, no l o bulletin published by the Board cmcs of fe ™ aspect and yield more allowed on every side to be the chief cauae nf H,! ! and continuance of the disease, are said@ • 8 l re lamentable oondition. No map of them is i n '•'l™ 08 Some of them have bulged and broken into others • J ° e ' made without cement, and the ground around theni U thoroughly saturated with the liquid impurities constantly passing through them. Several medical men of high stand@ ing are of opinion that the disease will lie almost dormant daring the winter, but that it will break out with renewed violence in the ooming spring, and commit greater ravages than it has done this year. prices, Beans, oats, and Metropolitan Cattle Market, Yesterday. - This market was held yesterday instead of to-day, Friday, but it may bo described quite a holiday-market, both as regards supply and demand. The butchers have a large stock on hand, and are too engaged to attend here. This state of the trade was expected, and consequently the consignments are very small. A few purchasers are found for some choice beasts at fully late rates, but in other departments there is literally nothing doing. Birmingham Cattle Market, Yesterday.-For the season there was quite an average supply of stock of all kinds at market this day. As far as regards the att Few I 5 attendance of buyers, it was quite a holiday market. Few things changed hands those that found purchasers were sold at lower rates. The mutton trade particularly dull. There were at market 94 horses, 5 asses, 345 beasts, 21 calves, 598 sheep, and 949 pigs. The prices realised were Beef, 5d. to 6 d. per lb. wether mutton, 6@ £ to 7d.@per@lb. ewe ditto, 5 d. to 6d. per lb. veal, Gd. to 6 d. per lb. bacon pigs, 7s. 9d. to 8s. 9p. per score porkets, 7s. Gd. to 8s. per score. Birmingham Wholesale Fruit and Vegetable, Egos, Buttjbr, Game, and Poultry Markets, Thursday December 24th.-Fruit a good supply, at last week's prices, with the exception of Blenheim apples, which are Is. per pot dearer. Potatoes, a fair supply, at last week's prices business much better. Game and poultry an unusual good supply, at the following prices Pheasants, Gs. to 8s. per brace partridges, 3s. to 3s. Gd. per brace grouse, 4s. to 5s. 6d. per brace hares, 4s. to 4s. Gd. each rabbits, Is. 6d. to 2s. id. a couple Turkeys, 4s. to 12s. each chickens, 3s. to 6s. a couple ducks, 4s. to 6s. a couple geese, 5s. to 10s. each. Eggs, eight for Is. butter. Is. id. per lb. Leadrnhall Leather Market, Tuesday, December 22nd.-The supply of fresh leather was moderate to-day a very @umited amount of business was transacted at about late rates. Market hides in good supply, with a dull demand. Prices a down@ ward tendency. ay° L Tv ERHAMPT0N Hide, Skin, and Fat Market, Wed-® m ber 23rd.-Hides 941bs. and upwards, 4 d. per lb. to 7 il£ 4 d ,! ■ 16- 741bs. to 8Slb@@ 4 8. per lb. 641bs. wider 651b - t 631bs..3§ i. per lb. 541bs and Kw i and Sd - 10 H d - W buU , 2 d. per lb. Horn. lb - kipp, 3d Ib.-IBba. to 16lbe ° nd upwards, 5Jd. per lb. lb fii w 4 r , 1 i b - , 9lb - nibs., 8d. pirlb. llxht, Ry Electric Telegraph. London Produce Mabket, Yesterday.-Sugar Sales of West India 416 hogsheads, making 1,906 for the week, with an advance of Is. to Is. Gd. Refined active at 56s. Gd. to 62s. wet lumps, 51s. to 53s.-Tea stiff. Low to good common Congou, Is. to Is. @d.-Coffee wanted at previous rates. Few sellers.-Rice Several transactions at a small advance. - Saltpetre Firmer demand rather better. -Tallow quiet. Prices less firm. On 'Change Tallow, 52s. 9 7. to 54s. on the spot 52s. 6d. to 53s. all year and 53s. March delivery. Linseed oil, 28s. 3d. to 28s. Gd. Scotch pig iron, 50s. Sales of rice and sugar continue at former rates. The colonial produce markets will be closed till the 5th of January. Upwards of £100,000. in gold was taken into the Bank of England to-day. Silver more in demand at 5s. ljjd. The Commercial Daily List says the effect of the reduc@ tion of the Bank rate has been a fall of Is. per cent. in other quarters bills of first-rate character are done at 7 f., and other acceptances average from 7 d. to lOd. Thft BjmLrovc. Lavp a?von ciiac one.v will receive money on call at 5@per cent., and on deposit at 6 per cent. Consols advanced after regular hours, and left off 93 5-16 to 7-16. Indian share.' still firmer. Railways better. Foreign exchanges unusually lower bills will not be generally in demand until some of the heavy Indian silk and other prompts are over. JftBMBTONE said that if they went ® chairman was loss, the parties working would suffer. re j by said that in June, 1853, a balance .sheet wa@ p .p j Mr. Kettle, and the firm was insolvent at that time, exc@@@ sive of the private estate of Mr. Mo@@ms, sen. commencement of 1854 the drawings out of M . @@@@@@' sen., had been £477. 11 . 3d., exclusive of the rents and the coal money. Mr. Thomas Mo@rns, un, d@@rawn out £5,940., and Mr. Bailey £1,0-1., @@@@@® a total of £7,438. In 1852, Mr. Mo@@ms, sen., receiveo a sum of money amounting to £3,000., which was placea to his account at the bank, and had been appropriatea uy him but Mr. Kettle explained that a portion of this naa gone back to the firm this was confirmed bv Mr. Bailey.-The Chairman said that between 1842 and 1803 the books showed that the profits had amounted to £9,7 d v and the drawings out by the firm in the same pen £K1 £13,000. at that the firm owed the bank BS.WA-Mr. Firmstone said that he observed that one of the blast furnaces was still in, though he was quite certain that there had been a loss upon every ton of iron made du@nug the past month of £1. per ton, it having been sold at 70s. per ton.-Mr. Bailey, one of the partners, explained that the furnace had been kept in for the purpose of con@ suming the coal, for which the demand had greatly decreased of late.-Mr. Robinson said that he looked upon this as the most 'gross case he ever had to deal with. He saw no alternative but bankruptcy if ever there was a case where commercial integrity, was to be vindicateu this was the one there ought to be a thorough investigation. Mr. Paul Moore believed that in two years the estate would realise 10s. in the pound.-The CHAIRMAN Will you guarantee it ?-Mr. Moore declined to do so, and admitted that he had made a rough estimate but he thought the estate might go on under trustees.-Mr. James Y ou 11 get no guarantees I am quite sure of that.-The discussion proceeded for some time without any definite resolve being arrived at the Chairman thought that bank@ ruptcy was the only course open, so did _ some other creditors six to two held up their hands in favour of this course, but there were more than thirty creditors in the room, so that no formal resolution was proposed. Some of the creditors suggested that the three partners should clear off for eighteen months at least, and that the mines should be worked under inspection.-Mr. Mobris, jun., said that he would leave himself in the hands of the creditors.-Mr. Robinson said that he would consent to no proposal that did not contemplate sending Mr. 'ITiomas Morris adrift.-JHr. Monaio . Other parties have had as much as I have.- Mr. James Mr. Morris, I don't believe that's true.-Mr. Morris Mr. Bailey has been carrying on two or three trades, and has had as much as I have.-Mr. James That's not true, and I won't allow you to say it Mr. Morris made me tell an untruth before I took his word that he only expended £700. a-year, and that was untrue I won't permit him to make these assertions the extravagance of Mr. Thomas Morris is well known to every@ body.-After this personal altercation between attorney and client, the discussion on the main question went on.-Mr. Robinson said he wished it to be distinctly understood that the Wolverhampton and Staffordshire Bank, being small creditors, would defer to the larger ones.-Various propositions were made, but none assented to.-Mr. James ? roposed working under inspection, with the certainty of @s. Gd. in the pound.-The Chairman said that he would not consent to any arrangement to release the creditors, as @@@@long as there was a shilling to be got the full 20s. in the pound, if it can be obtained.-Mr. JAMES Oh, that's hor@ rible it's eternal slavery I never@will@recommend my@clients to that I shall go for this, 10s. in the pound, guaranteed by inspection, and the mines being there. I'll have that cursed furnace blown out. Roars of laughter -At tliispoint the meeting expressed an opinion that the furnace should be blown out.-Sir. Bailey said, if the furnace is blown out we shall not be able to sell the coal. -Mr. Morris said that they had lost 10s. per ton by making pig-iron at the present time they had orders in for hammers and an@ vils, which were profitable.-Mr. Moohe proposed a reso@ lution that the firm go on under inspection for two years, paying a composition of 10s. in the pound this was nega@ tived.-The Chairman complained that nothing particular had been submitted to the meeting a division was again taken on the question of bankruptcy five held up their hands for and five against it but many gentlemen did not vote. -Mr. James Well, the estate is in the Bankruptcy Court unless you accept my proposition. 10s. in the pound in three years.-Mr. ROBINSON Let us know what Mr. James means.-The Chairman We had better have a resolution of bankruptcy, and a messenger go in at once. -Mr. James That's dust and ashes, gentlemen. Laughter. -Finally, the following resolution was carried It is the opinion of this meeting that the estate of Thomas Morris and Sons should be wound up in bankruptcy and that application be made to the Court for a messenger to be put in possession forthwith. -Mr. James said he held himself bound by the resolution, and would apply for the messenger himself. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. A meeting of Messrs. Motteram and Deeley's creditors was held yesterday, Mr. Churchill in the chair. The liabilities, according to the statement prepared by Mr. Percivall, were declared to be £59,562., assets £19,990. -The Chairman stated that in November, 1855, the firm stopped and showed a surplus of £12,596. so that in addition to this, there was a loss in two years of £40,000. he was assured, however, by Mr. Percivall, that the surplus two years since was a fallacy.-Mr. Robinson said that at all events it was a pretty com@ mentary on allowing insolvent estates to go on.-Mr. Firmstone said that the valuation of assets had shown a further depreciation, and he was afraid the assets would not realise more than twelve or thirteen thousand pounds. -The Chairman said the affair was in a very bad plight and as soon as the present orders were disposed of, tho sooner the estate was wound up the better, realising as much as possible at the least possible expense.-Mr. Perctvall, the accountant, said the books had been well kept, and that Mr. Deeley had drawn out £800. in two years, and Mr. Motteram £900.-The Chairman said that@£3,900.@had been paid for discounts in this estate in two years another creditor remarked that there had been several cross bills.-A resolution was passed by which the estate is to be wound up under the private arrangement clauses of the Bank BILSTON. r.iKOTTiKn -Whilst Edwin Grimier, hair dresser, residing at triif isY wed returning home from Bilston about nine o clock on HalifteldS' tnui returning™ two men near the u?gage of @he Great'weste@m Railway Station, and there ga-dspartment of th real He sustained great personal rotted and roM d of a suver and mT @e brought up fO@Texemption @m-morrow! Their nam@@ are Jonathan Armstrong t P4 f HRi MA75o n i AY Most of the shop-keepers, in order to orf X ?U for'ffie Y ir assistants, wili allow tfcir shop, to rernaln closed p j pu TBY dic.-Yesterday the show of meat i' K _ suu'nosed to be equal in all respects to that of last and poidtry was v dious we may just notice that the dispUy 7 ear if, very fine at Mr. Maurice's, Mr@ Warren's, Mr. HoUffipwo ®- and at 'Mr. Satterth@waite's establishments. WALSALL. - Board of GUARDIANS.-The ordinary Minrao or • Board @prevented this week by Friday s meeting considered advisable that the Christmas fMling on that day H was ron of urgent oppllcltion , Board should semb Only three or four applicants for assistance by tne unempioyeu. made their Th? hZt Tto settles offerj for stone-breaking, or go int@ te collector for the foreign, by Mr. Griffin, the afni reference to the matter between huu were accepted. Mr. Eylana, . Friday week it would be most and the Clerk, witnesses should attend. Twelve convenient for the Board that ois w u had i nvit ed o'clock wasbepraentat the investiga-thechairman. The meeting shortly afterwards adjourned. beef a Quantity of bacon, half a green cheese, two bottles of British wines, five pounds of butter@@@ Pound nd f a - b f t °L t0 C0 ' ' rabbit, and other property, to the value of about £2. 10s. BROWNHILLS. .. . , Magisterial.-At the Petty Sessions here, on the 22nd instant, Thomas Sedgwick, a notorious poacher, was charged before t. Harrison and J. Bealey, Esqrs., by Inspector Price, with stealing thirteen geese and twenty-five fowls from the premises of Mr. John Timmins@ farmer, Aston, on the night of the 17th inst. Sedgwick, who at one time resided in Walsall, has been for some time the leader of a gang of determined poftchers@ @e w@@ aire ted by iVIin Price early in the morning after the robbery, as he his own house with his booty. In his possession were found @@jemmv and a heavy spike. Although he has been styled a poacher, Sedgwiok does not seem ever to have had very clear notions as to what in strictness ought to be considered game. In one instance he gets committed for stealing a quantity of ham then he is caught with fifteen brace of partridges another time Inspector Price collars himjwith sixty-two geese, ducks, and barn-dcor fowls in his possession and he has been in gaol for smashing a fellow, @m short, who is ready for anything, from pitch and toss to man@ slaughter. On this occasion he was fully committed on the charge of felony.-Joseph Bradley Smith, publican, Aldridge, and David Pettey, beerhouse-keeper, Ryecroft Hill, were fined, the former in £1. and expenses, the latter in £3. and expenses, for breaches of license and Edward Mathews and Thomas Cook, puddlers, charged with stealing a couple of fowls, the property of Joseph Bennett, Great Barr, were let off on payment of the worth of the fowls and the expenses of the prosecution, on the plea that they had taken them away in a drunken spree. WILLENHALL. Neglect of Service.-At the Police Court, yesterday, before the Rev. G. H. Fisher and R. D. Gough, Esq., Edwin Jones, who two years ago left his master's employ, Mr. Silvester Read, lock@ smith, was charged, on a remand, with neglect of work. Mr. Clay don, barrister, appeared on behalf of the complainant, and Mr. Shipman for the defendant. He was committed for three months, with hard labour.-Frederick Bloore, for absenting him@ self from his master's service, was committed for one month. Fowl Stealing.-Yesterday morning, some impudent thieves stole from the hen-pen of Mr. Thomas Harper, of Willenhall, nine@ teen fowls, thirteen hens, six cocks, two ducks, and a drake. At present the depredators are at large. Christmas Show of Beef.-The annual supply of Christmas meat was made yesterday, and if anything it surpassed that of last year. The leading butchers seemed to vie with each other, par@ ticularly so on the part of Mr. Smith, Mr. Walter, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Baker. Thair supply was plentiful, and of a superior character. The supply of poultry exhibited by Mr. Satterthwaite and Mr. Mason was very fine, and of great variety. WEST BROMWICH. The Inquest on the Body of Mr. Collins.-We have already given the full facts of this melancholy case. An inquest was commenced on the body of Collins on Saturday last, at the Spon Lane Tavern, Mr. S. Underhill's, before G. H. Hinchliffe, Esq., and that was adjourned until Wednesday last. We note in this state of things, that after hearing the evidence of Mr. Davies, surgeon, who under the Coroner's precept had made a post-mortem. examination of the body of Mr. Collins, the Jury, under Mr. Hinchliffe's direction, returned a verdict that death had ensued from disease of the heart. It is unfortunately clear that deceased, formerly in very good circumstances, has for some years given him@ self up to habits of intemperance, and at the adjourned inquest, from the testimony of a little girl, named Sarah Howley, it was shown that Mr. Collins was at the Cross Guns, in Oldbury, so late as eleven o'clock on the night of his melancholy death, and was then very much intoxicated. This case has excited much painful interest in West Bromwich, the more so from the fact that the widow of deceased, left with five children, is herself not a sober woman. STOURBRIDGE. Amblecote Training School.-The annual examination of the pupils of the above school took place on Wednesday, in the Corn Exchange, Stourbridge, and a highly respectable and numer@ ous gathering of the inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood testified to the interest taken in the ceremony. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. W. Grier, Incumbent of Amblecote, and addresses were delivered by the Chairman, the Rev. H. Chester, Independent, and others. The boys, of whom there were about seventy, varying from seven years to eighteen years of age, were examined in the following branches Scripture and French, by Mr. Philip Marks, the principal of the establishment the theory and practice of vocal music, by Mr. J. Bourne, musical professor In English history, English grammar, and Latin, by Mr. J. E. Marks, Head Master of the Hackney School, near London in geography, by Mr. W. England, of Wollaston and in the drill and sword exercises, by their drill master, Mr. H. Bird, late band and drill sergeant of the Fourth Light Dragoons. The clever way ruptcy Act the inspectors to realise on the property as soon as possible and in the event of disputes between the old and new creditors, the opinion of counsel to be taken. -The Dudley and West Bromwich Bank have power to appoint an inspector. The Toll End Works are mortgaged for £25,000., on which other creditors have security. gistri@d etos. DUDLEY. Two Women Found Dead in Bed.-Some sensation was pro@ duced in Wolverhampton Street yesterday, by two women named Collonen Duffy, aged about fifty years, and Catherine Duffy, aged about twenty, being found dead in their bed. They were the wife and daughter of a man named Luke Duffy, a shoemaker, who lives in a small house in Wolverhampton Street, and opposite the end of Chapel Street. The wife had been slightly indisposed for about a fortnight, having suffered from a cold. She however was almost as well as usual at eleven o'clock on Wednesday night when she went to bed. The daughter, a healthy robust young woman, who had never had a day's illness in her life, retired at about twelve. The deceased slept together in a back bed room, and they were irsons sleeping in the room. the only per r males slept in the adjoining apai fourteen, got up at six o'clock on Thursday morning, and as usual other r The father and three or four .rtment. The son, a lad about slept in the adjoining a t up at six o'clock on T went into the back room to arouse his sister. He found, however. that both were perfectly siill and apparently lifeless, and aroused th bodies were cold and stiff, and his father, who discovered that both 1 had evidently been dead for some time. Their countenances were ADJOURNED MEETING OF MESSRS. MORRIS'S CREDITORS. The adjourned meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Thomas Morris and Son was held yesterday at Dee's Hotel, Mr. George Skey in the chair. An estimated valuation of the mining properties was read by Mr. Bradley, the valuation having been made by that gentleman and Mr. Lloyd, Lloyd, Foster, and Co. In this estimate it appeared that a sum of £12,246. might be realised by letting the mines for working for eighteen months, at the expiration of which time it was estimated that two of the pits would be worked out against this there would be charges amounting to £4,500., leaving something like £7,700. for division amongst the creditors. At the end of the time named tho mines and machinery might be sold, and the creditors get what they could.-Mr. George Robinson asked whether the bank would assent to that arrangement they were the mortgagees, and nothing could be done without their con@ sent.-Mr. James said he did not represent the bank, but he assumed that if the mines were let the bank would take all. If the mines were worked for the benefit of tho estate an arrangement with the bank might pos@ sibly be entered into. The question was what profit would be beyond the royalty the difference was be@ tween working and letting on royalty.-The Chairman said that in the estimate of expenses they had allowed £1,500. a year for depreciation on their property.-Mr. Robinson said that it would be a waste of time to discuss the question uutil they knew what the mortgagees would do.-The Chairman said that he thought there would be no difficulty about an arrangement with the bank.-Mr. perfectly composed, but very pale, and the bed clothes were not at all ruffled. An alarm was made, and Dr. David Johnson was sent for, but that gentleman could of course do nothing. An inquest will be held on Saturday. OLDBURY. Committal for Burglary.-On Wednesday, before Edward Chance, Esq., a man named Ralph Pilling, about forty years of age, a navvy, of Old Hill, was charged with breaking into the house of Joseph Collins, a labourer, residing near the Whimsey Bridge, in Hales Owen Street, and stealing therefrom one tame rabbit, valued 2s. Gd. The house was broken into at twelve o'clock on Tuesday night by the latch being forced. The rabbit was running about the house, and was afterwards missed. The wife and eight children were in bed at the time, and heard a noise below, but were too much frightened to come down. The husband was out. When the noise ceased the wife came down, and gave an alarm. Some of the neighbours went in pursuit of the robber, and overtook the pri@ soner half a mile from the ho@@@@ He was then @@@n@@@d they too V him back tn tho wnen the acwuaeu, producing the labnit out of nno his pockets, allowed it to slide down his leg to the ground, and it then ran away, but was afterwards caught. Police-constable Bradshaw being on duty near the place, was sent for, and took the prisoner into custody. The prisoner, who knew what he was about@ told the officer he had been looking for lodgings that he had not seen any b- rabbit, and that if he had he would have killed it@ He added, Now I've got lodgings for the night. He was a totai stranger to the people of the honse. It was said the prisoner had recently been at work at the Water Works, Lichfield, and was in Oldbury looking after work. He was committed for trial at the next W orcester Assizes. Coal-pit Explosion.-Last evening, the 24th inst., an inquest was held at the Malt Shovel public house, Oldbury, by R. Docker, Esq-, on the body of John Ciasey, aged about forty-five, who died on the 22nd inst.', from injuries he received on the 3rt, while at work at a stone-pit at the Lyttelton Hall Colliery, belonging to Mr. Dawes, in the parish of West Bromwich. The deceased was at work with other men, and while the latter were at dinner, he went with a naked candle into a part of the mine where he had been at work, and shortly afterwards the men, by a sudden gust of wind, became aware that an explosion had taken place. On proceeding to the spot, they found Casey lying in the road very much burnt. He was taken up the pit and carried home, but died in about a fortnight from the effect of the burns. It was said that very little sulphur had accumulated and that the explosion was right in the current of air. But the witnesses stated that the ventilation was sufficient, and it was supposed that the sulphur accumulated near a sudden slip of the mine. This being a stone-pit, the Government Inspector was not present. The Jury returned a verdict of Accidental death. BRIERLEY HILL. Curious Charge of Stealing a Jacket.-Charles Osland, a miner, was charged yesterday, before J. Leigh, Esq., with stealing a jacket, the property of a man named William Salter. The men worked at a pit at Kingswinford, and on the 14th the jacket was missed from the hovel. The prisoner told the prosecutor some days before that he should steal the jacket some night, and after it was missed the prisoner was seen wearing it. The prisoner, for whom Mr. Burbury appeared, elected to be tried at the Sessions, and was then committed. The Case of Stealing £40.-The man Thomas Williams, who was charged on Monday, at Wordaley, with stealing £40., the pro@ perty of Thomas Wiltshire, of Rowley, three years ago, was again charged yesterday, before John Leigh, Esq., but as the additional evidence was not forthcoming, the prisoner was remanded to Wol@ verhampton, on Wednesday next. in which the boys acquitted themselves in each department was @@@a@@@@@dmired, and fully corroborated the remarks of Mr. Grie@@@@@@@r@ Chester in reference to the efficiency of the system adopted ' ' of this a greatly admired, and Mr. s school had by their principal. It was stated that the pupils c eight prizes awarded them this year by the Government Depart@ ment of Science And Art for drawing. The Chairman announced his attention of awarding for the next examination, at Mid@ summer, two prizes of the value of 10s. Gd. and 5s. respectively, to the boys of the school. The company separated, highly delighted with the way in which they had spent the afternoon. KIDDERMINSTER. Charge of Cutting and Wounding.-At the Borough Police Office, yesterday, Thursday, a currier, named Henry Sheward, was brought before the Mayor, J. Batham, and W. B. Best, Esqrs, on the charge of cutting and wounding Augustus King. Prosecutor was foreman to Messrs. Clarke, curriers, of this town, where the prisoner had been employed up to last Saturday week, when he was discharged, owing to the dull state of the trade. He appeared convinced that the dismissal was the act of the foreman, and ever since he has held out threats towards him. On the previous night the prosecutor met Sheward near to Chapel Street. The prisoner asked if he was to be employed again, and being answered in the negative, he repeated his threat. He walked by the side of King till they arrived at a eark part of the street, when he exclaimed, I'll have six months for you@and with these words struck King a violent blow upon the back of the head, which made him reel. While reeling. King received a savage blow on the eye, which felled him. The prisoner repeating his threats, kicked and beat the prosecutor brutally till the cries of the latter brought several persons to the spot, when Sheward made off. To-day, his only regret was that he had not given the prosecutor more. The surgeon, Mr. Hillman, was of opinion that the wounds were not such as would have resulted from blows by the fist, but had been inflicted by some hard instrument. Prisoner was then committed for trial at the next Assizes. TAMWORTH. Charge against a Police Officer.-On Saturday, before Major Bamford and J. Bramall, Esq., George Goodwin, a police-officer belonging to the Warwickshire Constabulary, was charged by a man of the name of Ellis with striking him with his staff and knocking him down, by which his head was severely cut, and he was rendered insensible. It appeared in evidence that there was a tea drinking and dance at a public house in Kingsbury, to cele@ brate the marriage of one of the farmers in the neighbourhood. Goodwin, the officer charged, passing at the time, went into the inn and staid there he stayed, at the landlord's request, from about eleven o'clock till one o'clock in the morning, when the party broke up.-Sarah Ellis, sister of the complainant, said that she saw Goodwin strike one of the party as they were all leaving, and her brother remarked to the man thus struck, Come away Rafferty, you can make him remember this, when Goodwin turned and gave Ellis the blow which caused the injury complained of, Sub-Inspector Mare cross-examined this witness to ascertain whether any further provocation had been given to Goodwin which might have led him to commit the act, but the witness stated that she was present at the time, and her brother did not strike or speak to the defendant, but only to the man Rafferty. In defence the man Goodwin said that Rafferty was disorderly, and that Ellis took his part, and struck and kicked him Goodwin, several times and Ho called a witness of the name of Isaac Watts, Gut this rimcu said he did uot see the row commence, and could not tell who struck the first blow. He also admitted that he was not sober, and both he and Goodwin were down on the ground. The Magistrates convicted the defendant in a fine of £1. and costs. Serious Charoe of Embezzlement.-On Wednesday, before Major Bamford and J. Bramall, Esq , Abraham Arme, jun., was charged with embezzling various sums of money, the property of Mr. W. Adcock, his employer. Mr. William Adcock stated@@ carry on business as a miller, at Kingsbury, and at the Castle Mill, Tamworth. The prisoner is in my employ. It was his duty to take flour and deliver it to my cus@ tomers, receive accounts, and pav the'moneys to me. I produce a number of receipts which have been handed to me by one of mr aras who customers, signed by the prisoner for money amounting to upw@@@i of £37., which he has not accounted for. Elizabeth Wiggan, @@i carries on business as a flour seller, swore to the payment of the @ima mentioned on the receipts produced. James Storer, of Wig-@ginton, upwards of £25., which the prosecutor proved had not been accounted for. There were other cases not gone into, making the total sum of the prisoner's defalcations to amount to £136. Thomas Groom stated that on Friday last, the prisoner gave him@ self into his custody for keeping back his master's money. He was committed to take his trial at the Sessions at both Warwick and Stafford, the two cases proved having occurred in the two counties. Case of Stabbing.-On Wednesday, before Samnel Hanson, Esq., Mayor, and E. B. Hamel, Esq., Patrick Devaney, a labourer, from Bilston, was charged by Peter Powis, also a labourer, with stabbing him with a knife. The complainant stated that he and the prisoner, with two other men, were together on Sunday evening last, and were drinking. A slight quarrel arose in the first instance between the prisoner and the other men. The com@ plainant appears to have given some offence to the prisoner in connection with these men, and the prisoner followed the com@ plainant into another public-house, and inflicted the wounds referred to. The trousers of the complainant were produced la Court, and were very much cut and very bloody. The Magistrates considering that there was some provocation given by the com@ plainant, decided to treat the case as an assault, rather than as the more serious charge of cutting and wounding with intent, c., and inflicted a fine of £5., or two months' imprisonment. Hie money not being forthcoming, the prisoner was sent to Warwick. Printed and P@@ ifhed@for the Proprietors by JOHN FREDERICK FEENEY, at his Offices, No. 38, New Street, Birmingham, when
[ GS_aligned] ########################################### ############################################################### own Correspondents. LONDON, Thursday Evening. FRANCE. PARIS, December 24.-T@he journals have been @ﬁlled with the Message of the President Buchanan, but they make scarcely any original remarks upon it. The Minister of War has just granted 30,000 unlimited furloughs in the army 27,000 in the infantry 15,000 in the cavalry 460 in the artillery the rest in the engineers, the waggon-train, @c. The dearth of political news is greater than ever. BELGIUM. BRUSSELS, December 24.-The admitting foreign coal free of duty expires on the 1st of January, and the Minister of Finance, being interrogated in the Chamber of Repre- sentatives respecting the intentions of the Government, replied that the question was under his consideration, but that he was not able at present to indicate the course that would be taken. ITALY.Y. NAPLES, December 16.-The process of Sapri is con- cluded, but the judgment will not be promulgated for a month to come. There were 128 accused a number of them have been condemned to death, but one only will be executed. The King will either pardon or commute the sentences upon others. The Opinione of Turin states that while reductions are taking place in the Austrian army, the military contingent of Lombardy for the ensuing year is rather larger than before. The substance of the above paragraph is quoted in yesterday's Moniteur. PRUSSIA. BERLIN, December 23.-The Prussian Moniteur publishes the royal decree which convokes the Chambers for January 12. There will be no change at present in the kingly power-neither regency, co-regency, nor abdication, but a simple continuation of the powers already conferred on the Prince of Prussia. The Princes Frederick Charles and Adelbert of Prussia will go to London to be present at the marriage of Prince Frederick William to the Princess Royal. The princely bride and bridegroom will arrive at Cologne February 4, and at Potsdam on the 6th. Their Royal Highnesses will make their solemn entry into the Prussian capital on the 8th of February. RUSSIA. ######################## 17th.-The St. Petersburg Gazette has lately been publishing a series of articles upon The Mission of Russia, in reply to some of the English journals, which had accused that power of a design to assume an aggressive attitude in Asia. It sums up its arguments as follows - Just as the mission of civilising Southern Asia belongs to England, so that of civilising Northern Asia belongs to Russia. Siberia is a slumbering giant, whose strength will not be manifest until he awakes. Throughout the southern frontier of Siberia, the Ural Mountains, and as far as the Paci@ﬁc Ocean, we require roads to enable us to trade with Southern Asia. The exchange of the products of the north with the riches of the south, and that animation which @ﬂows from trade and manufactures, will give life, move- ment, and a greater population to the north. This is no castle in the air, no plan conceived with any sel@ﬁsh object it is but a demand for the normal development of civilisa- tion itself. To attempt to stay that development would, indeed, be to form an aggressive power in Asia, and any such aggression would end in the destruction of the power attempting it, and not in that of Russia. Russia will no more be vanquished by England on this ground than she was in the last European war. GERMANY. ################### 21.-The Germanic Diet has adjourned its sittings until after the 1st of the coming year. THE QUESTIONS D'ORIENT. A Berlin letter in the Cologne Gazette, says The Commission of the States of the banks of the Danube has @completed the draft of its convention, and Austria is endeavouring to obtain a rati@ﬁcation of it from the other States, in order that it may be presented to the Congress of Paris as an a@ﬀair de@ﬁnitely settled. But the convention contains clauses too much to the advantage of the States on its banks, and as soon as France learned that it was intended to get it rati@ﬁed, she raised the objection that it must @ﬁrst be approved of by the Congress of Paris. Count de Buol replied by a note, dated the 7th, in which it is stated that the States were only bound to communi- cate the convention to the Congress, but did not stand in need of its approbation. France, however, maintains the contrary a@@ﬃrmation, and has sent a circular despatch on the subject, drawn up with particular care, to the French diplomatic agents at the Courts of all the Powers who signed the treaty of March 30. PARIS, December 23.-The question touching the Russian ports in the Black Sea was in course of arrangement, when it has be@come complicated by the measures of the Gover- nor-General of the Crimea, who has rëestablished military servitude in the Khersonese on the same footing as it existed before the war. To ensure the enforcement of this system in all its strictness, the authorities prohibited disembarkation in certain speci@ﬁed ports, and if vessels were driven in by stress of weather, they were not su@ﬀered to remain more than twenty-four hours, and only that concession was permitted on condition that none of the crew were su@ﬀered to land, and that Russian soldiers were stationed on board the ship while in port. Such is the open manner in which Russia proceeds to shut up the Black Sea. Kamies@ch has been rased to the ground, and merchants are prohibited from establishing themselves there. A despatch from St. Petersburg, dated Tuesday, Decem- ber 22, announces that 3,000 Circassians, commanded by thirteen of Schamyl's lieutenants, were completely put to the route on the 13th of November. All the district of Slatavia has been evacuated, and the habitations burnt. The Russian troops had gone into winter quarters. THE EARTHQUAKE AT NAPLES. The Patrie of to-day quotes from the Journal of the Two Sicilies the o@@ﬃcial organ, the following account of the earthquake Two violent shocks took place at Naples during the night from the 17th to the 18th. The @ﬁrst took place at ten minutes past one a.m. It lasted from four to @ﬁve seconds. It was followed almost immediately after by a second shock, which lasted twenty-@ﬁve seconds. It was so strong that both the clocks at the Royal Observatory were stopped. Two other shocks also took place between three and @ﬁve in the morning but they lasted only a few seconds, and were hardly perceptible. Despatches from Caserta, Nola, Aversa, Pozzuoli, Salerno, and Avallina, state that the shocks were also felt there. In the Principato Citerioore, at Eboli and Campagna, the @ﬁrst two commotions were the most violent, but no loss of life has to be deplored. At Paria, likewise, there was not a single casualty but at Castellamare two men, belonging to the lower classes, were injured. Despatches received at Naples on the 18th state that telegraphic communication has been interrupted between Eboli and Sala. At the latter place three persons were killed. The prison, the barracks, and other buildings su@ﬀered. At Atena half the houses crumbled to the ground. At Padula one hundred houses fell. Number of killed not known at Polla the disasters were immense, and the victims many, par- ticularly among the gendarmerie. At Petrosa, Auletta, and Carreggiano, houses fell and crushed their inmates. At Salerno the public buildings were damaged. Two churches, the Governor's residence, and the gendarmerie barracks were greatly injured. A steeple fell in one of the suburbs-two women were crushed beneath the ruins. At Campagna the town su@ﬀered no loss of life is reported. In conclusion, the o@@ﬃcial journal says that the King has given orders to leave nothing undone to relieve the su@ﬀerers. The State forests are to be used to build huts with.-Globe. PORTUGAL. LISBON, December 19.-The fever still continues to ##### now much cooler, so that there exists ######### the disease may gradually subside before ############################################ pected that the mails, with the details of the intelligence respecting the six days' hard @ﬁghting for the @ﬁnal capture of Lucknow, will reach London before Tuesday or Wednesday next. The Pekin, with the Bombay mail, arrived at Suez on the 19th inst., and her Majesty's fast despatch boat Coquette brought from Alexander to Malta the telegram only which appeared in our columns yester- day. The Bombay mail may therefore await at Alexandria the arrival of the Calcutta and China mails, and will then, with them, be conveyed to Marseilles per Peninsular and Oriental steam-ship Vectis. IRREGULARITY OF AUSTRALIAN MAILS. The European, Australian and Royal West Indian Mail Company o@ﬀered their new steam ship Australasia for the conveyance of troops to India, and the o@ﬀer was accepted but whether the vessel has been chartered by the Admiralty or the East India Company does not appear. The mail service between Australia and Suez is interrupted through the want of reserve steamers, yet the Admiralty allow the Australasia to be taken up for troop service to India, which will prevent her from reaching Sydney before April next, and, as the Simla is withdrawn from the line, and the other three vessels, Emeu, European, and Columbian, are in a very defective state, the public may expect for the next six months a continu- ance of the irregularities attending the arrivals of Austra- lian mails. The necessity of having a fortnightly mail to our gold colonies is daily becoming more apparent, and for that object we entertain no doubt that the Government will adopt the Panama route, which has undisputed advan- tage over the Ceylon route. For the large sum of money granted for the present contract the results obtained are extremely unsatisfactory, and an enquiry ought to be insti- tuted by the House of Commons into the entire mail packet service, with a view to economy and improvement. HUNTING APPOINTMENTS. @Masters of Hounds will oblige by forwarding notice of the Fixtures to this O@@ﬃce as early as possible. NORTH WARWICKSHIRE HOUNDS.-@At a quarter to Eleven. ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## began at Wednesday's closing prices, and leave o@ﬀ good at opening quotation. The e@ﬀect expected to follow a reduction of the rate of discount had evidently been anticipated, for no change took place. Railways show little variation, closing at opening @ﬁgures. All Indian descriptions in demand. Foreign stocks ############################## Yesterday.-Business done Birmingham, Wolverhampton, and Stour Valley, at 8 Great Western Stour Valley Guaranteed, at 60 Birmingham Guaranteed, at 68⅜ South Sta@ﬀordshire, at 9 and Birmingham Canal, at 89. There was a fair amount of business done, and prices generally closed ﬁrm on the news of money being cheaper in London. The Stock Exchange will be closed on Saturday next. ####################################################################### Thursday Evening. The Directors of the Bank of England have this afternoon reduced the rate of discount from 10 per cent. to 8 per cent. They have thus followed the general movement of the Money Market, as the rate they have now @ﬁxed had already prevailed for some days out of doors, and was yesterday uniformly recognised by the London Joint-stock Banks. The unprecedented rate of 10 per cent. has existed for forty-@ﬁve days, from November 9th to De- cember 24th, a period which will long be memorable in the annals @of commerce. In less than a fortnight the dividends on public stocks will become payable, which has always the e@ﬀect of temporarily reducing to a considerable extent the reserve of coin and notes but the directors of the Bank feel their position so strong that not only do they see in this no obstacle to reduction, but are prepared to meet it after having dis- pensed with the over-issue of two millions. They are again strictly under the restraints of the Bank Charter, and their present movement shows that there is not the slightest fear that it will be requisite to pass beyond its limits. Pressure and panic may ensue in the future, but it will be at some distant day, when the lessons of the present are for- gotten. The balance-sheet which was laid on the table of the Bank parlour this morning will not be before the public until to-morro@w night, but during the week which it com- prises specie from America, Russia, Turkey, and other quarters, has been @ﬂowing into the Bank, and the quan- tities received have been about the following amounts #################################################################################################################################################################################### Thursday, December 24.-During the present week the transactions have been to a fair extent, considering the holiday time, but at no improvement in the value of any article of the trade. At Wolverhampton, yesterday, no advance could be obtained on any description of wheat. At this day's there was a short supply of wheat, which sold readily at the currency of this day se'nnight. Barley again rather lower, with an increased demand. Oats, beans, and peas all @ﬁrmly held for former prices. Prices of grain Wheat, English white, 6s. 8d. to 7s. 2d. new, 6s. 6d. to 7s. ditto red, 6s. to 6s. 9d. new, 6s. to 6s. 8d. per bushel of 62lbs. barley, 34s. to 38s. per quarter grinding, 25s. to 31s. per 312lbs. oats, English, white, 24s. 6d. to 33s. per quarter Irish, white, 26s. to 27s. per 312lbs.@@ beans, English, old, 17s. 6d. to 18s. 6d. per 196lbs. peas, boiling, 46s. to 50s. per quarter grinding, 16s. 6d. to 17s. 6d. per 196lbs. @ﬂour, English, @ﬁne, 39s. to 40s. seconds, 34s. to 35s. per sack of ################################## Yesterday.@-Though there was a good attendance and fair supply of wheat, no great amount of business was done. Farmers were backward in selling at the present price. No advance was given, last week's rates remaining @ﬁrm. Wheat, red, from 18s. to 19s. white, 19s. to 20s. beans, new, 16s. 6d. barley, 4s. 3d. to 4s. 6d. ################### Wednesday, December 23rd.-We had a small attendance and a short supply at market to-day a small business doing at about the prices of last week for all kinds of grain. ###################### Y@esterday.-We have a broken market to-day. Wheat sells slowly at last Friday's ######################################################## gold received in the preceding week ending December 9th, but the return of sovereigns from Ireland and from the country banks has ############################### The resources of the Bank are, however, strengthened from two causes-one as above mentioned, and the other consists in the inactivity of the demand for money. Capitalists and business men generally feel disposed to remain quiet for a time, and this state of comparative torpor will be more conducive to the restoration of healthy enterprise than any premature attempt to hasten a revival. The commercial statistics of the Board of Trade for November have been issued to-day. The apprehension of commercial danger had already made itself felt during the month of October, when the increase in the value of exports, which in July was £2,233,306. in excess of the same month in 1856, fell to an increase of only £318,838., compared with October, 1856. But in November there is no mistaking the in@ﬂuence of the commercial crisis, as the following comparison will show ################################################################################################# decrease of exports to the United States is a very striking item in the tables ################################################################################################## the above account are included twenty-one of the prin- cipal articles of British manufacture, but if all had been enumerated the contrast between the two periods would have been still more striking. Mr. Cobb, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, estimated the decline of imports in the Union at 25 per cent. during the next few months but here we begin by diminished shipments to the extent of 60 per cent. If this restraint can be maintained for two or three months longer, the return of an active and pros- perous trade with the States will come round all the more quickly. The following are the most important variations during the month in the exports to the United States during November, 1856 and 1857 Earthenware has fallen o@ﬀ from £57,000. to £20,000. value. Haberdashery from £105,000. to £17,000. Cutlery and hardware from £139,000. to £61,000. Linens from £251,000. to £47,000. Pig iron from £16,400. to £4,700. Bar iron from £102,000. to £62,000. Wrought iron from £56,000. to £29.000. Steel from £51,000. to £14,700. Sheet iron and nails from £13,000. to £33. Lead from £5,000. to £35. Tin- plates from £102,000. to £9,000. Woollen cloths from £53,000. to £11,000. Other woollen goods from £137,000. to £26,000. Cotton goods from £482,000. to £129,000. The course of trade to Australia is not substantially so satisfactory as that with America, although the latter ex- hibits a large decline of exports. The latest accounts from Melbourne show that the import market was not by any means in a favourable state, yet notwithstanding this has for some time been the tenour of the advices, shippers here, even during the November season of panic, were sending in supplies to the Australian market on as large a scale as ever. It is doubtful if there is not on the aggre- gate a considerable increase in the exports to that market. The following items were undoubtedly larger in November than in the same month last year Cotton goods, earthen- ware, hardware and cutlery, wrought iron, lead, silk goods, British spirits, and woollens. The alleviation in the Bank rate had for several days been regarded as inevitable, and its in@ﬂuence was there- fore already discounted when the announcement was made to-day. The Funds were consequently scarcely a@ﬀected. Consols opened with @ﬁrmness at 93⅛ to ¼, con- tinued steady during the day, and closed at about 93¼ sel- lers. The Railway Share Market has been inactive to-day, and prices without any alteration worth mentioning. In Satterthwaite's Weekly Circular it is stated that the market for American securities in London has been steady during the week. Illinois Central Shares have declined to 15 discount, but the bonds are @ﬁrmly held at previous prices. Michigan Central Bonds continue in much request, at a further advance. There have been moderate transac- tions in New York Central and Pennsylvania Central, at former rates. #################################################################################################################################################### on every side to be the chief cause ############ continuance of the disease, are said ######### lamentable condition. No map of them is ################# of them have bulged and broken into others all are@@ made without cement, and the ground around them is thoroughly saturated with the liquid impurities constantly passing through them. Several medical men of high stand- ing are of opinion that the disease will lie almost dormant during the winter, but that it will break out with renewed violence in the coming spring, and commit greater ravages than it has done this ########################################################## Yesterday. -@This market was held yesterday instead of to-day, Friday, but it may be described quite a holiday-market, both as regards supply and demand. The butchers have a large stock on hand, and are too engaged to attend here. This state of the trade was expected, and consequently the consignments are very small. A few purchasers are found for some choice beasts at fully late rates, but in other departments there is literally nothing doing. ######################### Yesterday.-For the season there was quite an average supply of stock of all kinds at market this day. As far as regards the ########### attendance of buyers, it was quite a holiday market. Few things changed hands those that found purchasers were sold at lower rates. The mutton trade particularly dull. There were at market 94 horses, 5 asses, 345 beasts, 21 calves, 598 sheep, and 949 pigs. The prices realised were Beef, 5d. to 6½d. per lb. wether mutton, 6¾d. to 7d. per lb. ewe ditto, 5½d. to 6d. per lb. veal, 6d. to 6½d. per lb. bacon pigs, 7s. 9d. to 8s. 9p. per score porkets, 7s. 6d. to 8s. per score. ################################################################################### Thursday December 24th.-Fruit a good supply, at last week's prices, with the exception of Blenheim apples, which are 1s. per pot dearer. Potatoes, a fair supply, at last week's prices business much better. Game and poultry an unusual good supply, at the following prices Pheasants, 6s. to 8s. per brace partridges, 3s. to 3s. 6d. per brace grouse, 4s. to 5s. 6d. per brace hares, 4s. to 4s. 6d. each rabbits. 1s. 6d. to 2s. 4d. a couple Turkeys, 4s. to 12s. each chickens, 3s. to 6s. a couple ducks, 4s. to 6s. a couple geese, 5s. to 10s. each. Eggs, eight for 1s. butter. 1s. 4d. per lb. ########################## Tuesday, December 22nd.-The supply of fresh leather was moderate to-day a very limited amount of business was transacted at about late rates. Market hides in good supply, with a dull demand. Prices a down- ward tendency. ################## ####################################### 23rd.-Hides 94lbs. and upwards, 4½d. per lb. to ################## 74lbs. to 83lbs. 4¼d. per lb. ################################## per lb. ############################################# per lb. #################################################### ####################################################################### Electric Telegraph. ###################### Yesterday.-Sugar Sales of West India 416 hogsheads, making 1,906 for the week, with an advance of 1s. to 1s. 6d. Re@ﬁned active at 56s. 6d. to 62s. wet lumps, 51s. to 53s.-Tea sti@ﬀ. Low to good common Congou, 1s. to 1s. ¾d.-Co@ﬀee wanted at previous rates. Few sellers.-Rice Several transactions at a small advance.@-@Saltpetre Firmer demand rather better.@-Tallow quiet. Prices less @ﬁrm. On 'Change Tallow, 52s. 9@d. to 54s. on the spot 52s. 6d. to 53s. all year and 53s. March delivery. Linseed oil, 28s. 3d. to 28s. 6d. Scotch pig iron, 50s. Sales of rice and sugar continue at former rates. The colonial produce markets will be closed till the 5th of January. Upwards of £100,000. in gold was taken into the Bank of England to-day. Silver more in demand at 5s. @1⅝d. The Commercial Daily List says the e@ﬀect of the reduc- tion of the Bank rate has been a fall of 1s. per cent. in other quarters bills of @ﬁrst-rate character are done at 7¼d., and other acceptances average from 7½d. to 10d. ##################################### will receive money on call at 5 per cent., and on deposit at 6 per cent. Consols advanced after regular hours, and left o@ﬀ 93 5-16 to 7-16. Indian share@s still @ﬁrmer. Railways better. Foreign exchanges unusually lower bills will not be generally in demand until some of the heavy Indian silk and other prompts are over. ################################################ loss, the parties working would ############### said that in June, 1853, a balance @sheet was ###### Mr. Kettle, and the @ﬁrm was insolvent at that time, exclu- sive of the private estate of Mr. Morris, ################# of 1854 the drawings out of Mr. Morris, sen., had been £477. 11s. 3d., exclusive of the rents and the coal money. Mr. Thomas Morris ###### drawn out £5,940., and Mr. Bailey £1,021., making a total of £7,438. In 1852, Mr. Morris, sen., received a sum of money amounting to £3,000., which was placed to his account at the bank, and had been appropriated by him but Mr. Kettle explained that a portion of this had gone back to the @ﬁrm this was con@ﬁrmed by Mr. Bailey.-The CHAIRMAN said that between 1842 and 1853 the books showed that the pro@ﬁts had amounted to £9,834., and the drawings out by the @ﬁrm in the same pe@riod £13,000. at that the @ﬁrm owed the bank ################### said that he observed that one of the blast furnaces was still in, though he was quite certain that there had been a loss upon every ton of iron made during the past month of £1. per ton, it having been sold at 70s. per ton.-Mr. BAILEY, one of the partners, explained that the furnace had been kept in for the purpose of con- suming the coal, for which the demand had greatly decreased of late.-Mr. ROBINSON said that he looked upon this as the most 'gross case he ever had to deal with. He saw no alternative but bankruptcy if ever there was a case where commercial integrity@ was to be vindicated this was the one there ought to be a thorough investigation.-Mr. PAUL MOORE believed that in two years the estate would realise 10s. in the pound.-The CHAIRMAN Will you guarantee it ?-Mr. MOORE declined to do so, and admitted that he had made a rough estimate but he thought the estate might go on under trustees.-Mr. JAMES Y@ou'll get no guarantees I am quite sure of that.-The discussion proceeded for some time without any de@ﬁnite resolve being arrived at the Chairman thought that bank- ruptcy was the only course open, so did@@ some other creditors six to two held up their hands in favour of this course, but there were more than thirty creditors in the room, so that no formal resolution was proposed. Some of the creditors suggested that the three partners should clear o@ﬀ for eighteen months at least, and that the mines should be worked under inspection.-Mr. MORRIS, jun., said that he would leave himself in the hands of the creditors.-Mr. ROBINSON said that he would consent to no proposal that did not contemplate sending Mr. @@Thomas Morris ##################### Other parties have had as much as I have.-@Mr. JAMES Mr. Morris, I don't believe that's true.-Mr. MORRIS Mr. Bailey has been carrying on two or three trades, and has had as much as I have.-Mr. JAMES That's not true, and I won't allow you to say it Mr. Morris made me tell an untruth before I took his word that he only expended £700. a-year, and that was untrue I won't permit him to make these assertions the extravagance of Mr. Thomas Morris is well known to every- body.-After this personal altercation between attorney and client, the discussion on the main question went on.-Mr. ROBINSON said he wished it to be distinctly understood that the Wolverhampton and Sta@ﬀordshire Bank, being small creditors, would defer to the larger ones.-Various propositions were made, but none assented to.-Mr. JAMES @proposed working under inspection, with the certainty of 7s. 6d. in the pound.-The CHAIRMAN said that he would not consent to any arrangement to release the creditors, as the long as there was a shilling to be got the full 20s. in the pound, if it can be obtained.-Mr. JAMES Oh, that's hor- rible it's eternal slavery I never will recommend my clients to that I shall go for this, 10s. in the pound, guaranteed by inspection, and the mines being there. I'll have that cursed furnace blown out. Roars of laughter -At this point the meeting expressed an opinion that the furnace should be blown out.-@Mr. BAILEY said, if the furnace is blown out we shall not be able to sell the coal. -Mr. MORRIS said that they had lost 10s. per ton by making pig-iron at the present time they had orders in for hammers and an- vils, which were pro@ﬁtable.-Mr. MOORE proposed a reso- lution that the @ﬁrm go on under inspection for two years, paying a composition of 10s. in the pound this was nega- tived.-The CHAIRMAN complained that nothing particular had been submitted to the meeting a division was again taken on the question of bankruptcy @ﬁve held up their hands for and @ﬁve against it but many gentlemen did not vote. -Mr. JAMES Well, the estate is in the Bankruptcy Court unless you accept my proposition. 10s. in the pound in three years.-Mr. ROBINSON Let us know what Mr. James means.-The CHAIRMAN We had better have a resolution of bankruptcy, and a messenger go in at once. -Mr. JAMES That's dust and ashes,@gentlemen. Laughter. -Finally, the following resolution was carried It is the opinion of this meeting that the estate of Thomas Morris and Sons should be wound up in bankruptcy and that application be made to the Court for a messenger to be put in possession forthwith. -Mr. JAMES said he held himself bound by the resolution, and would apply for the messenger himself. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. A meeting of Messrs. Motteram and Deeley's creditors was held yesterday, Mr. CHURCHILL in the chair. The liabilities, according to the statement prepared by Mr. Percivall, were declared to be £59,562., assets £19,990. -The CHAIRMAN stated that in November, 1855, the @ﬁrm stopped and showed a surplus of £12,596. so that in addition to this, there was a loss in two years of £40,000. he was assured, however, by Mr. Percivall, that the surplus two years since was a fallacy.-Mr. ROBINSON said that at all events it was a pretty com- mentary on allowing insolvent estates to go on.-Mr. FIRMSTONE said that the valuation of assets had shown a further depreciation, and he was afraid the assets would not realise more than twelve or thirteen thousand pounds. -The CHAIRMAN #### the a@ﬀair was in a very bad plight and as soon as the present orders were disposed of, the sooner the estate was wound up the better, realising as much as possible at the least possible expense.-Mr. PERCIVALL, the accountant, said the books had been well kept, and that Mr. Deeley had drawn out £800. in two years, and Mr. Motteram £900.-The CHAIRMAN said that £3,900. had been paid for discounts in this estate in two years another creditor remarked that there had been several cross bills.-A resolution was passed by which the estate is to be wound up under the private arrangement clauses of the ############################################### hair dresser, residing at ############# returning home from Bilston about nine o'clock ################################## men near the ######### the Great Western Railway Station, and there ######################## He sustained great personal ################################## be brought up for ######### to-morrow. Their names are Jonathan Armstrong ###################################################################################################################################################### c.-Yesterday the show of meat ################ to be equal in all respects to that of last ####################### we may just notice that the ##################### @ﬁne at Mr. Maurice's, Mr. Warren's, Mr. ################ at @Mr. Satterth waite's establishments. WALSALL. ########## GUARDIANS.-The ########################### prevented this week by ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### stone-breaking, or go into ############################# by Mr. Gri@@ﬃn, ################################################# accepted. Mr. Eyland, ################################## the Clerk, ################################################################################################################################################################################### a quantity of bacon, half a green cheese, two bottles of British wines, @ﬁve pounds of butter, a ################################# rabbit, and other property, to the value of about £2. 10s. ################################## the Petty Sessions here, on the 22nd instant, Thomas Sedgwick, a notorious poacher, was charged before W. Harrison and J. Bealey, Esqrs., by Inspector Price, with stealing thirteen geese and twenty-@ﬁve fowls from the premises of Mr. John Timmins, farmer, Aston, on the night of the 17th inst. Sedgwick, who at one time resided in Walsall, has been for some time the leader of a gang of determined po@achers. He was ######## by @@Mr. Price early in the morning after the robbery, as ###### own house with his booty. In his possession were found a jemmy and a heavy spike. Although he has been styled a poacher, Sedgwick does not seem ever to have had very clear notions as to what in strictness ought to be considered game. In one instance he gets committed for stealing a quantity of ham then he is caught with @ﬁfteen brace of partridges another time Inspector Price collars him with sixty-two geese, ducks, and barn-door fowls in his possession and he has been in gaol for smashing a fellow, in short, who is ready for anything, from pitch and toss to man- slaughter. On this occasion he was fully committed on the charge of felony.-Joseph Bradley Smith, publican, Aldridge, and David Pettey, beerhouse-keeper, Ryecroft Hill, were @ﬁned, the former in £1. and expenses, the latter in £3. and expenses, for breaches of license and Edward Mathews and Thomas Cook, puddlers, charged with steaiing a couple of fowls, the property of Joseph Bennett, Great Barr, were let o@ﬀ on payment of the worth of the fowls and the expenses of the prosecution, on the plea that they had taken them away in a drunken spree. WILLENHALL. ###################### the Police Court, yesterday, before the Rev. G. H. Fisher and R. D. Gough, Esq., Edwin Jones, who two years ago left his master's employ, Mr. Silvester Read, lock- smith, was charged, on a remand, with neglect of work. Mr. Clay@don, barrister, appeared on behalf of the complainant, and Mr. Shipman for the defendant. He was committed for three months, with hard labour.-Frederick Bloore, for absenting him- self from his master's service, was committed for one month. ######################## morning, some impudent thieves stole from the hen-pen of Mr. Thomas Harper, of Willenhall, nine- teen fowls, thirteen hens, six cocks, two ducks, and a drake. At present the depredators are at large. ########################### annual supply of Christmas meat was made yesterday, and if anything it surpassed that of last year. The leading butchers seemed to vie with each other, par- ticularly so on the part of Mr. Smith, Mr. Walter, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Baker. Their supply was plentiful, and of a superior character. The supply of poultry exhibited by Mr. Satterthwaite and Mr. Mason was very @ﬁne, and of great variety. WEST BROMWICH. ########################################## have already given the full facts of this melancholy case. An inquest was commenced on the body of Collins on Saturday last, at the Spon Lane Tavern, Mr. S. Underhill's, before G. H. Hinchli@ﬀe, Esq., and that was adjourned until Wednesday last. We note in this state of things, that after hearing the evidence of Mr. Davies, surgeon, who under the Coroner's precept had made a post-mortem@ examination of the body of Mr. Collins, the Jury, under Mr. Hinchli@ﬀe's direction, returned a verdict that death had ensued from disease of the heart. It is unfortunately clear that deceased, formerly in very good circumstances, has for some years given him- self up to habits of intemperance, and at the adjourned inquest, from the testimony of a little girl, named Sarah Howley, it was shown that Mr. Collins was at the Cross Guns, in Oldbury, so late as eleven o'clock on the night of his melancholy death, and was then very much intoxicated. This case has excited much painful interest in West Bromwich, the more so from the fact that the widow of deceased, left with @ﬁve children, is herself not a sober woman. STOURBRIDGE. ############################## annual examination of the pupils of the above school took place on Wednesday, in the Corn Exchange, Stourbridge, and a highly respectable and numer- ous gathering of the inhabitants of the town and neighbourhood testi@ﬁed to the interest taken in the ceremony. The chair was occupied by the Rev. J. W. Grier, Incumbent of Amblecote, and addresses were delivered by the Chairman, the Rev. H. Chester, Independent, and others. The boys, of whom there were about seventy, varying from seven years to eighteen years of age, were examined in the following branches Scripture and French, by Mr. Philip Marks, the principal of the establishment the theory and practice of vocal music, by Mr. J. Bourne, musical professor in English history, English grammar, and Latin, by Mr. J. E. Marks, Head Master of the Hackney School, near London in geography, by Mr. W. England, of Wollaston and in the drill and sword exercises, by their drill master, Mr. H. Bird, late band and drill sergeant of the Fourth Light Dragoons. The clever way ############################################################### possible and in the event of disputes between the old and new creditors, the opinion of counsel to be taken. -The Dudley and West Bromwich Bank have power to appoint an inspector. The Toll End Works are mortgaged for £25,000., on which other creditors have security. District News. DUDLEY. Two ############################# sensation was pro- duced in Wolverhampton Street yesterday, by two women named Collonen Du@ﬀy, aged about @ﬁfty years, and Catherine Du@ﬀy, aged about twenty, being found dead in their bed. They were the wife and daughter of a man named Luke Du@ﬀy, a shoemaker, who lives in a small house in Wolverhampton Street, and opposite the end of Chapel Street. The wife had been slightly indisposed for about a fortnight, having su@ﬀered from a cold. She however was almost as well as usual at eleven o'clock on Wednesday night when she went to bed. The daughter, a healthy robust young woman, who had never had a day's illness in her life, retired at about twelve. The deceased slept together in a back bed room, and they ########### sleeping in the room. ############## males slept in the adjoining ############## got up at six o'clock on Thursday morning, and as usual ######################################################################################################################### into the back room to arouse his sister. He found, however@ that both were perfectly siill and apparently lifeless, and aroused ############################################################# that ########## evidently been dead for some time. Their countenances ##################################################### The adjourned meeting of the creditors of Messrs. Thomas Morris and Son was held yesterday at Dee's Hotel, Mr. GEORGE SKEY in the chair. An estimated valuation of the mining properties was read by Mr. BRADLEY, the valuation having been made by that gentleman and Mr. Lloyd, Lloyd, Foster, and Co. In this estimate it appeared that a sum of £12,246. might be realised by letting the mines for working for eighteen months, at the expiration of which time it was estimated that two of the pits would be worked out against this there would be charges amounting to £4,500., leaving something like £7,700. for division amongst the creditors. At the end of the time named the mines and machinery might be sold, and the creditors get what they could.-Mr. ############### asked whether the bank would assent to that arrangement they were the mortgagees, and nothing could be done without their con- sent.-Mr. JAMES said he did not represent the bank, but he assumed that if the mines were let the bank would take all. If the mines were worked for the bene@ﬁt of the estate an arrangement with the bank might pos- sibly be entered into. The question was what pro@ﬁt would be beyond the royalty the di@ﬀerence was be- tween working and letting on royalty.-The CHAIRMAN said that in the estimate of expenses they had allowed £1,500. a year for depreciation on their property.-Mr. ROBINSON said that it would be a waste of time to discuss the question until they knew what the mortgagees would do.-The CHAIRMAN said that he thought there would be no di@@ﬃculty about an arrangement with the ################################################ the bed clothes were not at all ru@ﬀled. An alarm was made, and Dr. David Johnson was sent for, but that gentleman could of course do nothing. An inquest will be held on Saturday. OLDBURY. ########################## Wednesday, before Edward Chance, Esq., a man named Ralph Pilling, about forty years of age, a navvy, of Old Hill, was charged with breaking into the house of Joseph Collins, a labourer, residing near the Whimsey Bridge, in Hales Owen Street, and stealing therefrom one tame rabbit, valued 2s. 6d. The house was broken into at twelve o'clock on Tuesday night by the latch being forced. The rabbit was running about the house, and was afterwards missed. The wife and eight children were in bed at the time, and heard a noise below, but were too much frightened to come down. The husband was out. When the noise ceased the wife came down, and gave an alarm. Some of the neighbours went in pursuit of the robber, and overtook the pri- soner half a mile from the house. He was then drunk, ###### too@k him back to ### when the accused, producing the rabbit out of one his pockets, allowed it to slide down his leg to the ground, and it then ran away, but was afterwards caught. Police-constable Bradshaw being on duty near the place, was sent for, and took the prisoner into custody. The prisoner, who knew what he was about, told the o@@ﬃcer he had been looking for lodgings that he had not seen any b-@rabbit, and that if he had he would have killed it. He added, Now I've got lodgings for the night. He was a total stranger to the people of the house. It was said the prisoner had recently been at work at the Water Works, Lich@ﬁeld, and was in Oldbury looking after work. He was committed for trial at the next W@orcester Assizes. ######################## evening, the 24th inst., an inquest was held at the Malt Shovel public house, Oldbury, by R. Docker, Esq., on the body of John C@asey, aged about forty-@ﬁve, who died on the 22nd inst.@, from injuries he received on the 3rd, while at work at a stone-pit at the Lyttelton Hall Colliery, belonging to Mr. Dawes, in the parish of West Bromwich. The deceased was at work with other men, and while the latter were at dinner, he went with a naked candle into a part of the mine where he had been at work, and shortly afterwards the men, by a sudden gust of wind, became aware that an explosion had taken place. On proceeding to the spot, they found Casey lying in the road very much burnt. He was taken up the pit and carried home, but died in about a fortnight from the e@ﬀect of the burns. It was said that very little sulphur had accumulated and that the explosion was right in the current of air. But the witnesses stated that the ventilation was su@@ﬃcient, and it was supposed that the sulphur accumulated near a sudden slip of the mine. This being a stone-pit, the Government Inspector was not present. The Jury returned a verdict of Accidental death. BRIERLEY HILL. ############################################ Osland, a miner, was charged yesterday, before J. Leigh, Esq., with stealing a jacket, the property of a man named William Salter. The men worked at a pit at Kingswinford, and on the 14th the jacket was missed from the hovel. The prisoner told the prosecutor some days before that he should steal the jacket some night, and after it was missed the prisoner was seen wearing it. The prisoner, for whom Mr. Burbury appeared, elected to be tried at the Sessions, and was then committed. THE ################ £40.-The man Thomas Williams, who was charged on Monday, at Wordsley, with stealing £40., the pro- perty of Thomas Willshire, of Rowley, three years ago, was again charged yesterday, before John Leigh, Esq., but as the additional evidence was not forthcoming, the prisoner was remanded to Wol- verhampton, on Wednesday next. in which the boys acquitted themselves in each department was greatly admired, and fully corroborated the remarks of Mr. Grier and Mr. Chester in reference to the e@@ﬃciency of the system adopted ###################################################### their principal. It was stated that the ############## prizes awarded them this year by the Government Depart- ment of Science and Art for drawing. The Chairman announced his attention of awarding for the next examination, at Mid- summer, two prizes of the value of 10s. 6d. and 5s. respectively, to the boys of the school. The company separated, highly delighted with the way in which they had spent the afternoon. KIDDERMINSTER. ################################## the Borough Police O@@ﬃce, yesterday, Thursday, a currier, named Henry Sheward, was brought before the Mayor, J. Batham, and W. B. Best, Esqrs, on the charge of cutting and wounding Augustus King. Prosecutor was foreman to Messrs. Clarke, curriers, of this town, where the prisoner had been employed up to last Saturday week, when he was discharged, owing to the dull state of the trade. He appeared convinced that the dismissal was the act of the foreman, and ever since he has held out threats towards him. On the previous night the prosecutor met Sheward near to Chapel Street. The prisoner asked if he was to be employed again, and being answered in the negative, he repeated his threat. He walked by the side of King till they arrived at a cark part of the street, when he exclaimed, I'll have six months for you and with these words struck King a violent blow upon the back of the head, which made him reel. While reeling. King received a savage blow on the eye, which felled him. The prisoner repeating his threats, kicked and beat the prosecutor brutally till the cries of the latter brought several persons to the spot, when Sheward made o@ﬀ. To-day, his only regret was that he had not given the prosecutor more. The surgeon, Mr. Hillman, was of opinion that the wounds were not such as would have resulted from blows by the @ﬁst, but had been in@ﬂicted by some hard instrument. Prisoner was then committed for trial at the next Assizes. TAMWORTH. ################################### Saturday, before Major Bamford and J. Bramall, Esq., George Goodwin, a police-@ oﬃcer belonging to the Warwickshire Constabulary, was charged by a man of the name of Ellis with striking him with his sta@ﬀ and knocking him down, by which his head was severely cut, and he was rendered insensible. It appeared in evidence that there was a tea drinking and dance at a public house in Kingsbury, to cele- brate the marriage of one of the farmers in the neighbourhood. Goodwin, the o@@ﬃcer charged, passing at the time, went into the inn and staid there he stayed, at the landlord's request, from about eleven o'clock till one o'clock in the morning, when the party broke up.-Sarah Ellis, sister of the complainant, said that she saw Goodwin strike one of the party as they were all leaving, and her brother remarked to the man thus struck, Come away Ra@ﬀerty, you can make him remember this, when Goodwin turned and gave Ellis the blow which caused the injury complained of, Sub-Inspector Mare cross-examined this witness to ascertain whether any further provocation had been given to Goodwin which might have led him to commit the act, but the witness stated that she was present at the time, and her brother did not strike or speak to the defendant, but only to the man Ra@ﬀerty. In defence the man Goodwin said that Ra@ﬀerty was disorderly, and that Ellis took his part, and struck and kicked him Goodwin, several times and he called a witness of the name of Isaac Watts, but this @@man said he did not see the row commence, and could not tell who struck the @ﬁrst blow. He also admitted that he was not sober, and both he and Goodwin were down on the ground. The Magistrates convicted the defendant in a @ﬁne of £1. and costs. ################################## Wednesday, before Major Bamford and J. Bramall, Esq., Abraham Arme, jun., was charged with embezzling various sums of money, the property of Mr. W. Adcock, his employer. Mr. William Adcock stated I carry on business as a miller, at Kingsbury, and at the Castle Mill, Tamworth. The prisoner is in my employ. It was his duty to take @ﬂour and deliver it to my cus- tomers, receive accounts, and pay the moneys to me. I produce a number of receipts which have been handed to me by one of ###################### signed by the prisoner for money amounting to upwards of £37., which he has not accounted for. Elizabeth Wiggan, who carries on business as a @ﬂour seller, swore to the payment of the sums mentioned on the receipts produced. James Storer, of Wig- ginton, ##################################### proved had not been accounted for. There were other cases not gone into, making the total sum of the prisoner's defalcations to amount to £136. Thomas Groom stated that on Friday last, the prisoner gave him- self into his custody for keeping back his master's money. He was committed to take his trial at the Sessions at both Warwick and Sta@ﬀord, the two cases proved having occurred in the two counties. #################### Wednesday, before Samnel Hanson, Esq., Mayor, and E. B. Hamel, Esq., Patrick Devaney, a labourer, from Bilston, was charged by Peter Powis, also a labourer, with stabbing him with a knife. The complainant stated that he and the prisoner, with two other men, were together on Sunday evening last, and were drinking. A slight quarrel arose in the @ﬁrst instance between the prisoner and the other men. The com- plainant appears to have given some o@ﬀence to the prisoner in connection with these men, and the prisoner followed the com- plainant into another public-house, and in@ﬂicted the wounds referred to. The trousers of the complainant were produced in Court, and were very much cut and very bloody. The Magistrates considering that there was some provocation given by the com- plainant, decided to treat the case as an assault, rather than as the more serious charge of cutting and wounding with intent, c., and in@ﬂicted a @ﬁne of £5., or two months' imprisonment. The money not being forthcoming, the prisoner was sent to Warwick. Printed and Published for the Proprietor, by JOHN FREDERICK FEENEY, at his O@@ﬃces, No. 38, New Street, Birmingham, ####