[OCR_toInput] BOOK II. MILTON TO THE DEATH OF DRYDEN. SECTION I. 1625-1649 . cxm. ON THE DEATH OF A FAIR INFANT, DYING OF A COUGH. O fairest flower, no sooner blown but blasted, Soft silken primrose fading timelessly, Summer's chief honour, if thou hadst outlasted Bleak Winter's force that made thy blossom dry For he, being amorous on that lovely dye That did thy cheek envermeil, thought to kiss, But killed, alas ! and then bewailed his fatal bliss. Yet can I not persuade me thou art dead, Or that thy corse corrupts in earth's dark womb, Or that thy beauties lie in wormy bed, Hid from the world in a low-delved tomb Could Heaven for pity thee so strictly doom ? Oh no ! for something in thy face did shine Above Mortality, that showed thou wast divine. Resolve me then.O Soul most surely blest, If so it be that thou these plaints dost hear, Tell me, bright spirit, where'er thou hoverest, Whether above that high first-moving sphere, Or in the Elysian fields if such there were , Written in 1625, when Milton was seventeen. The infant was the daughter of his sister, Mr -. Philips. These are stanzas 1,5. 6, io, and ir out of eleven. It was first published in 1673.
[OCR_aligned] BOOK II. MILTON TO THE DEATH OF DRYDEN. SECTION I. 1625-1649 . cx@@m. ON THE DEATH OF A FAIR INFANT, DYING OF A COUGH. O fairest flower, no sooner blown but blasted, Soft silken primrose fading timelessly, Summer's chief honour, if thou hadst outlasted Bleak Winter's force that made thy blossom dry For he, being amorous on that lovely dye That did thy cheek envermeil, thought to kiss, But killed, alas ! and then bewailed his fatal bliss. Yet can I not persuade me thou art dead, Or that thy corse corrupts in earth's dark womb, Or that thy beauties lie in wormy bed, Hid from the world in a low-delved tomb Could Heaven for pity thee so strictly doom ? Oh no ! for something in thy face did shine Above Mortality, that showed thou wast divine. Resolve me then@.O Soul most surely blest, If so it be that thou these plaints dost hear, Tell me, bright spirit, where'er thou hoverest, Whether above that high first-moving sphere, Or in the Elysian fields if such there were , Written in 1625, when Milton was seventeen. The infant was the daughter of his sister, Mr -. Philips. These are stanzas 1,@5. 6, io, and ir out of eleven. It was first published in 1673.
[ GS_aligned] BOOK II. MILTON TO THE DEATH OF DRYDEN. SECTION I. 1625-1649 . CXIII. ON THE DEATH OF A FAIR INFANT, DYING OF A COUGH. O FAIREST flower, no sooner blown but blasted, Soft silken primrose fading timelessly, Summer's chief honour, if thou hadst outlasted Bleak Winter's force that made thy blossom dry For he, being amorous on that lovely dye That did thy cheek envermeil, thought to kiss, But killed, alas ! and then bewailed his fatal bliss. Yet can I not persuade me thou art dead, Or that thy corse corrupts in earth's dark womb, Or that thy beauties lie in wormy bed, Hid from the world in a low-delvèd tomb Could Heaven for pity thee so strictly doom ? Oh no ! for something in thy face did shine Above Mortality, that showed thou wast divine. Resolve me then, O Soul most surely blest, If so it be that thou these plaints dost hear, Tell me, bright spirit, where'er thou hoverest, Whether above that high first-moving sphere, Or in the Elysian fields if such there were , Written in 1625, when Milton was seventeen. The infant was the daughter of his sister, Mr@s. Philips. These are stanzas 1, 5, 6, 10, and 11 out of eleven. It was first published in 1673.