[OCR_toInput] SECT. III. THE PASSIONS. 309 But Oh ! how altered was its sprightlier tone. When Cheerfulness, a nymph of healthiest hue, Her bow across her shoulder flung, Her buskins gemmed with morning dew, Blew an inspiring air, that dale and thicket rung, The hunter's call, to Faun and Dryad known ! The oak-crowned sisters, and their chaste-eyed queen, Satyrs and sylvan boys, were seen Peeping from forth their alleys green Brown Exercise rejoiced to hear And Sport leaped up, and seized his beechen spear. Last came Joy's ecstatic trial He, with viny crown advancing, First to the lively pipe his hand addressed But soon he saw the brisk-awakening viol, Whose sweet entrancing voice he loved the best They would have thought who heard the strain. They saw in Tempe's vale her native maids. Amidst the festal-sounding shades, To some unwearied minstrel dancing, While, as his flying fingers kissed the strings, Love framed with Mirth a gay fantastic round Loose were her tresses seen, her zone unbound And he, amidst his frolic play, As if he would the charming air repay, Shook thousand odours from his dewy wings. O Music ! sphere-descended maid, Friend of Pleasure, Wisdom's aid ! Why, goddess, why, to us denied, Lay'st thou thy ancient lyre aside ? As in that loved Athenian bower You learned an all-commanding power, Thy mimic soul, O nymph endeared ! Can well recall what then it heard.
[OCR_aligned] SECT. III. THE PASSIONS. 309 But Oh ! how altered was its sprightlier tone. When Cheerfulness, a nymph of healthiest hue, Her bow across her shoulder flung, Her buskins gemmed with morning dew, Blew an inspiring air, that dale and thicket rung, The hunter's call, to Faun and Dryad known ! The oak-crowned sisters, and their chaste-eyed queen, Satyrs and sylvan boys, were seen Peeping from forth their alleys green Brown Exercise rejoiced to hear And Sport leaped up, and seized his beechen spear. Last came Joy's ecstatic trial He, with viny crown advancing, First to the lively pipe his hand addressed But soon he saw the brisk-awakening viol, Whose sweet entrancing voice he loved the best They would have thought who heard the strain. They saw in Tempe's vale her native maids. Amidst the festal-sounding shades, To some unwearied minstrel dancing, While, as his flying fingers kissed the strings, Love framed with Mirth a gay fantastic round Loose were her tresses seen, her zone unbound And he, amidst his frolic play, As if he would the charming air repay, Shook thousand odours from his dewy wings. O Music ! sphere-descended maid, Friend of Pleasure, Wisdom's aid ! Why, goddess, why, to us denied, Lay'st thou thy ancient lyre aside ? As in that loved Athenian bower You learned an all-commanding power, Thy mimic soul, O nymph endeared ! Can well recall what then it heard.
[ GS_aligned] ################################ Oh ! how altered was its sprightlier tone. When Cheerfulness, a nymph of healthiest hue, Her bow across her shoulder flung, Her buskins gemmed with morning dew, Blew an inspiring air, that dale and thicket rung, The hunter's call, to Faun and Dryad known ! The oak-crowned sisters, and their chaste-eyed queen, Satyrs and sylvan boys, were seen Peeping from forth their alleys green Brown Exercise rejoiced to hear And Sport leaped up, and seized his beechen spear. Last came Joy's ecstatic trial He, with viny crown advancing, First to the lively pipe his hand addressed But soon he saw the brisk-awakening viol, Whose sweet entrancing voice he loved the best They would have thought who heard the strain, They saw in Tempe's vale her native maids, Amidst the festal-sounding shades, To some unwearied minstrel dancing, While, as his flying fingers kissed the strings, Love framed with Mirth a gay fantastic round Loose were her tresses seen, her zone unbound And he, amidst his frolic play, As if he would the charming air repay, Shook thousand odours from his dewy wings. O Music ! sphere-descended maid, Friend of Pleasure, Wisdom's aid ! Why, goddess, why, to us denied, Lay'st thou thy ancient lyre aside ? As in that loved Athenian bower You learned an all-commanding power, Thy mimic soul, O nymph endeared ! Can well recall what then it heard.