[OCR_toInput] BOOK IV. THE NINETEENTH CENTURY. SECTION I. i798 -i824 . CCXXLIX. FROM LINES COMPOSED ABOVE TINTERN ABBEY. I have learned To look on Nature, not as in the hour Of thoughtless youth, but hearing oftentimes The still sad music of humanity, Nor harsh nor grating, but of ample power To chasten and subdue. And I have felt A presence that disturbs me with the joy Of elevated thoughts a sense sublime Of something far more deeply interfused, Whose dwelling is the light of setting suns And the round ocean, and the living air, And the blue sky, and in the mind of man A motion and a spirit that impels All thinking things, all objects of all thought, And rolls through all things. Therefore am I still A lover of the meadows and the woods And mountains, and of all that we behold From this green earth of all the mighty world Of eye and ear, both what they half create And what perceive well pleased to recognise In nature, and the language of the sense, The anchor of my purest thoughts, the nurse, In 1798 appeared Lyrical Ballads by Wordsworth and Coleridge, the principal contribution of the latter being the Rime of the Ancient Mariner and by Wordsworth, Lines composed a few miles above Tintcrn, on revisiting the Banks of the Wye during a tour, fitly 13, 1798.
[OCR_aligned] BOOK IV. THE NINETEENTH CENTURY. SECTION I. i798 -i824 . CCXXLIX. FROM LINES COMPOSED ABOVE TINTERN ABBEY. I have learned To look on Nature, not as in the hour Of thoughtless youth, but hearing oftentimes The still sad music of humanity, Nor harsh nor grating, but of ample power To chasten and subdue. And I have felt A presence that disturbs me with the joy Of elevated thoughts a sense sublime Of something far more deeply interfused, Whose dwelling is the light of setting suns And the round ocean, and the living air, And the blue sky, and in the mind of man A motion and a spirit that impels All thinking things, all objects of all thought, And rolls through all things. Therefore am I still A lover of the meadows and the woods And mountains, and of all that we behold From this green earth of all the mighty world Of eye and ear, both what they half create And what perceive well pleased to recognise In nature, and the language of the sense, The anchor of my purest thoughts, the nurse, In 1798 appeared Lyrical Ballads by Wordsworth and Coleridge, the principal contribution of the latter being the Rime of the Ancient Mariner and by Wordsworth, Lines composed a few miles above Tintcrn, on revisiting the Banks of the Wye during a tour, fitly 13, 1798.
[ GS_aligned] BOOK IV. THE NINETEENTH CENTURY. SECTION I. 1798 -1824 . CCXXLIX. FROM LINES COMPOSED ABOVE TINTERN ABBEY. I HAVE learned To look on Nature, not as in the hour Of thoughtless youth, but hearing oftentimes The still sad music of humanity, Nor harsh nor grating, but of ample power To chasten and subdue. And I have felt A presence that disturbs me with the joy Of elevated thoughts a sense sublime Of something far more deeply interfused, Whose dwelling is the light of setting suns And the round ocean, and the living air, And the blue sky, and in the mind of man A motion and a spirit that impels All thinking things, all objects of all thought, And rolls through all things. Therefore am I still A lover of the meadows and the woods And mountains, and of all that we behold From this green earth of all the mighty world Of eye and ear, both what they half create And what perceive well pleased to recognise In nature, and the language of the sense, The anchor of my purest thoughts, the nurse, In 1798 appeared Lyrical Ballads by Wordsworth and Coleridge, the principal contribution of the latter being the Rime of the Ancient Mariner and by Wordsworth, Lines composed a few miles above Tintern, on revisiting the Banks of the Wye daring a tour, @July 13, 1798.