[OCR_toInput] DOWN THE ISLANDS. INTRODUCTION. SAT down to my breakfast on the morning of the second day of April, 1S8-, with no more notion that I should find myself at dinner-time that day at sea, bound on a voyage the story of which I now propose to write, than I have, seeing that I am come in safety home again, of setting out before to-morrow to seek my fortune in the uttermost part of the mysterious country known as the Back of Beyond. On the morning in question, having slept in, as my Scotch forebears would put it, I was not surprised, on entering the dining-room, to discover that the other members of my family had already gone their several ways into the work-a-day world all except my father, who was standing by the win-dow, whence, from time to time, he cast weather-wise glances aloft, blinking and frowning at as angry a sky as had ever scowled back at him on any morning all winter long between Thanksgiving and the dreary April day whereof I am writing. According to calendars and date-lines of daily newspapers the second month of spring was two days old the weather, to the con trary, bore testimony of midwinter - midwinter at its worst - with never a suggestion of springtide nor prophecy of summer if summer there was ever again to be. The temperature was of January. A
[OCR_aligned] DOWN THE ISLANDS. INTRODUCTION.@@ SAT down to my breakfast on the morning of the second day of April, 1S8-, with no more notion that I should find myself at dinner-time that day at sea, bound on a voyage the story of which I now propose to write, than I have, seeing that I am come in safety home again, of setting out before to-morrow to seek my fortune in the uttermost part of the mysterious country known as the Back of Beyond. On the morning in question, having slept in, as my Scotch forebears would put it, I was not surprised, on entering the dining-room, to discover that the other members of my family had already gone their several ways into the work-a-day world all except my father, who was standing by the win-dow, whence, from time to time, he cast weather-wise glances aloft, blinking and frowning at as angry a sky as had ever scowled back at him on any morning all winter long between Thanksgiving and the dreary April day whereof I am writing. According to calendars and date-lines of daily newspapers the second month of spring was two days old the weather, to the con trary, bore testimony of midwinter - midwinter at its worst - with never a suggestion of springtide nor prophecy of summer if summer there was ever again to be. The temperature was of January. A
[ GS_aligned] DOWN THE ISLANDS. INTRODUCTION. I SAT down to my breakfast on the morning of the second day of April, 188-, with no more notion that I should find myself at dinner-time that day at sea, bound on a voyage the story of which I now propose to write, than I have, seeing that I am come in safety home again, of setting out before to-morrow to seek my fortune in the uttermost part of the mysterious country known as the Back of Beyond. On the morning in question, having slept in, as my Scotch forebears would put it, I was not surprised, on entering the dining-room, to discover that the other members of my family had already gone their several ways into the work-a-day world all except my father, who was standing by the win-dow, whence, from time to time, he cast weather-wise glances aloft, blinking and frowning at as angry a sky as had ever scowled back at him on any morning all winter long between Thanksgiving and the dreary April day whereof I am writing. According to calendars and date-lines of daily newspapers the second month of spring was two days old the weather, to the con-trary, bore testimony of midwinter@-@midwinter at its worst@-@with never a suggestion of springtide nor prophecy of summer if summer there was ever again to be. The temperature was of January. A