[OCR_toInput] 4 DOWN THE ISLANDS. bitter wind chased dark masses of clouds relentlessly before it occasional flurries of snow, mingled with dust set free by March thaws and subsequent dry spells, choked and blinded the few, the very few, venturesome folk who hurried along the almost deserted thoroughfares of New York City. Ptheumatism and lumbago claimed their victims at the street-corners coughs and colds lurked privily, lying wait at every open door and window. Heaped in the gutters and piled high within the iron railings in front of the houses there yet remained unmelted patches and remnants of grimy snow, the cast-off rags and tatters of winter. Strange noises were to be heard overhead, where revolving chimney-tops groaned and grumbled as they turned every which way on stiffened joints shutters moaned on rusty hinges win dow-blinds banging away like batteries of artillery, threatened to fly from their fastenings to dash themselves into kindling on the icy pavements below. There was a cheerful fire of soft coal burning in the dining-room grate. As I settled myself at table my father left his place at the window, and, approaching the fireplace, laid a fair, round hickory-stick on the glowing embers, where it presently began to sing as merrily as the Perrybingle family tea-kettle. When the flames had licked the wood all over, with much hissing and smacking of lips they proceeded leisurely to devour the fragrant morsel, roaring up the chimney mean while in brave defiance of the tempest as it whistled the sparks upward to lead them a merry dance out into the cold and gloom of winter. Once more stationing himself at his point of observation my father re marked, in the confident tone of a man who had weighed well his words The Doctor will catch it this afternoon when he gets outside of Sandy Hook ! Hardly were the words spoken when an unusually violent gust, the cause of renewed groanings and sounds of woe among the chimney tops, swooping down from the roofs of the dwellings to windward of our home dashed like invisible driving spray against the window-panes. The blast roared lustily, but, failing to frighten the observer from his
[OCR_aligned] 4 DOWN THE ISLANDS. bitter wind chased dark masses of clouds relentlessly before it occasional flurries of snow, mingled with dust set free by March thaws and subsequent dry spells, choked and blinded the few, the very few, venturesome folk who hurried along the almost deserted thoroughfares of New York City. Ptheumatism and lumbago claimed their victims at the street-corners coughs and colds lurked privily, lying wait at every open door and window. Heaped in the gutters and piled high within the iron railings in front of the houses there yet remained unmelted patches and remnants of grimy snow, the cast-off rags and tatters of winter. Strange noises were to be heard overhead, where revolving chimney-tops groaned and grumbled as they turned every which way on stiffened joints shutters moaned on rusty hinges win dow-blinds banging away like batteries of artillery, threatened to fly from their fastenings to dash themselves into kindling on the icy pavements below. There was a cheerful fire of soft coal burning in the dining-room grate. As I settled myself at table my father left his place at the window, and, approaching the fireplace, laid a fair, round hickory-stick on the glowing embers, where it presently began to sing as merrily as the Perrybingle family tea-kettle. When the flames had licked the wood all over, with much hissing and smacking of lips they proceeded leisurely to devour the fragrant morsel, roaring up the chimney mean while in brave defiance of the tempest as it whistled the sparks upward to lead them a merry dance out into the cold and gloom of winter. Once more stationing himself at his point of observation my father re marked, in the confident tone of a man who had weighed well his words The Doctor will catch it this afternoon when he gets outside of Sandy Hook ! Hardly were the words spoken when an unusually violent gust, the cause of renewed groanings and sounds of woe among the chimney tops, swooping down from the roofs of the dwellings to windward of our home dashed like invisible driving spray against the window-panes. The blast roared lustily, but, failing to frighten the observer from his
[ GS_aligned] ########################## wind chased dark masses of clouds relentlessly before it occasional flurries of snow, mingled with dust set free by March thaws and subsequent dry spells, choked and blinded the few, the very few, venturesome folk who hurried along the almost deserted thoroughfares of New York City. @Rheumatism and lumbago claimed their victims at the street-corners coughs and colds lurked privily, lying wait at every open door and window. Heaped in the gutters and piled high within the iron railings in front of the houses there yet remained unmelted patches and remnants of grimy snow, the cast-off rags and tatters of winter. Strange noises were to be heard overhead, where revolving chimney-tops groaned and grumbled as they turned every which way on stiffened joints shutters moaned on rusty hinges win-dow-blinds banging away like batteries of artillery, threatened to fly from their fastenings to dash themselves into kindling on the icy pavements below. There was a cheerful fire of soft coal burning in the dining-room grate. As I settled myself at table my father left his place at the window, and, approaching the fireplace, laid a fair, round hickory-stick on the glowing embers, where it presently began to sing as merrily as the Perrybingle family tea-kettle. When the flames had licked the wood all over, with much hissing and smacking of lips they proceeded leisurely to devour the fragrant morsel, roaring up the chimney mean-while in brave defiance of the tempest as it whistled the sparks upward to lead them a merry dance out into the cold and gloom of winter. Once more stationing himself at his point of observation my father re-marked, in the confident tone of a man who had weighed well his words The Doctor will catch it this afternoon when he gets outside of Sandy Hook ! Hardly were the words spoken when an unusually violent gust, the cause of renewed groanings and sounds of woe among the chimney-tops, swooping down from the roofs of the dwellings to windward of our home dashed like invisible driving spray against the window-panes. The blast roared lustily, but, failing to frighten the observer from his