[OCR_toInput] CHAPTEE I. A VOYAGE TO THE CARIBBEES. A Sudden Start on a Sea Journey - Incidents of the Voyage - From January to June, Overcoats to Seersuckers, in Three Days- The Rising of the Southern Cross - The Course to the Caribbees - Historical Notes - A Landfall. A nipping southeaster hurtled over the East Biver, as the Barracouta swung out of her dock at the foot of Market Street, and gradually headed oceanward. The gale driving counter to the ebbing tide caught the crests of the waves, curled them backward, whipping them into foam and icy spray it whistled through the rigging of the ships, swept across the cables of the great bridge, until they droned like the chords of a titanic AEolian harp. The clouds fled away headlong be fore the pitiless storm, that whisked the steam from the vent of the Barracouta's whistle, which gave a prolonged shriek as the steamer gathered headway. A parting salute was fired, and the squall snatched the smoke from the cannon's mouth, tearing it into tatters and whirling it out of sight before the report of the discharge had startled the echoes of Washington Heights. The air became colder and colder as the steamer kept steadfastly on her way down the harbor, the storm increased in violence until it was impossible to escape from its onset in the shelter of any nook or corner on deck. The captain and pilot paced to and fro on the bridge, stamping their feet, beating their hands, blinking and wink ing ahead into the eye of the wind, from time to time turning their backs to the gale to catch breath as they rubbed their noses, already as red as the port side-light of the steamer. The man at the steering
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTEE I. A VOYAGE TO THE CARIBBEES. A Sudden Start on a Sea Journey - Incidents of the Voyage - From January to June, Overcoats to Seersuckers, in Three Days- The Rising of the Southern Cross - The Course to the Caribbees - Historical Notes - A Landfall. A nipping southeaster hurtled over the East Biver, as the Barracouta swung out of her dock at the foot of Market Street, and gradually headed oceanward. The gale driving counter to the ebbing tide caught the crests of the waves, curled them backward, whipping them into foam and icy spray it whistled through the rigging of the ships, swept across the cables of the great bridge, until they droned like the chords of a titanic AEolian harp. The clouds fled away headlong be fore the pitiless storm, that whisked the steam from the vent of the Barracouta's whistle, which gave a prolonged shriek as the steamer gathered headway. A parting salute was fired, and the squall snatched the smoke from the cannon's mouth, tearing it into tatters and whirling it out of sight before the report of the discharge had startled the echoes of Washington Heights. The air became colder and colder as the steamer kept steadfastly on her way down the harbor, the storm increased in violence until it was impossible to escape from its onset in the shelter of any nook or corner on deck. The captain and pilot paced to and fro on the bridge, stamping their feet, beating their hands, blinking and wink ing ahead into the eye of the wind, from time to time turning their backs to the gale to catch breath as they rubbed their noses, already as red as the port side-light of the steamer. The man at the steering
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER I. A VOYAGE TO THE CARIBBEES. A Sudden Start on a Sea Journey@-@Incidents of the Voyage@-@From January to June, Overcoats to Seersuckers, in Three Days-@The Rising of the Southern Cross@-@The Course to the Caribbees@-@Historical Notes@-@A Landfall. A NIPPING southeaster hurtled over the East River, as the Barracouta swung out of her dock at the foot of Market Street, and gradually headed oceanward. The gale driving counter to the ebbing tide caught the crests of the waves, curled them backward, whipping them into foam and icy spray it whistled through the rigging of the ships, swept across the cables of the great bridge, until they droned like the chords of a titanic AEolian harp. The clouds fled away headlong be-fore the pitiless storm, that whisked the steam from the vent of the Barracouta's whistle, which gave a prolonged shriek as the steamer gathered headway. A parting salute was fired, and the squall snatched the smoke from the cannon's mouth, tearing it into tatters and whirling it out of sight before the report of the discharge had startled the echoes of Washington Heights. The air became colder and colder as the steamer kept steadfastly on her way down the harbor, the storm increased in violence until it was impossible to escape from its onset in the shelter of any nook or corner on deck. The captain and pilot paced to and fro on the bridge, stamping their feet, beating their hands, blinking and wink-ing ahead into the eye of the wind, from time to time turning their backs to the gale to catch breath as they rubbed their noses, already as red as the port side-light of the steamer. The man at the steering