[OCR_toInput] AVOYAGE TO THE CARIBBEES. 9 marshal and re-form the column. Away it sped, lessening to view, until it appeared like, a mysterious flying serpent, such as ancient mariners are said often to have seen hovering in mid-air it dwindled in the distance, for a moment floated over the horizon like a film of cloud then the jaws of darkness devoured it up. At dark Long Branch was on our starboard quarter, distant eight or ten miles in the west. At bedtime Barnegat Light, just abeam, winked slyly at us, as if up to our little game and entirely approving of it, by the way of sailing away in quest of summer long before the time of the singing of birds had come to our Northern homes. The next morning we were crossing the river in the ocean, as Maury calls the Gulf Stream in his delightful book The Physical Geography of the Sea , a book that deserves to be well-thumbed by all sea-going people, whether they be shipped as sailor-men before, or passengers lehind the mast. The air was mild and spring-like, the sky, however, still threatened storm frequent rain-squalls drove us to seek shelter, but not for long at a time, in the deck-cabin, or those who found favor in the sight of our captain, into his snug official quarters under the pilot-bridge. All day the gulls that had followed us throughout the previous night hovered in our wake, uttering shrill, complaining cries. These restless beings bore us company until we came to quieter waters, where we found warmer weather and fairer skies then, like the evil voices that haunted Bunyan's Pilgrim, they went back and came no farther. When the stormy birds forsook us we were taken under the protection of other seafowl, called by sailors bo'suns, for the reason their long tail-feathers bear a fancied resemblance to marlin-spikes. Landsmen know these as man-o'-war birds, of all winged creatures the most graceful, flying so easily, wafted with so little effort from wave to cloud that one is never tired of watching them, forever cir cling and poising in mid-air. These attendant spirits accompanied us for days, until we reached the Caribbean Islands, and thence, when we were northward bound, escorted us back again to that place be-
[OCR_aligned] AVOYAGE TO THE CARIBBEES. 9 marshal and re-form the column. Away it sped, lessening to view, until it appeared like, a mysterious flying serpent, such as ancient mariners are said often to have seen hovering in mid-air it dwindled in the distance, for a moment floated over the horizon like a film of cloud then the jaws of darkness devoured it up. At dark Long Branch was on our starboard quarter, distant eight or ten miles in the west. At bedtime Barnegat Light, just abeam, winked slyly at us, as if up to our little game and entirely approving of it, by the way of sailing away in quest of summer long before the time of the singing of birds had come to our Northern homes. The next morning we were crossing the river in the ocean, as Maury calls the Gulf Stream in his delightful book The Physical Geography of the Sea , a book that deserves to be well-thumbed by all sea-going people, whether they be shipped as sailor-men before, or passengers lehind the mast. The air was mild and spring-like, the sky, however, still threatened storm frequent rain-squalls drove us to seek shelter, but not for long at a time, in the deck-cabin, or those who found favor in the sight of our captain, into his snug official quarters under the pilot-bridge. All day the gulls that had followed us throughout the previous night hovered in our wake, uttering shrill, complaining cries. These restless beings bore us company until we came to quieter waters, where we found warmer weather and fairer skies then, like the evil voices that haunted Bunyan's Pilgrim, they went back and came no farther. When the stormy birds forsook us we were taken under the protection of other seafowl, called by sailors bo'suns, for the reason their long tail-feathers bear a fancied resemblance to marlin-spikes. Landsmen know these as man-o'-war birds, of all winged creatures the most graceful, flying so easily, wafted with so little effort from wave to cloud that one is never tired of watching them, forever cir cling and poising in mid-air. These attendant spirits accompanied us for days, until we reached the Caribbean Islands, and thence, when we were northward bound, escorted us back again to that place be-
[ GS_aligned] ################################### and re-form the column. Away it sped, lessening to view, until it appeared like@ a mysterious flying serpent, such as ancient mariners are said often to have seen hovering in mid-air it dwindled in the distance, for a moment floated over the horizon like a film of cloud then the jaws of darkness devoured it up. At dark Long Branch was on our starboard quarter, distant eight or ten miles in the west. At bedtime Barnegat Light, just abeam, winked slyly at us, as if up to our little game and entirely approving of it, by the way of sailing away in quest of summer long before the time of the singing of birds had come to our Northern homes. The next morning we were crossing the river in the ocean, as Maury calls the Gulf Stream in his delightful book The Physical Geography of the Sea , a book that deserves to be well-thumbed by all sea-going people, whether they be shipped as sailor-men before, or passengers behind the mast. The air was mild and spring-like, the sky, however, still threatened storm frequent rain-squalls drove us to seek shelter, but not for long at a time, in the deck-cabin, or those who found favor in the sight of our captain, into his snug official quarters under the pilot-bridge. All day the gulls that had followed us throughout the previous night hovered in our wake, uttering shrill, complaining cries. These restless beings bore us company until we came to quieter waters, where we found warmer weather and fairer skies then, like the evil voices that haunted Bunyan's Pilgrim, they went back and came no farther. When the stormy birds forsook us we were taken under the protection of other seafowl, called by sailors bo'suns, for the reason their long tail-feathers bear a fancied resemblance to marlin-spikes. Landsmen know these as man-o'-war birds, of all winged creatures the most graceful, flying so easily, wafted with so little effort from wave to cloud that one is never tired of watching them, forever cir-cling and poising in mid-air. These attendant spirits accompanied us for days, until we reached the Caribbean Islands, and thence, when we were northward bound, escorted us back again to that place be-