[OCR_toInput] 18 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Porto Bico to the mouth of the Orinoco River, as well as the islands stretching along the north coast of Venezuela, are called the Windward Islands, or Lesser Antilles. The English apply the name West Indies to all the islands which separate the Atlantic Ocean from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, but, not content to let other nations keep a separate name to themselves, divide the group known to the rest of mankind as the Windward Islands into two lesser groups, naming the islands between Borto Bico and Martinique, the Leeward and those between Martin ique and the mouth of the Orinoco, the Windward Islands. The archi pelago thus subdivided by the British for their own convenience is also known as the Caribbean Islands. By this denomination we Ameri cans designate the series of islands which to the north includes the Virgin Islands and to the south terminates with Trinidad. We also call the entire group the Windward Islands. The most northerly of the Caribbean Islands lie about fifteen hun dred and fifty miles in a southeasterly direction from New York therefore a vessel bound to St. Christopher the destination of the Barracouta enters the Gulf Stream nearly one hundred and fifty miles from Sandy Hook, crosses this mighty current diagonally, pass ing midway between Charleston, S. C, and Hamilton, the capital of the Bermuda Islands the distance between these two seaports is, ap proximately, eight hundred miles , and enters the tropics latitude 23° fully one thousand miles to the east of the most southerly point of Florida, that is to say, in about the longitude of Halifax, Nova Scotia. On the afternoon of the sixth day of our voyage land was in sight, showing faintly against the southern sky, more to be guessed at than distinctly seen. At first we could barely make out the dim outline of the mountain -peaks of St. Martin. Not until an hour later, although lying many miles nearer to the ship, did the level, serpentine coast line of Anguilla come into view then we discovered, directly ahead of us, the barren chalk-cliffs of Sombrero faintly showing their snow-
[OCR_aligned] 18 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Porto Bico to the mouth of the Orinoco River, as well as the islands stretching along the north coast of Venezuela, are called the Windward Islands, or Lesser Antilles. The English apply the name West Indies to all the islands which separate the Atlantic Ocean from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, but, not content to let other nations keep a separate name to themselves, divide the group known to the rest of mankind as the Windward Islands into two lesser groups, naming the islands between Borto Bico and Martinique, the Leeward and those between Martin ique and the mouth of the Orinoco, the Windward Islands. The archi pelago thus subdivided by the British for their own convenience is also known as the Caribbean Islands. By this denomination we Ameri cans designate the series of islands which to the north includes the Virgin Islands and to the south terminates with Trinidad. We also call the entire group the Windward Islands. The most northerly of the Caribbean Islands lie about fifteen hun dred and fifty miles in a southeasterly direction from New York therefore a vessel bound to St. Christopher the destination of the Barracouta enters the Gulf Stream nearly one hundred and fifty miles from Sandy Hook, crosses this mighty current diagonally, pass ing midway between Charleston, S. C@, and Hamilton, the capital of the Bermuda Islands the distance between these two seaports is, ap proximately, eight hundred miles , and enters the tropics latitude 23° fully one thousand miles to the east of the most southerly point of Florida, that is to say, in about the longitude of Halifax, Nova Scotia. On the afternoon of the sixth day of our voyage land was in sight, showing faintly against the southern sky, more to be guessed at than distinctly seen. At first we could barely make out the dim outline of the mountain -peaks of St. Martin. Not until an hour later, although lying many miles nearer to the ship, did the level, serpentine coast line of Anguilla come into view then we discovered, directly ahead of us, the barren chalk-cliffs of Sombrero faintly showing their snow-
[ GS_aligned] ########################## Rico to the mouth of the Orinoco River, as well as the islands stretching along the north coast of Venezuela, are called the Windward Islands, or Lesser Antilles. The English apply the name West Indies to all the islands which separate the Atlantic Ocean from the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, but, not content to let other nations keep a separate name to themselves, divide the group known to the rest of mankind as the Windward Islands into two lesser groups, naming the islands between Porto Rico and Martinique, the Leeward and those between Martin-ique and the mouth of the Orinoco, the Windward Islands. The archi-pelago thus subdivided by the British for their own convenience is also known as the Caribbean Islands. By this denomination we Ameri-cans designate the series of islands which to the north includes the Virgin Islands and to the south terminates with Trinidad. We also call the entire group the Windward Islands. The most northerly of the Caribbean Islands lie about fifteen hun-dred and fifty miles in a southeasterly direction from New York therefore a vessel bound to St. Christopher the destination of the Barracouta enters the Gulf Stream nearly one hundred and fifty miles from Sandy Hook, crosses this mighty current diagonally, pass-ing midway between Charleston, S. C., and Hamilton, the capital of the Bermuda Islands the distance between these two seaports is, ap-proximately, eight hundred miles , and enters the tropics latitude 23° fully one thousand miles to the east of the most southerly point of Florida, that is to say, in about the longitude of Halifax, Nova Scotia. On the afternoon of the sixth day of our voyage land was in sight, showing faintly against the southern sky, more to be guessed at than distinctly seen. At first we could barely make out the dim outline of the mountain@-peaks of St. Martin. Not until an hour later, although lying many miles nearer to the ship, did the level, serpentine coast-line of Anguilla come into view then we discovered, directly ahead of us, the barren chalk-cliffs of Sombrero faintly showing their snow-