[OCR_toInput] THE AftfriORSMITH .0 LIKE AEina's dread volcano see the ample forge Large heaps upon large heaps of jetty fuel gorge, While salamander like the ponderous anchor lies, xlurted with vivid fire thro' all its pores that flies. The dingy anchorsmiths, to renovate theirjstrength, Stretch'd out in death-like sleep lie snoring at their length, Waiting the master's signal, when the tackle's force Shall like split rocks the anchor from the fire divorce. TO THE WEST, TO THE WEST. London - H. P. SUCH, Machine Printer Publisher, 177, Union-street, Borough, S.E. TO the West ! to the West ! to the land of the free, Where mighty Missouri rolls down to the sea, Where a man is a man if he's willing to toil And the humblest may gather the fruits of the soil Where children are blessings, and he who hath most, His aid for his fortune and riches to boast Where the young may exult, and the aged may rest, Away, far away, to the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! c. To the West ! to the West ! where rivers that flow, Run thousands of miles, spreading out as they go, Where the green waving forests shall echo our call, As wide as old England and free to us all Where the praries like seas, where the billows have rolled, Are broad as the kingdoms and empires of old, And the lakes are like oceans in storm or in rest, Away, far away, to the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! c. To the West, to the West ! there is wealth to be won, The forest to clear is the work to be done We'll try it, we'll do it, and never despair, While there's light in the sunshine, and breath in the air The bold independence that labour shall buy, Shall strengthen our hands and forbid us to sigh Away, far away, let us hope for the best, And build up a home in the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! c. ♦®s ©Si. ## While as old Vulcan's cvclops did the anvil bang, In deaf ning concert shall their pond'rous hammers clang, And into symmetry the mass incongruous heat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet. Now as more vivid and intense each splinter flies, The temper of the fire the skilful master tries, And as the dingy hue assumes a brilliant red, The heated anchor feeds the fire on which it fed. The huge sledge hammers round in order they arrange, And waking anchorsmiths await the looked for change, Longing with all fheirforcetheardentmassto smite. Then issuing from the fire array'd in dazzling white. And as old Vulcan's cvclops did the anvil bang, To make in concert rude their pond'rous hammers clang, The rude misshapen lump to symmetry they beat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet. The preparation thickens, with forks the , fire thev goad, .a And now twelve anchorsmiths the heaving bellows load While armed from every danger, and in grim array, Anxious as howling demons waiting for their prey. The forge the anchor yields from out its fiery maw, Which on the anvil prone, the cavern shouts, hurrah ! And now the scorch'd beholders want the power to gaze, Faint with its heat, and dazzled with its powerful rays. While as old Vulcan's cvclops did the anvil bang, To forge Jove's thunderbolts their pond'rous ham-mers clang, And till its fire's extinct the monstrous mass they beat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet.
[OCR_aligned] THE AftfriORSMITH .0 LIKE AEina's dread volcano see the ample forge Large heaps upon large heaps of jetty fuel gorge, While salamander like the ponderous anchor lies, xlurted with vivid fire thro' all its pores that flies. The dingy anchorsmiths, to renovate theirjstrength, Stretch'd out in death-like sleep lie snoring at their length, Waiting the master's signal, when the tackle's force Shall like split rocks the anchor from the fire divorce. TO THE WEST, TO THE WEST. London - H. P. SUCH, Machine Printer Publisher, 177, Union-street, Borough, S.E. T@O the West ! to the West ! to the land of the free, Where mighty Missouri rolls down to the sea, Where a man is a man if he's willing to toil And the humblest may gather the fruits of the soil Where children are blessings, and he who hath most, His aid for his fortune and riches to boast Where the young may exult, and the aged may rest, Away, far away, to the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! c. To the West ! to the West ! where rivers that flow, Run thousands of miles, spreading out as they go, Where the green waving forests shall echo our call, As wide as old England and free to us all Where the praries like seas, where the billows have rolled, Are broad as the kingdoms and empires of old, And the lakes are like oceans in storm or in rest, Away, far away, to the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! c. To the West, to the West ! there is wealth to be won, The forest to clear is the work to be done We'll try it, we'll do it, and never despair, While there's light in the sunshine, and breath in the air The bold independence that labour shall buy, Shall strengthen our hands and forbid us to sigh Away, far away, let us hope for the best, And build up a home in the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! c. ♦®s ©Si. ## While as old Vulcan's cvclops did the anvil bang, In deaf ning concert shall their pond'rous hammers clang, And into symmetry the mass incongruous heat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet. Now as more vivid and intense each splinter flies, The temper of the fire the skilful master tries, And as the dingy hue assumes a brilliant red, The heated anchor feeds the fire on which it fed. The huge sledge hammers round in order they arrange, And waking anchorsmiths await the looked for change, Longing with all fheir@force@the@ardent@mass@to smite. Then issuing from the fire array'd in dazzling white. And as old Vulcan's cvclops did the anvil bang, To make in concert rude their pond'rous hammers clang, The rude misshapen lump to symmetry they beat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet. The preparation thickens, with forks the , fire thev goad, .a And now twelve anchorsmiths the heaving bellows load While armed from every danger, and in grim array, Anxious as howling demons waiting for their prey. The forge the anchor yields from out its fiery maw, Which on the anvil prone, the cavern shouts, hurrah ! And now the scorch'd beholders want the power to gaze, Faint with its heat, and dazzled with its powerful rays. While as old Vulcan's cvclops did the anvil bang, To forge Jove's thunderbolts their pond'rous ham-mers clang, And till its fire's extinct the monstrous mass they beat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet.
[ GS_aligned] THE ############# @L @IKE AEtna's dread volcano see the ample forge Large heaps upon large heaps of jetty fuel gorge, While salamander like the ponderous anchor lies, Glutted with vivid fire thro' all its pores that flies. The dingy anchorsmiths, to renovate their strength, Stretch'd out in death-like sleep lie snoring at their length, Waiting the master's signal, when the tackle's force Shall like split rocks the anchor from the fire divorce. ##################################### P. SUCH, Machine Printer Publisher, 177, Union-street, Borough,ES@T. T O the West ! to the West ! to the land of the free, Where mighty Missouri rolls down to the sea, Where a man is a man if he's willing to toil And the humblest may gather the fruits of the soil Where children are blessings, and he who hath most, His aid for his fortune and riches to boast Where the young may exult, and the aged may rest, Away, far away, to the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! c. To the West ! to the West ! where rivers that flow, Run thousands of miles, spreading out as they go, Where the green waving forests shall echo our call, As wide as old England and free to us all Where the praries like seas, where the billows have rolled, Are broad as the kingdoms and empires of old, And the lakes are like oceans in storm or in rest, Away, far away, to the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! c. To the West, to the West ! there is wealth to be won, The forest to clear is the work to be done We'll try it, we'll do it, and never despair, While there's light in the sunshine, and breath in the air The bold independence that labour shall buy, Shall strengthen our hands and forbid us to sigh Away, far away, let us hope for the best, And build up a home in the land of the West ! To the West ! to the West ! #################### as old Vulcan's cyclops did the anvil bang, In deaf'ning concert shall their pond'rous hammers clang, And into symmetry the mass incongruous beat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet. Now as more vivid and intense each splinter flies, The temper of the fire the skilful master tries, And as the dingy hue assumes a brilliant red, The heated anchor feeds the fire on which it fed. The huge sledge hammers round in order they arrange, And waking anchorsmiths await the looked for change, Longing with all their force the ardent mass to smite, Then issuing from the fire array'd in dazzling white. And as old Vulcan's cyclops did the anvil bang, To make in concert rude their pond'rous hammers clang, The rude misshapen lump to symmetry they beat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet. The preparation thickens, with forks the @@fire they goad, @A@@nd now twelve anchorsmiths the heaving bellows load While armed from every danger, and in grim array, Anxious as howling demons waiting for their prey. The forge the anchor yields from out its fiery maw, Which on the anvil prone, the cavern shouts, hurrah ! And now the scorch'd beholders want the power to gaze, Faint with its heat, and dazzled with its powerful rays. While as old Vulcan's cyclops did the anvil bang, To forge Jove's thunderbolts their pond'rous ham-mers clang, And till its fire's extinct the monstrous mass they beat, To save from adverse winds and waves the gallant British fleet.