[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER II. AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. The Northern Caribbees- Anguilla- Its ' ' Wild Irish Settlers and Present Inhabitants -St. Martin, a Franco-Dutch Island- St. Bartholomew- Saba, a Crater Shipyard - St. Eustatius- Arrival at St. Christopher. VEB the blue water of the Carib-bean Sea the Barracouta held her way, going along a good ten knots, rolling easily with a gentle mo-tion that lulled even the most alert and open-eyed of her passengers into moments of comfortable for-getfulness. Several times during the afternoon I caught myself dropping off, and the Doctor that evening explained his appearance on deck, long after his customary bedtime, by admitting that between luncheon and dinner-time he had on four or five different occasions managed to get forty winks. As for the Salmagundian, he frankly announced that there was no use trying to keep his eyes open, and to the best of my recollection he did not trj7. Several times, indeed , he aroused himself long enough to study the poses of his fellow-passengers as they lay promiscu ous, lapped in balmy sleep on the deck, or lolled in deck-chairs, too charmed to read or talk, too comfortable to move, some of them
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER II. AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. The Northern Caribbees- Anguilla- Its ' ' Wild Irish Settlers and Present Inhabitants -St. Martin, a Franco-Dutch Island- St. Bartholomew- Saba, a Crater Shipyard - St. Eustatius- Arrival at St. Christopher.@@ VEB the blue water of the Carib-bean Sea the Barracouta held her way, going along a good ten knots, rolling easily with a gentle mo-tion that lulled even the most alert and open-eyed of her passengers into moments of comfortable for-getfulness. Several times during the afternoon I caught myself dropping off, and the Doctor that evening explained his appearance on deck, long after his customary bedtime, by admitting that between luncheon and dinner-time he had on four or five different occasions managed to get forty winks. As for the Salmagundian, he frankly announced that there was no use trying to keep his eyes open, and to the best of my recollection he did not trj7. Several times, indeed , he aroused himself long enough to study the poses of his fellow-passengers as they lay promiscu ous, lapped in balmy sleep on the deck, or lolled in deck-chairs, too charmed to read or talk, too comfortable to move, some of them
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER II. AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. The Northern Caribbees-@Anguilla-@Its @@@@Wild Irish Settlers and Present Inhabitants -St. Martin, a Franco-Dutch Island-@St. Bartholomew-@Saba, a Crater Shipyard -@St. Eustatius-@Arrival at St. Christopher. O VER the blue water of the Carib-bean Sea the Barracouta held her way, going along a good ten knots, rolling easily with a gentle mo-tion that lulled even the most alert and open-eyed of her passengers into moments of comfortable for-getfulness. Several times during the afternoon I caught myself dropping off, and the Doctor that evening explained his appearance on deck, long after his customary bedtime, by admitting that between luncheon and dinner-time he had on four or five different occasions managed to get forty winks. As for the Salmagundian, he frankly announced that there was no use trying to keep his eyes open, and to the best of my recollection he did not tr@y. Several times, indeed@, he aroused himself long enough to study the poses of his fellow-passengers as they lay promiscu-ous, lapped in balmy sleep on the deck, or lolled in deck-chairs, too charmed to read or talk, too comfortable to move, some of them