[OCR_toInput] 30 DOWN THE ISLANDS. of the islands we had hitherto seen, and none we were thereafter to behold, awakened so much curiosity in my mind, or provoked such a longing to go on shore for the purpose of visiting the quaint settle ment, to study the romantic life of this strange folk, to watch them build their boats, and, if need be, bear a hand at the launching of one of the little craft as it was lowered down the cliffs, to be wet for the first time with salt-water. Alas ! I had to be content with hurrying past the place, and have therefore ever since promised myself that when my ship comes in she has been homeward bound many a year I shall put to sea again in my own pleasure-craft, lay my course for the Caribbees, land at, or rather go on board of, Saba, there to remain until the idea of dwelling on a mountain in the midst of the sea should no longer to my mind be a wonders ul experience, and one that chal lenged my especial admiration. St. Eustatius, in the early days of its settlement by the Dutch, was a most fertile and diligently cultivated settlement. Its mountain-tops were covered by a luxuriant growth of forest, and all the compass of its sides were highly productive it can hardly be credited what quan tities of tobacco it hath hitherto, and still doth yield, wrote a visitor
[OCR_aligned] 30 DOWN THE ISLANDS. of the islands we had hitherto seen, and none we were thereafter to behold, awakened so much curiosity in my mind, or provoked such a longing to go on shore for the purpose of visiting the quaint settle ment, to study the romantic life of this strange folk, to watch them build their boats, and, if need be, bear a hand at the launching of one of the little craft as it was lowered down the cliffs, to be wet for the first time with salt-water. Alas ! I had to be content with hurrying past the place, and have therefore ever since promised myself that when my ship comes in she has been homeward bound many a year I shall put to sea again in my own pleasure-craft, lay my course for the Caribbees, land at, or rather go on board of, Saba, there to remain until the idea of dwelling on a mountain in the midst of the sea should no longer to my mind be a wonders ul experience, and one that chal lenged my especial admiration. St. Eustatius, in the early days of its settlement by the Dutch, was a most fertile and diligently cultivated settlement. Its mountain-tops were covered by a luxuriant growth of forest, and all the compass of its sides were highly productive it can hardly be credited what quan tities of tobacco it hath hitherto, and still doth yield, wrote a visitor
[ GS_aligned] ####################### the islands we bad hitherto seen, and none we were thereafter to behold, awakened so much curiosity in my mind, or provoked such a longing to go on shore for the purpose of visiting the quaint settle-ment, to study the romantic life of this strange folk, to watch them build their boats, and, if need be, bear a hand at the launching of one of the little craft as it was lowered down the cliffs, to be wet for the first time with salt-water. Alas ! I had to be content with hurrying past the place, and have therefore ever since promised myself that when my ship comes in she has been homeward bound many a year I shall put to sea again in my own pleasure-craft, lay my course for the Caribbees, land at, or rather go on board of, Saba, there to remain until the idea of dwelling on a mountain in the midst of the sea should no longer to my mind be a wonder@ful experience, and one that chal-lenged my especial admiration. St. Eustatius, in the early days of its settlement by the Dutch, was a most fertile and diligently cultivated settlement. Its mountain-tops were covered by a luxuriant growth of forest, and all the compass of its sides were highly productive it can hardly be credited what quan-tities of tobacco it hath hitherto, and still doth yield, wrote a visitor