[OCR_toInput] AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. 31 to Statia in 1664. At the present time it cannot be said to enjoy any degree of prosperity, and few of the descendants of the original settlers remain upon the island. Its glory has departed the soil, exhausted by reckless cultivation, yields but small return for the labor expended upon it. There is but little trade of any kind, either export or import, between the island and any other part of the world, except that annu ally a few cargoes of yams, the chief crop now raised there, are shipped away to St. Christopher or to the other neighboring colonies. Orangetown, the only town in Statia, lies on the western coast, partly on the beach, and partly on the cliffs, one hundred and fifty feet above. In front of it, antiquated Fort Orange crumbles slowly away through all these years of peace, of no more value as a defence, in time of war, as war is waged nowadays, than a breastplate of beaten iron in a battle between soldiers armed with needle-guns or Bemington rifles. St. Eustatius, or St. Eustace, as Davies the historian calls it, has been a Dutch colony ever since 1600, many years before Peter Stuyvesant governed in the New Netherlands. Once the island was temporarily in the possession of Great Britain, for in the year 17S2 Admiral Bodney, of whose name and fame the history of the Caribbean Islands, contains frequent and glorious mention, captured Statia, at the same time reducing St. Bart's, St. Martin, and almost inaccessible Saba, to subjection to the crown of Great Britain. Bodney secured by these conquests immense booty of merchandise and ships, but leaving Statia insufficiently defended, it was shortly afterward retaken by French and Dutch adventurers, and has remained in the possession of descend ants of the latter until the present time. St. Eustatius is separated from St. Christopher by a channel seven miles in width across this the Barracouta steamed after night had fallen and we had lost all view of land. The stars were shining with wonderful lustre, casting wavering reflections in the sea the water was unruffled, the wind having died away under the lee of the lofty peaks of St. Christopher. It was nearly midnight when we ran into the shadows of mighty hills and skirted along the western coast of the
[OCR_aligned] AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. 31 to Statia in 1664. At the present time it cannot be said to enjoy any degree of prosperity, and few of the descendants of the original settlers remain upon the island. Its glory has departed the soil, exhausted by reckless cultivation, yields but small return for the labor expended upon it. There is but little trade of any kind, either export or import, between the island and any other part of the world, except that annu ally a few cargoes of yams, the chief crop now raised there, are shipped away to St. Christopher or to the other neighboring colonies. Orangetown, the only town in Statia, lies on the western coast, partly on the beach, and partly on the cliffs, one hundred and fifty feet above. In front of it, antiquated Fort Orange crumbles slowly away through all these years of peace, of no more value as a defence, in time of war, as war is waged nowadays, than a breastplate of beaten iron in a battle between soldiers armed with needle-guns or Bemington rifles. St. Eustatius, or St. Eustace, as Davies the historian calls it, has been a Dutch colony ever since 1600, many years before Peter Stuyvesant governed in the New Netherlands. Once the island was temporarily in the possession of Great Britain, for in the year 17S2 Admiral Bodney, of whose name and fame the history of the Caribbean Islands, contains frequent and glorious mention, captured Statia, at the same time reducing St. Bart's, St. Martin, and almost inaccessible Saba, to subjection to the crown of Great Britain. Bodney secured by these conquests immense booty of merchandise and ships, but leaving Statia insufficiently defended, it was shortly afterward retaken by French and Dutch adventurers, and has remained in the possession of descend ants of the latter until the present time. St. Eustatius is separated from St. Christopher by a channel seven miles in width across this the Barracouta steamed after night had fallen and we had lost all view of land. The stars were shining with wonderful lustre, casting wavering reflections in the sea the water was unruffled, the wind having died away under the lee of the lofty peaks of St. Christopher. It was nearly midnight when we ran into the shadows of mighty hills and skirted along the western coast of the
[ GS_aligned] ########################### Statia in 1664. At the present time it cannot be said to enjoy any degree of prosperity, and few of the descendants of the original settlers remain upon the island. Its glory has departed the soil, exhausted by reckless cultivation, yields but small return for the labor expended upon it. There is but little trade of any kind, either export or import, between the island and any other part of the world, except that annu-ally a few cargoes of yams, the chief crop now raised there, are shipped away to St. Christopher or to the other neighboring colonies. Orangetown, the only town in Statia, lies on the western coast, partly on the beach, and partly on the cliffs, one hundred and fifty feet above. In front of it, antiquated Fort Orange crumbles slowly away through all these years of peace, of no more value as a defence, in time of war, as war is waged nowadays, than a breastplate of beaten iron in a battle between soldiers armed with needle-guns or Remington rifles. St. Eustatius, or St. Eustace, as Davies the historian calls it, has been a Dutch colony ever since 1600, many years before Peter Stuyvesant governed in the New Netherlands. Once the island was temporarily in the possession of Great Britain, for in the year 1782 Admiral Rodney, of whose name and fame the history of the Caribbean Islands, contains frequent and glorious mention, captured Statia, at the same time reducing St. Bart's, St. Martin, and almost inaccessible Saba, to subjection to the crown of Great Britain. Rodney secured by these conquests immense booty of merchandise and ships, but leaving Statia insufficiently defended, it was shortly afterward retaken by French and Dutch adventurers, and has remained in the possession of descend-ants of the latter until the present time. St. Eustatius is separated from St. Christopher by a channel seven miles in width across this the Barracouta steamed after night had fallen and we had lost all view of land. The stars were shining with wonderful lustre, casting wavering reflections in the sea the water was unruffled, the wind having died away under the lee of the lofty peaks of St. Christopher. It was nearly midnight when we ran into the shadows of mighty hills and skirted along the western coast of the