[OCR_toInput] ST. CHRISTOPHER. 37 diers, eight hundred from Nevis and Barbados, eight hundred from Antigua, four hundred from Montserrat, and two hundred gentlemen volunteers. This large force of men, conveyed in eleven men-of-war, accompanied by five tenders, met with little or no resistance, and ex perienced little difficulty in capturing the island, when about two thousand of its French inhabitants were banished to Martinique and San Domingo. The French made several attempts to re-establish themselves on the island, and in a measure succeeded in doing so, a remnant remain ing at St. Christopher until in Queen Anne's day, when they were finally driven from the island by the English, who held it successfully against all comers until the end of the war, when, by the Peace of Utrecht, St. Kitt's was ceded to Great Britain, in whose possession it has remained until the present time. During the war for American independence it is said that the people of St. Kitt's sympathized with the rebellious colonies, but were prevented, by the presence of an Eng lish fleet in their neighborhood, from actively participating in the war against the mother country. The Island of St. Christopher lies in latitude 17° IS' N. in longi tude 62° 48' W. The main body of the island is an oval, nearly thir teen miles long, little less than six miles in width at its broadest part, and contains an area of about sixty -eight square miles, or nearly forty four thousand acres, of which thirty thousand are under cultivation. Its entire surface, except toward the southeastern extremity, is very mountainous. The Conarrhee Hills uplift their heads around the lofty and precipitous crags of Mount Misery, which towers heaven ward in the centre of the island to a height of four thousand three hundred and fourteen feet. From the southeastern shore a long neck of uncultivated land, a quarter of a mile in width makes out for three miles or more into the sea, increasing, fan-like, in extent. The surface of the land at first gradually rises toward the south, then abruptly mounts upward, form ing a cluster of conical hills called St. Anthony's Peaks, all of them
[OCR_aligned] ST. CHRISTOPHER. 37 diers, eight hundred from Nevis and Barbados, eight hundred from Antigua, four hundred from Montserrat, and two hundred gentlemen volunteers. This large force of men, conveyed in eleven men-of-war, accompanied by five tenders, met with little or no resistance, and ex perienced little difficulty in capturing the island, when about two thousand of its French inhabitants were banished to Martinique and San Domingo. The French made several attempts to re-establish themselves on the island, and in a measure succeeded in doing so, a remnant remain ing at St. Christopher until in Queen Anne's day, when they were finally driven from the island by the English, who held it successfully against all comers until the end of the war, when, by the Peace of Utrecht, St. Kitt's was ceded to Great Britain, in whose possession it has remained until the present time. During the war for American independence it is said that the people of St. Kitt's sympathized with the rebellious colonies, but were prevented, by the presence of an Eng lish fleet in their neighborhood, from actively participating in the war against the mother country. The Island of St. Christopher lies in latitude 17° IS' N. in longi tude 62° 48' W. The main body of the island is an oval, nearly thir teen miles long, little less than six miles in width at its broadest part, and contains an area of about sixty -eight square miles, or nearly forty four thousand acres, of which thirty thousand are under cultivation. Its entire surface, except toward the southeastern extremity, is very mountainous. The Conarrhee Hills uplift their heads around the lofty and precipitous crags of Mount Misery, which towers heaven ward in the centre of the island to a height of four thousand three hundred and fourteen feet. From the southeastern shore a long neck of uncultivated land, a quarter of a mile in width makes out for three miles or more into the sea, increasing, fan-like, in extent. The surface of the land at first gradually rises toward the south, then abruptly mounts upward, form ing a cluster of conical hills called St. Anthony's Peaks, all of them
[ GS_aligned] ########################## eight hundred from Nevis and Barbados, eight hundred from Antigua, four hundred from Montserrat, and two hundred gentlemen volunteers. This large force of men, conveyed in eleven men-of-war, accompanied by five tenders, met with little or no resistance, and ex-perienced little difficulty in capturing the island, when about two thousand of its French inhabitants were banished to Martinique and San Domingo. The French made several attempts to re-establish themselves on the island, and in a measure succeeded in doing so, a remnant remain-ing at St. Christopher until in Queen Anne's day, when they were finally driven from the island by the English, who held it successfully against all comers until the end of the war, when, by the Peace of Utrecht, St. Kitt's was ceded to Great Britain, in whose possession it has remained until the present time. During the war for American independence it is said that the people of St. Kitt's sympathized with the rebellious colonies, but were prevented, by the presence of an Eng-lish fleet in their neighborhood, from actively participating in the war against the mother country. The Island of St. Christopher lies in latitude 17° 18′ N. in longi-tude 62° 48′ W. The main body of the island is an oval, nearly thir-teen miles long, little less than six miles in width at its broadest part, and contains an area of about sixty@-eight square miles, or nearly forty-four thousand acres, of which thirty thousand are under cultivation. Its entire surface, except toward the southeastern extremity, is very mountainous. The Conarrhee Hills uplift their heads around the lofty and precipitous crags of Mount Misery, which towers heaven-ward in the centre of the island to a height of four thousand three hundred and fourteen feet. From the southeastern shore a long neck of uncultivated land, a quarter of a mile in width makes out for three miles or more into the sea, increasing, fan-like, in extent. The surface of the land at first gradually rises toward the south, then abruptly mounts upward, form-ing a cluster of conical hills called St. Anthony's Peaks, all of them