[OCR_toInput] 52 DOWN THE ISLANDS. me that until I had been properly doctored by the barber of Basse terre who is, be it said, as well known to voyagers among the Carib bean Islands as is the Barber of Seville to opera-goers, or the Floren tine barber to the readers of Bomola I had no satisfactory reasons or valid pretext for pretending that I had ever been artistically dealt with from a correct tonsorial point of view. The barber of Basse terre who, by the way, followed the sea and his profession for many years on board H. M. S. Niobe, the flagship of the British Navy on the West Indian station is also a gatherer and circulator of news, a man of opinions, and possessed of the courage of the same, and is much sought after by those who wish to keep themselves au courant of Kittefonian affairs. For these reasons, when I took my seat in his chair, I felt as if I had been invited by one of the old masters to sit for my portrait. Taking heart of grace, I committed myself into his care and keeping, feeling well assured that in the hands of a master workman not a hair of my head would take any harm. When I had received the finishing touches, and was loosed from the drapery in which I had been enveloped like a statue previous to the ceremonies attending its unveiling, I was perfumed, puffed, and powdered, so fresh and rosy-looking as to resemble a highly colored fashion-plate present ment of my former unadorned self. I was afraid to smile lest I should muss my hair, or perchance unwittingly disturb the exceedingly nice, but, I must say, somewhat conventional and slick, arrangement of my beard and mustache. I returned to the Barracouta about noon to luncheon others of the party remained on shore, sojourning during the heat of the day at a hotel of which they afterward gave a most favorable account, saying that its larder was well stocked with toothsome kickshaws, that in particular there was a most meritorious pepper-pot but each and all of them dwelt with enthusiastic emphasis on the skill displayed by Boniface in swizzling swizzles with his swizzle-stick. What a pepper pot is, and, more particularly, what a swizzle is, how and of what in gredients compounded, why so called, with what ceremonies and ob-
[OCR_aligned] 52 DOWN THE ISLANDS. me that until I had been properly doctored by the barber of Basse terre who is, be it said, as well known to voyagers among the Carib bean Islands as is the Barber of Seville to opera-goers, or the Floren tine barber to the readers of Bomola I had no satisfactory reasons or valid pretext for pretending that I had ever been artistically dealt with from a correct tonsorial point of view. The barber of Basse terre who, by the way, followed the sea and his profession for many years on board H. M. S. Niobe, the flagship of the British Navy on the West Indian station is also a gatherer and circulator of news, a man of opinions, and possessed of the courage of the same, and is much sought after by those who wish to keep themselves au courant of Kittefonian affairs. For these reasons, when I took my seat in his chair, I felt as if I had been invited by one of the old masters to sit for my portrait. Taking heart of grace, I committed myself into his care and keeping, feeling well assured that in the hands of a master workman not a hair of my head would take any harm. When I had received the finishing touches, and was loosed from the drapery in which I had been enveloped like a statue previous to the ceremonies attending its unveiling, I was perfumed, puffed, and powdered, so fresh and rosy-looking as to resemble a highly colored fashion-plate present ment of my former unadorned self. I was afraid to smile lest I should muss my hair, or perchance unwittingly disturb the exceedingly nice, but, I must say, somewhat conventional and slick, arrangement of my beard and mustache. I returned to the Barracouta about noon to luncheon others of the party remained on shore, sojourning during the heat of the day at a hotel of which they afterward gave a most favorable account, saying that its larder was well stocked with toothsome kickshaws, that in particular there was a most meritorious pepper-pot but each and all of them dwelt with enthusiastic emphasis on the skill displayed by Boniface in swizzling swizzles with his swizzle-stick. What a pepper pot is, and, more particularly, what a swizzle is, how and of what in gredients compounded, why so called, with what ceremonies and ob-
[ GS_aligned] ####################### that until I had been properly doctored by the barber of Basse-terre who is, be it said, as well known to voyagers among the Carib-bean Islands as is the Barber of Seville to opera-goers, or the Floren-tine barber to the readers of Romola I had no satisfactory reasons or valid pretext for pretending that I had ever been artistically dealt with from a correct tonsorial point of view. The barber of Basse-terre who, by the way, followed the sea and his profession for many years on board H. M. S. Niobe, the flagship of the British Navy on the West Indian station is also a gatherer and circulator of news, a man of opinions, and possessed of the courage of the same, and is much sought after by those who wish to keep themselves au courant of Kittefonian affairs. For these reasons, when I took my seat in his chair, I felt as if I had been invited by one of the old masters to sit for my portrait. Taking heart of grace, I committed myself into his care and keeping, feeling well assured that in the hands of a master workman not a hair of my head would take any harm. When I had received the finishing touches, and was loosed from the drapery in which I had been enveloped like a statue previous to the ceremonies attending its unveiling, I was perfumed, puffed, and powdered, so fresh and rosy-looking as to resemble a highly colored fashion-plate present-ment of my former unadorned self. I was afraid to smile lest I should muss my hair, or perchance unwittingly disturb the exceedingly nice, but, I must say, somewhat conventional and slick, arrangement of my beard and mustache. I returned to the Barracouta about noon to luncheon others of the party remained on shore, sojourning during the heat of the day at a hotel of which they afterward gave a most favorable account, saying that its larder was well stocked with toothsome kickshaws, that in particular there was a most meritorious pepper-pot but each and all of them dwelt with enthusiastic emphasis on the skill displayed by Boniface in swizzling swizzles with his swizzle-stick. What a pepper-pot is, and, more particularly, what a swizzle is, how and of what in-gredients compounded, why so called, with what ceremonies and ob-