[OCR_toInput] RAMBLES IN ST. KITT'S. 53 servanees it is mingled and set up, will be made known hereafter with particular care, all in its proper place in my narrative. After a siesta on board I returned to land, with a numerous addi tion to the contingent I had left ashore lingering over their swizzles at the inn, and proceeded with them to the office of the consignee of the Barracouta, where we were put into carriages and driven to the house of the owner of one of the most extensive sugar-plantations on the island. The hospitable mansion stands on the mountain-side, overlook ing the town, in the midst of pleasure-grounds laid out, generations ag° by tl e ancestors of the present possessor, in terraces, parterres, shrubberies, and beds of flowers and ferns. Nearly every plant or tree indigenous to the West Indies was here to be seen, rare exotics, rare to us children of the North tropical plants, all growing to per fection in marvellous, not to say bewildering, luxuriance. In the open air, just think of it ! exclaimed one of the visitors who, like myself, failed to realize that in seven days from midwinter we had arrived in midsummer - that we, in reality and in very truth, lived and breathed in the tropics. I could hardly persuade myself of the fact that at no time of the year was it necessary to transplant the treasures and curiosities of this garden, by which we were surrounded, into pots and hot-house tubs, with the intent to store them away under glass until winter had come and gone. The garden, which was several acres in extent, contained a bewildering variety of trees, flowers, vines, exquisite ferns, orchids, and delicate plants. Such a horticultural dis play, within ten miles of New York or Boston, would so greatly pro mote local travel, attract crowds of sightseers, it would be well worth the trouble of even the least accommodating railroad company to run excursion trains to and from the exhibition half-hourly every pleasant day during the short season the show might flourish and retain its beauty in our northern climate, from the time -our spring gets everythin' in tune, An' gives one leap from April into June 
[OCR_aligned] RAMBLES IN ST. KITT'S. 53 servanees it is mingled and set up, will be made known hereafter with particular care, all in its proper place in my narrative. After a siesta on board I returned to land, with a numerous addi tion to the contingent I had left ashore lingering over their swizzles at the inn, and proceeded with them to the office of the consignee of the Barracouta, where we were put into carriages and driven to the house of the owner of one of the most extensive sugar-plantations on the island. The hospitable mansion stands on the mountain-side, overlook ing the town, in the midst of pleasure-grounds laid out, generations ag@° by tl e ancestors of the present possessor, in terraces, parterres, shrubberies, and beds of flowers and ferns. Nearly every plant or tree indigenous to the West Indies was here to be seen, rare exotics, rare to us children of the North tropical plants, all growing to per fection in marvellous, not to say bewildering, luxuriance. In the open air, just think of it ! exclaimed one of the visitors who, like myself, failed to realize that in seven days from midwinter we had arrived in midsummer - that we, in reality and in very truth, lived and breathed in the tropics. I could hardly persuade myself of the fact that at no time of the year was it necessary to transplant the treasures and curiosities of this garden, by which we were surrounded, into pots and hot-house tubs, with the intent to store them away under glass until winter had come and gone. The garden, which was several acres in extent, contained a bewildering variety of trees, flowers, vines, exquisite ferns, orchids, and delicate plants. Such a horticultural dis play, within ten miles of New York or Boston, would so greatly pro mote local travel, attract crowds of sightseers, it would be well worth the trouble of even the least accommodating railroad company to run excursion trains to and from the exhibition half-hourly every pleasant day during the short season the show might flourish and retain its beauty in our northern climate, from the time -our spring gets everythin' in tune, An' gives one leap from April into June 
[ GS_aligned] ################################### it is mingled and set up, will be made known hereafter with particular care, all in its proper place in my narrative. After a siesta on board I returned to land, with a numerous addi-tion to the contingent I had left ashore lingering over their swizzles at the inn, and proceeded with them to the office of the consignee of the Barracouta, where we were put into carriages and driven to the house of the owner of one of the most extensive sugar-plantations on the island. The hospitable mansion stands on the mountain-side, overlook-ing the town, in the midst of pleasure-grounds laid out, generations ago, by t@he ancestors of the present possessor, in terraces, parterres, shrubberies, and beds of flowers and ferns. Nearly every plant or tree indigenous to the West Indies was here to be seen, rare exotics, rare to us children of the North tropical plants, all growing to per-fection in marvellous, not to say bewildering, luxuriance. In the open air, just think of it ! exclaimed one of the visitors who, like myself, failed to realize that in seven days from midwinter we had arrived in midsummer@-@that we, in reality and in very truth, lived and breathed in the tropics. I could hardly persuade myself of the fact that at no time of the year was it necessary to transplant the treasures and curiosities of this garden, by which we were surrounded, into pots and hot-house tubs, with the intent to store them away under glass until winter had come and gone. The garden, which was several acres in extent, contained a bewildering variety of trees, flowers, vines, exquisite ferns, orchids, and delicate plants. Such a horticultural dis-play, within ten miles of New York or Boston, would so greatly pro-mote local travel, attract crowds of sightseers, it would be well worth the trouble of even the least accommodating railroad company to run excursion trains to and from the exhibition half-hourly every pleasant day during the short season the show might flourish and retain its beauty in our northern climate, from the time@-our spring gets everythin' in tune, An' gives one leap from April into June 