[OCR_toInput] RAMBLES IN ST. KITT'S. 55 to do unto these West Indians even as their countrymen had done unto us. We got on famously with our newly found friends, and be fore bedtime each one of our party had received numerous invitations to lunch, to dine, to drive, to stop a night, make ourselves at home when we arrived at islands yet in store for us - islands of which some of us had, I fear, as indefinite ideas as Columbus had when he first dis covered this Caribbean Archipelago, four centuries ago. With such tropical rapidity and spontaneity did the bud of acquaintance blossom, bloom, and ripen unto the full flower and fruit of good-fellowship, that before bedtime I found myself exchanging confidences on terms of delightful familiarity with neto old friends, whose flattering invita tions I had accepted, whose names I may have heard mentioned when introduced to them to some I was not formally presented , but whose faces I had as yet dimly seen by the unsatisfactory glimmer of an oc casional match or by the glow of pipe or cigar as we smoked in the dark out on deck. At nine o'clock a gun was fired to recall those passengers who had again lingered during the latter part of the afternoon and the early evening on shore, enticed by swizzle or other forms of hospital ity. At ten the Barracouta, getting under weigh, sailed southward, keeping close to the leeward coast of St. Kitt's then, crossing the narrow channel between that island and Nevis, skirted the south western coast of that island and at midnight came to the open sea. Presently turning to the east, the ship steamed leisurely all night toward the light-house at the entrance of the harbor of St. John's, Antigua, where, after a run of sixty miles from Basseterre, she was to cast anchor in the morning.
[OCR_aligned] RAMBLES IN ST. KITT'S. 55 to do unto these West Indians even as their countrymen had done unto us. We got on famously with our newly found friends, and be fore bedtime each one of our party had received numerous invitations to lunch, to dine, to drive, to stop a night, make ourselves at home when we arrived at islands yet in store for us - islands of which some of us had, I fear, as indefinite ideas as Columbus had when he first dis covered this Caribbean Archipelago, four centuries ago. With such tropical rapidity and spontaneity did the bud of acquaintance blossom, bloom, and ripen unto the full flower and fruit of good-fellowship, that before bedtime I found myself exchanging confidences on terms of delightful familiarity with neto old friends, whose flattering invita tions I had accepted, whose names I may have heard mentioned when introduced to them to some I was not formally presented , but whose faces I had as yet dimly seen by the unsatisfactory glimmer of an oc casional match or by the glow of pipe or cigar as we smoked in the dark out on deck. At nine o'clock a gun was fired to recall those passengers who had again lingered during the latter part of the afternoon and the early evening on shore, enticed by swizzle or other forms of hospital ity. At ten the Barracouta, getting under weigh, sailed southward, keeping close to the leeward coast of St. Kitt's then, crossing the narrow channel between that island and Nevis, skirted the sout@h western coast of that island and at midnight came to the open sea. Presently turning to the east, the ship steamed leisurely all night toward the light-house at the entrance of the harbor of St. John's, Antigua, where, after a run of sixty miles from Basseterre, she was to cast anchor in the morning.
[ GS_aligned] ############################ do unto these West Indians even as their countrymen had done unto us. We got on famously with our newly found friends, and be-fore bedtime each one of our party had received numerous invitations to lunch, to dine, to drive, to stop a night, make ourselves at home when we arrived at islands yet in store for us@-@islands of which some of us had, I fear, as indefinite ideas as Columbus had when he first dis-covered this Caribbean Archipelago, four centuries ago. With such tropical rapidity and spontaneity did the bud of acquaintance blossom, bloom, and ripen unto the full flower and fruit of good-fellowship, that before bedtime I found myself exchanging confidences on terms of delightful familiarity with ne@w old friends, whose flattering invita-tions I had accepted, whose names I may have heard mentioned when introduced to them to some I was not formally presented , but whose faces I had as yet dimly seen by the unsatisfactory glimmer of an oc-casional match or by the glow of pipe or cigar as we smoked in the dark out on deck. At nine o'clock a gun was fired to recall those passengers who had again lingered during the latter part of the afternoon and the early evening on shore, enticed by swizzle or other forms of hospital-ity. At ten the Barracouta, getting under weigh, sailed southward, keeping close to the leeward coast of St. Kitt's then, crossing the narrow channel between that island and Nevis, skirted the sout b western coast of that island and at midnight came to the open sea. Presently turning to the east, the ship steamed leisurely all night toward the light-house at the entrance of the harbor of St. John's, Antigua, where, after a run of sixty miles from Basseterre, she was to cast anchor in the morning.