[OCR_toInput] 58 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Antigua is in longitude 61° 45' W., latitude 17° 6' N. In shape it is an irregular oval, thirteen and one-half miles from east to west, a little over nine miles from north to south, and has an area of about sixty-nine thousand acres. As compared with the mountainous islands lying to the south and west of it, the surface of this Caribbee is of moderate elevation. Boggy Peak, the highest of the Sheckerly Moun tains, rising in the southwest, is only thirteen hundred and forty feet in height. From the southwest the face of the country ascends grad ually to the summit of this prominent landmark, thence it falls sea ward in some places very abruptly, dips beneath tide-water lifts again, forming dangerous reefs and shoal places far beyond th'e shore. In the mountainous part of Antigua the soil is poor and starved, and but little tilled in all other regions the land is very productive and, notwithstanding it suffers at times severely from drought, yields ex ceedingly large crops to reward a very industrious and energetic race of planters. The inhabitants of Antigua number not far from thirty five thousand souls, of whom about two thousand three hundred are whites. Passing Sandy' Island light-house, at the entrance to the harbor of St. John's, the Barracouta came to anchor in a roadstead where she made one of a fleet of many vessels, flying flags of all nations, all save the Stars and Stripes, which in these later years has all but disap peared from the harbors of the world. From our anchorage, half a mile or so from the land, we had an extended view of the western slope of the island, from the crest of its water-shed down to the ocean on its leeward side. In general appearance Antigua reminded me of the shores of Martha's Vineyard in summer-time the harbor of St. John's, in particular, suggesting Vineyard Haven in many ways, so that the scenery had a familiar look, at least so long as we remained at such a distance as prevented our distinguishing between the foliage of tropical trees, forever green, and those that shed their leaves in chill October. Antigua was long ago entirely denuded of primeval forests indeed, there are but few trees growing upon the hill-side or in the bot-
[OCR_aligned] 58 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Antigua is in longitude 61° 45' W., latitude 17° 6' N. In shape it is an irregular oval, thirteen and one-half miles from east to west, a little over nine miles from north to south, and has an area of about sixty-nine thousand acres. As compared with the mountainous islands lying to the south and west of it, the surface of this Caribbee is of moderate elevation. Boggy Peak, the highest of the Sheckerly Moun tains, rising in the southwest, is only thirteen hundred and forty feet in height. From the southwest the face of the country ascends grad ually to the summit of this prominent landmark, thence it falls sea ward in some places very abruptly, dips beneath tide-water lifts again, forming dangerous reefs and shoal places far beyond th'e shore. In the mountainous part of Antigua the soil is poor and starved, and but little tilled in all other regions the land is very productive@ and, notwithstanding it suffers at times severely from drought, yields ex ceedingly large crops to reward a very industrious and energetic race of planters. The inhabitants of Antigua number not far from thirty five thousand souls, of whom about two thousand three hundred are whites. Passing Sandy' Island light-house, at the entrance to the harbor of St. John's, the Barracouta came to anchor in a roadstead where she made one of a fleet of many vessels, flying flags of all nations, all save the Stars and Stripes, which in these later years has all but disap peared from the harbors of the world. From our anchorage, half a mile or so from the land, we had an extended view of the western slope of the island, from the crest of its water-shed down to the ocean on its leeward side. In general appearance Antigua reminded me of the shores of Martha's Vineyard in summer-time the harbor of St. John's, in particular, suggesting Vineyard Haven in many ways, so that the scenery had a familiar look, at least so long as we remained at such a distance as prevented our distinguishing between the foliage of tropical trees, forever green, and those that shed their leaves in chill October. Antigua was long ago entirely denuded of primeval forests indeed, there are but few trees growing upon the hill-side or in the bot-
[ GS_aligned] ############################ is in longitude 61° 45′ W., latitude 17° 6′ N. In shape it is an irregular oval, thirteen and one-half miles from east to west, a little over nine miles from north to south, and has an area of about sixty-nine thousand acres. As compared with the mountainous islands lying to the south and west of it, the surface of this Caribbee is of moderate elevation. Boggy Peak, the highest of the Sheckerly Moun-tains, rising in the southwest, is only thirteen hundred and forty feet in height. From the southwest the face of the country ascends grad-ually to the summit of this prominent landmark, thence it falls sea-ward in some places very abruptly, dips beneath tide-water lifts again, forming dangerous reefs and shoal places far beyond th@e shore. In the mountainous part of Antigua the soil is poor and starved, and but little tilled in all other regions the land is very productive, and, notwithstanding it suffers at times severely from drought, yields ex-ceedingly large crops to reward a very industrious and energetic race of planters. The inhabitants of Antigua number not far from thirty-five thousand souls, of whom about two thousand three hundred are whites. Passing Sandy@ Island light-house, at the entrance to the harbor of St. John's, the Barracouta came to anchor in a roadstead where she made one of a fleet of many vessels, flying flags of all nations, all save the Stars and Stripes, which in these later years has all but disap-peared from the harbors of the world. From our anchorage, half a mile or so from the land, we had an extended view of the western slope of the island, from the crest of its water-shed down to the ocean on its leeward side. In general appearance Antigua reminded me of the shores of Martha's Vineyard in summer-time the harbor of St. John's, in particular, suggesting Vineyard Haven in many ways, so that the scenery had a familiar look, at least so long as we remained at such a distance as prevented our distinguishing between the foliage of tropical trees, forever green, and those that shed their leaves in chill October. Antigua was long ago entirely denuded of primeval forests indeed, there are but few trees growing upon the hill-side or in the bot-