[OCR_toInput] ANTIGUA. 61 John's, renders the approach to the former both difficult and danger ous, as witness the fact - a large bark, in trying to beat up the nar row channel a few days before our arrival, had gone hard aground on the sand, where we saw her heeled over, the water rising to her hatch combings, slowly breaking up, not worth the price of the nails in her timbers. On the south side of the entrance to the inner harbor the ruins of an old fort stand on an eminence commanding the fair-way opposite, on the north, St. James' Fort crowns the summit of a promontory connected with the mainland by a narrow causeway. We landed at a quay of well-joined masonry, in the presence of a crowd of blacks who evidently took stock of us, sizing us up, no doubt, with the de sign of engaging us in pecuniary transactions more or less connected with fruit, then and there, or later in the da 7, as opportunity might offer. Everywhere were fruit-sellers, with shallow wooden trays bal anced on their heads, venders of knick-knacks, cheap jewellery, and divers glittering gewgaws such as find favor in the sight of our colored sisters for the negresses of Antigua, after the manner of their kind in other lands, delight in the unlimited quantity rather than in the precious quality of their personal adornment. Doubtless these bejew elled ladies of color would if they had ever heard of her honor the memory of Tarpeia, if, indeed, they did not positively envy her fate, esteeming her a favored person of quality who died, as all ladies mov ing in the best circles of colored society in Antigua would be glad to die, crushed beneath the weight of an unlimited assortment of precious gifts. The city of St. John's is laid out four-square the houses are for the most part built of wood, the most serviceable and lasting ma terial in this unstable place. Antigua is subject to frequent earth quakes therefore the buildings are seldom constructed more than two stories in height. Those of the better class are commodious, are usually painted white, with jalousies or Venetian blinds, and have broad verandas on the lower stories above these are covered galleries,
[OCR_aligned] ANTIGUA. 61 John's, renders the approach to the former both difficult and danger ous, as witness the fact - a large bark, in trying to beat up the nar row channel a few days before our arrival, had gone hard aground on the sand, where we saw her heeled over, the water rising to her hatch combings, slowly breaking up, not worth the price of the nails in her timbers. On the south side of the entrance to the inner harbor the ruins of an old fort stand on an eminence commanding the fair-way opposite, on the north, St. James' Fort crowns the summit of a promontory connected with the mainland by a narrow causeway. We landed at a quay of well-joined masonry, in the presence of a crowd of blacks who evidently took stock of us, sizing us up, no doubt, with the de sign of engaging us in pecuniary transactions more or less connected with fruit, then and there, or later in the da 7, as opportunity might offer. Everywhere were fruit-sellers, with shallow wooden trays bal anced on their heads, venders of knick-knacks, cheap jewellery, and divers glittering gewgaws such as find favor in the sight of our colored sisters for the negresses of Antigua, after the manner of their kind in other lands, delight in the unlimited quantity rather than in the precious quality of their personal adornment. Doubtless these bejew elled ladies of color would if they had ever heard of her honor the memory of Tarpeia, if, indeed, they did not positively envy her fate, esteeming her a favored person of quality who died, as all ladies mov ing in the best circles of colored society in Antigua would be glad to die, crushed beneath the weight of an unlimited assortment of precious gifts. The city of St. John's is laid out four-square the houses are for the most part built of wood, the most serviceable and lasting ma terial in this unstable place. Antigua is subject to frequent earth quakes therefore the buildings are seldom constructed more than two stories in height. Those of the better class are commodious, are usually painted white, with jalousies or Venetian blinds, and have broad verandas on the lower stories above these are covered galleries,
[ GS_aligned] ################### renders the approach to the former both difficult and danger-ous, as witness the fact@-@a large bark, in trying to beat up the nar-row channel a few days before our arrival, had gone hard aground on the sand, where we saw her heeled over, the water rising to her hatch-combings, slowly breaking up, not worth the price of the nails in her timbers. On the south side of the entrance to the inner harbor the ruins of an old fort stand on an eminence commanding the fair-way opposite, on the north, St. James' Fort crowns the summit of a promontory connected with the mainland by a narrow causeway. We landed at a quay of well-joined masonry, in the presence of a crowd of blacks who evidently took stock of us, sizing us up, no doubt, with the de-sign of engaging us in pecuniary transactions more or less connected with fruit, then and there, or later in the da@y, as opportunity might offer. Everywhere were fruit-sellers, with shallow wooden trays bal-anced on their heads, venders of knick-knacks, cheap jewellery, and divers glittering gewgaws such as find favor in the sight of our colored sisters for the negresses of Antigua, after the manner of their kind in other lands, delight in the unlimited quantity rather than in the precious quality of their personal adornment. Doubtless these bejew-elled ladies of color would if they had ever heard of her honor the memory of Tarpeia, if, indeed, they did not positively envy her fate, esteeming her a favored person of quality who died, as all ladies mov-ing in the best circles of colored society in Antigua would be glad to die, crushed beneath the weight of an unlimited assortment of precious gifts. The city of St. John's is laid out four-square the houses are for the most part built of wood, the most serviceable and lasting ma-terial in this unstable place. Antigua is subject to frequent earth-quakes therefore the buildings are seldom constructed more than two stories in height. Those of the better class are commodious, are usually painted white, with jalousies or Venetian blinds, and have broad verandas on the lower stories above these are covered galleries,