[OCR_toInput] 62 DOWN THE ISLANDS. into which the windows of the second stories open. I speak of the veryiew houses of the very few well-to-do whites. The negro-quar ters are miserable shanties, filthy, unwholesome, badly built,, ready to -fall to pieces or to be blown away by the first hurricane- in fact, many of them, already collapsed, were little better than cow-sheds in appear ance. Some of the better class of dwellings are surrounded by trees, shrubs, exquisite ferns, and wonderful treasures of flowers and grace ful growing things. We saw several built like Swiss cottages, of stone to the top of the first story, and above that of wood they had their kitchens detached from the living-rooms - a very desirable arrangement in that hot climate, as it serves to keep the heat and smell of cooking out of the sleeping-apartments. After rambling for a time about the streets we climbed to the top of a hill, back of the town, to the old church of St. John's built in the year 1793 , which stands in the midst of a God's acre, a veritable Golgotha, crowded with the graves of generation after generation of Antigonians, many of the sepulchres marked with curious tombstones, inscribed with quaint and, in several instances, really laughable epi taphs, all of which, had time served, I was minded to copy. From the church-yard we had a grand view of at least half of the island. Far to the east, over fertile plantation, and away toward the north, beyond rugged hills and moorland, we could see distant villages and hamlets. We could follow with the eye, broad, smooth roads, leading to the set tlements, through valleys, over braes, across thousands of acres of cane pieces. Everywhere sugar-cane ! Nothing but sugar-cane ! Why should anyone expect to see any other crop ? Why should the planters of Antigua, or, for that matter, any of the planters in the West Indies, waste labor and time in planting grain ? Why, indeed ? Has not the president of one of the greatest railroads in the Western part of the United States, who visited the Caribbees in the Barracouta .on.. the trip preceding mine, after carefully calculating the relative value of a crop of .com and a crop of sugar, announced that an acre
[OCR_aligned] 62 DOWN THE ISLANDS. into which the windows of the second stories open. I speak of the very@iew houses of the very few well-to-do whites. The negro-quar ters are miserable shanties, filthy, unwholesome, badly built,, ready to -fall to pieces or to be blown away by the first hurricane- in fact, many of them, already collapsed, were little better than cow-sheds in appear ance. Some of the better class of dwellings are surrounded by trees, shrubs, exquisite ferns, and wonderful treasures of flowers and grace ful growing things. We saw several built like Swiss cottages, of stone to the top of the first story, and above that of wood they had their kitchens detached from the living-rooms - a very desirable arrangement in that hot climate, as it serves to keep the heat and smell of cooking out of the sleeping-apartments. After rambling for a time about the streets we climbed to the top of a hill, back of the town, to the old church of St. John's built in the year 1793 , which stands in the midst of a God's acre, a veritable Golgotha, crowded with the graves of generation after generation of Antigonians, many of the sepulchres marked with curious tombstones, inscribed with quaint and, in several instances, really laughable epi taphs, all of which, had time served, I was minded to copy. From the church-yard we had a grand view of at least half of the island. Far to the east, over fertile plantation, and away toward the north, beyond rugged hills and moorland, we could see distant villages and hamlets. We could follow with the eye, broad, smooth roads, leading to the set tlements, through valleys, over braes, across thousands of acres of cane pieces. Everywhere sugar-cane ! Nothing but sugar-cane ! Why should anyone expect to see any other crop ? Why should the planters of Antigua, or, for that matter, any of the planters in the West Indies, waste labor and time in planting grain ? Why, indeed ? Has not the president of one of the greatest railroads in the Western part of the United States, who visited the Caribbees in the Barracouta .on.. the trip preceding mine, after carefully calculating the relative value of a crop of .co@m and a crop of sugar, announced that an acre
[ GS_aligned] ######################### which the windows of the second stories open. I speak of the very few houses of the very few well-to-do whites. The negro-quar-ters are miserable shanties, filthy, unwholesome, badly built@, ready to @fall to pieces or to be blown away by the first hurricane-@in fact, many of them, already collapsed, were little better than cow-sheds in appear-ance. Some of the better class of dwellings are surrounded by trees, shrubs, exquisite ferns, and wonderful treasures of flowers and grace-ful growing things. We saw several built like Swiss cottages, of stone to the top of the first story, and above that of wood they had their kitchens detached from the living-rooms@-@a very desirable arrangement in that hot climate, as it serves to keep the heat and smell of cooking out of the sleeping-apartments. After rambling for a time about the streets we climbed to the top of a hill, back of the town, to the old church of St. John's built in the year 1793 , which stands in the midst of a God's acre, a veritable Golgotha, crowded with the graves of generation after generation of Antigonians, many of the sepulchres marked with curious tombstones, inscribed with quaint and, in several instances, really laughable epi-taphs, all of which, had time served, I was minded to copy. From the church-yard we had a grand view of at least half of the island. Far to the east, over fertile plantation, and away toward the north, beyond rugged hills and moorland, we could see distant villages and hamlets. We could follow with the eye, broad, smooth roads, leading to the set-tlements, through valleys, over braes, across thousands of acres of cane-pieces. Everywhere sugar-cane ! Nothing but sugar-cane ! Why should anyone expect to see any other crop ? Why should the planters of Antigua, or, for that matter, any of the planters in the West Indies, waste labor and time in planting grain ? Why, indeed ? Has not the president of one of the greatest railroads in the Western part of the United States, who visited the Caribbees in the Barracouta @on@. the trip preceding mine, after carefully calculating the relative value of a crop of @corn and a crop of sugar, announced that an acre