[OCR_toInput] 74 DOWN THE ISLANDS. United States was estimated, with reasonable accuracy, to be three thousand five hundred millions of dollars. In 1864 the Bebellion was crushed, the slaves were free, and the United States Government had incurred a debt almost precisely equal in amount to the valuation set on the total number of slaves held in bondage four years before. It has cost much money to rid our race of the disgrace entailed on it by the success attending Sir John Hawkins in his first business-venture of bringing a cargo of colored men from Africa to work on the planta tions in America. The history of Antigua is by no means dry reading, as a few brief extracts, copied into my note-book from volumes in the public library of St. John's, will show. Columbus, having discovered Antigua and given it its name, de serted the island, and nothing is known of it until Antonio Serrano failed in an attempt to plant a colony upon it in 1520. From that year, except by such Europeans as were cast upon it by the mischance of shipwreck, Antigua remained unexplored until Charles I. of Eng land granted it to his unworthy favorite the Earl of Carlisle, who, how ever, set small store upon it, preferring to send out colonists to St. Christopher, twenty leagues farther to the east. In 1692, M. D'Es nambuc with a party of French crossed from St. Kitt's, but after a short stay in Antigua abandoned it on account of the scarcity of sweet water. He was followed by General Sir Thomas Warner, the English Gov ernor of St. Kitt's, who colonized Antigua, or Antego as he called it, in 1632, and for eight years his settlement prospered. Then the Caribs came from Dominica and made great slaughter of the colonists, carry ing off in their retreat many women and children, among them the wife and babe of the governor himself. In the days of Cromwell the Antiguans refused to acknowledge the Commonwealth, until Sir George Ayscue forcibly convinced them that, if the Lord Protector had not indeed been crowned, he was nevertheless every inch a king. After the restoration Charles II. granted the island to Lord Francis Willoughby, who perished at sea in a hurricane that wrecked his fleet
[OCR_aligned] 74 DOWN THE ISLANDS. United States was estimated, with reasonable accuracy, to be three thousand five hundred millions of dollars. In 1864 the Bebellion was crushed, the slaves were free, and the United States Government had incurred a debt almost precisely equal in amount to the valuation set on the total number of slaves held in bondage four years before. It has cost much money to rid our race of the disgrace entailed on it by the success attending Sir John Hawkins in his first business-venture of bringing a cargo of colored men from Africa to work on the planta tions in America. The history of Antigua is by no means dry reading, as a few brief extracts, copied into my note-book from volumes in the public library of St. John's, will show. Columbus, having discovered Antigua and given it its name, de serted the island, and nothing is known of it until Antonio Serrano failed in an attempt to plant a colony upon it in 1520. From that year, except by such Europeans as were cast upon it by the mischance of shipwreck, Antigua remained unexplored until Charles I. of Eng land granted it to his unworthy favorite the Earl of Carlisle, who, how ever, set small store upon it, preferring to send out colonists to St. Christopher, twenty leagues farther to the east. In 1692, M. D'Es nambuc with a party of French crossed from St. Kitt's, but after a short stay in Antigua abandoned it on account of the scarcity of sweet water. He was followed by General Sir Thomas Warner, the English Gov ernor of St. Kitt's, who colonized Antigua, or Antego as he called it, in 1632, and for eight years his settlement prospered. Then the Caribs came from Dominica and made great slaughter of the colonists, carry ing off in their retreat many women and children, among them the wife and babe of the governor himself. In the days of Cromwell the Antiguans refused to acknowledge the Commonwealth, until Sir George Ayscue forcibly convinced them that, if the Lord Protector had not indeed been crowned, he was nevertheless every inch a king. After the restoration Charles II. granted the island to Lord Francis Willoughby, who perished at sea in a hurricane that wrecked his fleet
[ GS_aligned] ########################### States was estimated, with reasonable accuracy, to be three thousand five hundred millions of dollars. In 1864 the Rebellion was crushed, the slaves were free, and the United States Government had incurred a debt almost precisely equal in amount to the valuation set on the total number of slaves held in bondage four years before. It has cost much money to rid our race of the disgrace entailed on it by the success attending Sir John Hawkins in his first business-venture of bringing a cargo of colored men from Africa to work on the planta-tions in America. The history of Antigua is by no means dry reading, as a few brief extracts, copied into my note-book from volumes in the public library of St. John's, will show. Columbus, having discovered Antigua and given it its name, de-serted the island, and nothing is known of it until Antonio Serrano failed in an attempt to plant a colony upon it in 1520. From that year, except by such Europeans as were cast upon it by the mischance of shipwreck, Antigua remained unexplored until Charles I. of Eng-land granted it to his unworthy favorite the Earl of Carlisle, who, how-ever, set small store upon it, preferring to send out colonists to St. Christopher, twenty leagues farther to the east. In 1692, M. D'Es-nambuc with a party of French crossed from St. Kitt's, but after a short stay in Antigua abandoned it on account of the scarcity of sweet water. He was followed by General Sir Thomas Warner, the English Gov-ernor of St. Kitt's, who colonized Antigua, or Antego as he called it, in 1632, and for eight years his settlement prospered. Then the Caribs came from Dominica and made great slaughter of the colonists, carry-ing off in their retreat many women and children, among them the wife and babe of the governor himself. In the days of Cromwell the Antiguans refused to acknowledge the Commonwealth, until Sir George Ayscue forcibly convinced them that, if the Lord Protector had not indeed been crowned, he was nevertheless every inch a king. After the restoration Charles II. granted the island to Lord Francis Willoughby, who perished at sea in a hurricane that wrecked his fleet