[OCR_toInput] 82 DOWN THE ISLANDS. time for all the idea they got of its scenery or proportions, and so, without further delay, sought their sleeping- places on the deck. Yes ! we Barracoutans slept on deck. Not because it was hot, un comfortable, or stuffy down below, nor because we were deck-passen gers each one of us had a state-room apiece at his or her disposal, a roomy, clean, well-ventilated state-room for in respect of her cabin accommodations the Barracouta is a model ship, being also an easy, although somewhat persistent roller, she is a good ship to pass the night in. We slept on deck because we were out for a good time, as an English passenger put it, and did as we jolly well liked. We found sleeping on deck had very much of the flavor, and all the attractions, of camping out, with none of the disadvantages of damp beds or busy insects there was a feeling of freedom about it, a delicious sense of abundant ventilation and elbow-room it was also gratifying to our personal pride, for we flattered ourselves that we were granted this, among other special privileges, because we happened, luckily, to be friends of the captain - having by the same token, also, a right to sit at his table, to smoke in the purser's cabin, or to be on terms of personal intimacy with the man at the wheel, if we saw fit to cultivate his acquaintance all rules and regulations of the company to the contrary notwithstanding. In the case of the lady passengers who occupied their reservation upstairs nightly , they looked upon sleeping in the Social Hall as a guarantee and confirmation of their right to have luncheons served on deck between meals and to ask the cap tain difficult questions in navigation. They availed themselves of this their privilege, not to say undoubted right, with an unswerving deter mination - were not to be persuaded that their state-rooms were habita ble nor would they permit themselves to be drawn into unnecessary argument about the matter, but maintained a perfectly unanswerable silence that in the end gained them the victory. At four bells, even ing, elles y etalent, and until morning elles y restaient. If, as some times happened, a heedless male passenger, on deck after ten o'clock, discovered that he had forgotten some indispensable article of personal
[OCR_aligned] 82 DOWN THE ISLANDS. time for all the idea they got of its scenery or proportions, and so, without further delay, sought their sleeping- places on the deck. Yes ! we Barracoutans slept on deck. Not because it was hot, un comfortable, or stuffy down below, nor because we were deck-passen gers each one of us had a state-room apiece at his or her disposal, a roomy, clean, well-ventilated state-room for in respect of her cabin accommodations the Barracouta is a model ship, being also an easy, although somewhat persistent roller, she is a good ship to pass the night in. We slept on deck because we were out for a good time, as an English passenger put it, and did as we jolly well liked. We found sleeping on deck had very much of the flavor, and all the attractions, of camping out, with none of the disadvantages of damp beds or busy insects there was a feeling of freedom about it, a delicious sense of abundant ventilation and elbow-room it was also gratifying to our personal pride, for we flattered ourselves that we were granted this, among other special privileges, because we happened, luckily, to be friends of the captain - having by the same token, also, a right to sit at his table, to smoke in the purser's cabin, or to be on terms of personal intimacy with the man at the wheel, if we saw fit to cultivate his acquaintance all rules and regulations of the company to the contrary notwithstanding. In the case of the lady passengers who occupied their reservation upstairs nightly , they looked upon sleeping in the Social Hall as a guarantee and confirmation of their right to have luncheons served on deck between meals and to ask the cap tain difficult questions in navigation. They availed themselves of this their privilege, not to say undoubted right, with an unswerving deter mination - were not to be persuaded that their state-rooms were habita ble nor would they permit themselves to be drawn into unnecessary argument about the matter, but maintained a perfectly unanswerable silence that in the end gained them the victory. At four bells, even ing, elles y etalent, and until morning elles y restaient. If, as some times happened, a heedless male passenger, on deck after ten o'clock, discovered that he had forgotten some indispensable article of personal
[ GS_aligned] ######################### for all the idea they got of its scenery or proportions, and so, without further delay, sought their sleeping-@places on the deck. Yes ! we Barracoutans slept on deck. Not because it was hot, un-comfortable, or stuffy down below, nor because we were deck-passen-gers each one of us had a state-room apiece at his or her disposal, a roomy, clean, well-ventilated state-room for in respect of her cabin accommodations the Barracouta is a model ship, being also an easy, although somewhat persistent roller, she is a good ship to pass the night in. We slept on deck because we were out for a good time, as an English passenger put it, and did as we jolly well liked. We found sleeping on deck had very much of the flavor, and all the attractions, of camping out, with none of the disadvantages of damp beds or busy insects there was a feeling of freedom about it, a delicious sense of abundant ventilation and elbow-room it was also gratifying to our personal pride, for we flattered ourselves that we were granted this, among other special privileges, because we happened, luckily, to be friends of the captain@-@having by the same token, also, a right to sit at his table, to smoke in the purser's cabin, or to be on terms of personal intimacy with the man at the wheel, if we saw fit to cultivate his acquaintance all rules and regulations of the company to the contrary notwithstanding. In the case of the lady passengers who occupied their reservation upstairs nightly , they looked upon sleeping in the Social Hall as a guarantee and confirmation of their right to have luncheons served on deck between meals and to ask the cap-tain difficult questions in navigation. They availed themselves of this their privilege, not to say undoubted right, with an unswerving deter-mination@-@were not to be persuaded that their state-rooms were habita-ble nor would they permit themselves to be drawn into unnecessary argument about the matter, but maintained a perfectly unanswerable silence that in the end gained them the victory. At four bells, even-ing, elles y étaient, and until morning elles y restaient. If, as some-times happened, a heedless male passenger, on deck after ten o'clock, discovered that he had forgotten some indispensable article of personal