[OCR_toInput] THE JOYS OF AN Englishman's Life. MANY assert, but I ne'er heed 'em, That England is a land of freedom And it shall now be my employment To give an account of the poor man's enjoyment ! The rich may boast of this land of plenty, While they yearly get their thousands twenty But the poor man he may toil and scrub hud, And he still can't keep a loaf in the cupboard ! Sing hey, sing oh, what noise and strife, These are the joys of an Englishman's life '. On Sunday, lately 'twas expected, His freedom would have been restricted He would not haws been suffered to smoke his To eat or walk, or drink his jackey ' backey, Closed all day the butchers and bakerSj To put a stop to sabbath breakers. So the poor who get paid too late for Sunday, Must ha?e gone with empty bellies till Monday. And then, whatever may be his station. His shoulders are loaded with taxation He pays for what nature gave to content him -Fcr the light and the land that providence sent He toils both every day and hour, him. To keep those public thieves in power, And as 'is vain to strive to stop it, he Gives the Bishops a tenth of his properly And if he can't get food for carving, And his wife and children all are starving, How little compassion he gets to his grief, sirs, if he goes and ask for parish relief, sirs. The Overseer will not relieve him, But light genteel employment give, Such as picking of oakham, clearing muck, sirs, Breaking of stones, or dragging a truck, sirs. The rich, who rail about in fashion, May through the streets remorseless dash on, Run over poor old men and women, And ne'er from justice get a trimming ! By Martin's Act, a beast for beating, 25AP7, A heavy fine you must be meeting, v But a rich man for a poor one killing, •.-3.E Is honourably discharged by paying a shilling. The poor man meets no public feeling, He can't get work, and if begging or stealing, To prison he's very soon escorted, Sent lo the mill, or mayhap transported ! Such is the rich man's great humanity, Benevolence, virtue, aud urbanity, He'd see the poor people starve in a group, sirs, E e he'd give them so much as a • ticket for soup sirs. On Sundav, being a day of ltasure, The mechanic goes out for a little pleasure He may quaff his ale, dull care lo bury, And sometimes get a lilile merry. The constables then him abuse, sirs, And knock down arguments they use, sirs, Because of Ihe law he should be in dread, sirs, For breaking the peace, they break his head, sirs. At last, when hunger's sting doth rack him, They kindly in the workhouse pack him They gripe him well, nor deem it cruel, On brown bread, cheese, and water gruel ! If sickness, too, should happen lo drill him, The doctors, out of pity, kill him, And if he can't boast ot a single relation, His body is book'd for anatomization ! Sing hey, sing ho, what noise and strife, Thus finish the joys of an Englishman's life. March to the battle field MARCH to the battle field, The foe is now before us, Each heart is freedom's shield, And heaven smiling o'er us The woes and pains, the galling chains, Which kept our spirits under, In proud disdain we've broke again, And tore each link asuniler. March, c. Who for his country brave, Would fly from the invader, Who his base life to save, Would traitor-like degrade her. Our hallow'd cause, our home and laws, 'Gainst tyrant power sustaining, He'll gain a crown of bright renown, Or die our rights defending. March, c. Ordoyno, Printer, Nottingham.
[OCR_aligned] THE JOYS OF AN Englishman's Life. MANY assert, but I ne'er heed 'em, That England is a land of freedom And it shall now be my employment To give an account of the poor man's enjoyment ! The rich may boast of this land of plenty, While they yearly get their thousands twenty But the poor man he may toil and scrub h@ud, And he still can't keep a loaf in the cupboard ! Sing hey, sing oh, what noise and strife, These are the joys of an Englishman's life '. On Sunday, lately 'twas expected, His freedom would have been restricted He would not haws been suffered to smoke his To eat or walk, or drink his jackey ' backey, Closed all day the butchers and bakerSj To put a stop to sabbath breakers. So the poor who get paid too late for Sunday, Must ha?e gone with empty bellies till Monday. And then, whatever may be his station. His shoulders are loaded with taxation He pays for what nature gave to content him -Fcr the light and the land that providence sent He toils both every day and hour, him. To keep those public thieves in power, And as 'is vain to strive to stop it, he Gives the Bishops a tenth of his properly@ And if he can't get food for carving, And his wife and children all are starving, How little compassion he gets to his grief, sirs, if he goes and ask for parish relief, sirs. The Overseer will not relieve him, But light genteel employment give, Such as picking of oakham, clearing muck, sirs, Breaking of stones, or dragging a truck, sirs. The rich, who rail about in fashion, May through the streets remorseless dash on, Run over poor old men and women, And ne'er from justice get a trimming ! By Martin's Act, a beast for beating, 25AP7, A heavy fine you must be meeting, v But a rich man for a poor one killing, •.-3.E Is honourably discharged by paying a shilling. The poor man meets no public feeling, He can't get work, and if begging or stealing, To prison he's very soon escorted, Sent lo the mill, or mayhap transported ! Such is the rich man's great humanity, Benevolence, virtue, aud urbanity, He'd see the poor people starve in a group, sirs, E e he'd give them so much as a • ticket for soup sirs. On Sundav, being a day of ltasure, The mechanic goes out for a little pleasure He may quaff his ale, dull care lo bury, And sometimes get a lilile merry. The constables then him abuse, sirs, And knock down arguments they use, sirs, Because of Ihe law he should be in dread, sirs, For breaking the peace, they break his head, sirs. At last, when hunger's sting doth rack him, They kindly in the workhouse pack him They gripe him well, nor deem it cruel, On brown bread, cheese, and water gruel ! If sickness, too, should happen lo drill him, The doctors, out of pity, kill him, And if he can't boast ot a single relation, His body is book'd for anatomization ! Sing hey, sing ho, what noise and strife, Thus finish the joys of an Englishman's life. March to the battle field MARCH to the battle field, The foe is now before us, Each heart is freedom's shield, And heaven smiling o'er us The woes and pains, the galling chains, Which kept our spirits under, In proud disdain we've broke again, And tore each link asuniler. March, c. Who for his country brave, Would fly from the invader, Who his base life to save, Would traitor-like degrade her. Our hallow'd cause, our home and laws, 'Gainst tyrant power sustaining, He'll gain a crown of bright renown, Or die our rights defending. March, c. Ordoyno, Printer, Nottingham.
[ GS_aligned] THE JOYS OF AN Englishman's Life. MANY assert, but I ne'er heed 'em, That England is a land of freedom And it shall now be my employment To give an account of the poor man's enjoyment ! The rich may boast of this land of plenty, While they yearly get their thousands twenty But the poor man he may toil and scrub hard, And he still can't keep a loaf in the cupboard ! Sing hey, sing oh, what noise and strife, These are the joys of an Englishman's life @! On Sunday, lately 'twas expected, His freedom would have been restricted He would not have been suffered to smoke his To eat or walk, or drink his jackey @@backey, Closed all day the butchers and bakers, To put a stop to sabbath breakers. So the poor who get paid too late for Sunday, Must have gone with empty bellies till Monday. And then, whatever may be his station, His shoulders are loaded with taxation He pays for what nature gave to content him@-For the light and the land that providence sent He toils both every day and hour, him. To keep those public thieves in power, And as ### vain to strive to stop it, he Gives the Bishops a tenth of his property. And if he can't get food for carving, And his wife and children all are starving, How little compassion he gets to his grief, sirs, If he goes and ask for parish relief, sirs. The Overseer will not relieve him, But light genteel employment give, Such as picking of oakham, clearing muck, sirs, Breaking of stones, or dragging a truck, sirs. The rich, who roll about in fashion, May through the streets remorseless dash on, Run over poor old men and women, And ne'er from justice get a trimming ! By Martin's Act, a beast for beating@@@@@@@, A heavy fine you must be meeting, @@But a rich man for a poor one killing,@@@@@@@ Is honourably discharged by paying a shilling. The poor man meets no public feeling, He can't get work, and if begging or stealing, To prison he's very soon escorted, Sent to the mill, or mayhap transported ! Such is the rich man's great humanity, Benevolence, virtue, and urbanity, He'd see the poor people starve in a group, sirs, ### he'd give them so much as a @'ticket for soup sirs. On Sunday, being a day of leasure, The mechanic goes out for a little pleasure He may quaff his ale, dull care to bury, And sometimes get a little merry. ### constables then him abuse, sirs, And knock down arguments they use, sirs, Because of the law he should be in dread, sirs, For breaking the peace, they break his head, sirs. At last, when hunger's sting doth rack him, They kindly in the workhouse pack him They gripe him well, nor deem it cruel, On brown bread, cheese, and water gruel ! If sickness, too, should happen to drill him, The doctors, out of pity, kill him, And if he can't boast of a single relation, His body is book'd for anatomization ! Sing hey, sing ho, what noise and strife, Thus finish the joys of an Englishman's life. March to the battle field MARCH to the battle field, The foe is now before us, Each heart is freedom's shield, And heaven smiling o'er us The woes and pains, the galling chains, Which kept our spirits under, In proud disdain we've broke again, And tore each link asun@der. March, c. Who for his country brave, Would fly from the invader, Who his base life to save, Would traitor-like degrade her. Our hallow'd cause, our home and laws, 'Gainst tyrant power sustaining, He'll gain a crown of bright renown, Or die our rights defending. March, c. Ordoyno, Printer, Nottingham.