[OCR_toInput] SABBATH ISLAND. 93 ' The division of the year is into the wet and dry seasons, though rain falls at all times of the year. The difference is, that a much greater quantity falls in the rainy or hurricane season, as it is more commonly called beginning in the latter part of July and ending in October , than at any period of the year. By the register kept in the garrison at Mome Bruce, it appears that from April, 1846, to April, 1847, sixty-eight inches of rain fell, and during the succeeding year seventy-two inches. ' Vegetation is hurried on with extraordinary rapidity by the heat and light and continual supply of moisture but decay is equally rapid. In these countries, indeed, the destructive process that is in operation everywhere goes on with an energy and activity unknown in temperate climates. The heavy rains, follow7ed by intense heat and high winds, act upon the cliffs, and continually detach stones and large fragments of the rock. Where the roads lead under these cliffs, it is dangerous to pass during or after heavy rain. Landslips are constantly happen-ing in all parts of the island. The mountain-slopes are washed by the floods of rain in the hurricane season, and the clear, sparkling stream-let becomes all at once a turbid, impetuous torrent, dashing down to the bottom of the ravine to join the river below, which rolls on to the sea loaded with immense quantities of earth, vegetable and animal matter, and the trunks of trees and sometimes large stones are car-ried along its bed by the force of the torrent. The ocean is tinged for miles out by the red earthy matter, and the debris often is washed up by the waves, and strewed along the coasts. Nature, indeed, in these islands, assumes her most terrible as well as her most beautiful forms, for what visitations can be more appalling than the earthquake and the hurricane - the one shaking down cities in a few minutes, and burying their miserable inhabitants in the ruins the other sweep-ing, with its destructive blast, across the face of the land, and leaving only desolation and ruin behind ? ' The population, according to the census of 1881, was 2S,211. Of this total 309 were of Carib blood of these 173 are said to be pure
[OCR_aligned] SABBATH ISLAND. 93 ' The division of the year is into the wet and dry seasons, though rain falls at all times of the year. The difference is, that a much greater quantity falls in the rainy or hurricane season, as it is more commonly called beginning in the latter part of July and ending in October , than at any period of the year. By the register kept in the garrison at Mo@me Bruce, it appears that from April, 1846, to April, 1847, sixty-eight inches of rain fell, and during the succeeding year seventy-two inches. ' Vegetation is hurried on with extraordinary rapidity by the heat and light and continual supply of moisture but decay is equally rapid. In these countries, indeed, the destructive process that is in operation everywhere goes on with an energy and activity unknown in temperate climates. The heavy rains, follow7ed by intense heat and high winds, act upon the cliffs, and continually detach stones and large fragments of the rock. Where the roads lead under these cliffs, it is dangerous to pass during or after heavy rain. Landslips are constantly happen-ing in all parts of the island. The mountain-slopes are washed by the floods of rain in the hurricane season, and the clear, sparkling stream-let becomes all at once a turbid, impetuous torrent, dashing down to the bottom of the ravine to join the river below, which rolls on to the sea loaded with immense quantities of earth, vegetable and animal matter, and the trunks of trees and sometimes large stones are car-ried along its bed by the force of the torrent. The ocean is tinged for miles out by the red earthy matter, and the debris often is washed up by the waves, and strewed along the coasts. Nature, indeed, in these islands, assumes her most terrible as well as her most beautiful forms, for what visitations can be more appalling than the earthquake and the hurricane - the one shaking down cities in a few minutes, and burying their miserable inhabitants in the ruins the other sweep-ing, with its destructive blast, across the face of the land, and leaving only desolation and ruin behind ? ' The population, according to the census of 1881, was 2S,211. Of this total 309 were of Carib blood of these 173 are said to be pure
[ GS_aligned] ######################## division of the year is into the wet and dry seasons, though rain falls at all times of the year. The difference is, that a much greater quantity falls in the rainy or hurricane season, as it is more commonly called beginning in the latter part of July and ending in October , than at any period of the year. By the register kept in the garrison at Morne Bruce, it appears that from April, 1846, to April, 1847, sixty-eight inches of rain fell, and during the succeeding year seventy-two inches. '@Vegetation is hurried on with extraordinary rapidity by the heat and light and continual supply of moisture but decay is equally rapid. In these countries, indeed, the destructive process that is in operation everywhere goes on with an energy and activity unknown in temperate climates. The heavy rains, follow@ed by intense heat and high winds, act upon the cliffs, and continually detach stones and large fragments of the rock. Where the roads lead under these cliffs, it is dangerous to pass during or after heavy rain. Landslips are constantly happen-ing in all parts of the island. The mountain-slopes are washed by the floods of rain in the hurricane season, and the clear, sparkling stream-let becomes all at once a turbid, impetuous torrent, dashing down to the bottom of the ravine to join the river below, which rolls on to the sea loaded with immense quantities of earth, vegetable and animal matter, and the trunks of trees and sometimes large stones are car-ried along its bed by the force of the torrent. The ocean is tinged for miles out by the red earthy matter, and the débris often is washed up by the waves, and strewed along the coasts. Nature, indeed, in these islands, assumes her most terrible as well as her most beautiful forms, for what visitations can be more appalling than the earthquake and the hurricane@-@the one shaking down cities in a few minutes, and burying their miserable inhabitants in the ruins the other sweep-ing, with its destructive blast, across the face of the land, and leaving only desolation and ruin behind ?@' The population, according to the census of 1881, was 28,211. Of this total 309 were of Carib blood of these 173 are said to be pure