[OCR_toInput] 94 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Carib by uncontaminated descent but there are those who assert, on the other hand, that at present there are no people of unmixed Indian blood on the island. In the foregoing extracts from Dr. Imray's description of the island the rainfall is said to be less than eighty inches in each year this does not accord with what I have elsewhere stated, that as much as two hundred and eight inches of rain was estimated to have fallen in certain years. I made the extract in testimony of the larger quantity of annual rainfall from Antigua and the Antiguans, a history to which I am inclined to accord a cer tain degree of reliability. It is more than likely, however, that Dr. Imray states the fact with greater exactness this would seem to be probable, when it is remembered that he made his residence in the island of Dominica, and was therefore presumably fitted to speak with definite understanding of all such matters. Should the rain fall of Dominica be less than eighty7 inches, it is still double, or nearly double, that of the neighboring drought ' land of Antigua, and it was the contrast between the climates of the two Caribbees that I was seeking to illustrate when I quoted from the book in question. About twenty thousand acres of land only may be said to be under active cultivation in the body of the island, that is to say, successively tilled from year to year, although a much greater quantity is occasion ally, and at irregular intervals, brought under crops. Be this as it may, by far the greater part of Dominica is unbroken wilderness. The four centuries that have passed since the great Admiral christened it Sabbath Island have changed its aspect, we may well be sure, but little. Its impenetrable forests and steep hill-sides have resisted the axe and ploughshare, setting at naught the toil of settlers, save where here and there infrequent clearings, by almost infinite labor, have been made to yield rich crops of sugar-cane, and, in former days, abundant supplies of coffee, indigo, and, it is said, some cotton. Sugar, of course, is the principal product - of which six thousand hogs heads was the largest annual yield at any time, that is to say, an
[OCR_aligned] 94 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Carib by uncontaminated descent but there are those who assert, on the other hand, that at present there are no people of unmixed Indian blood on the island. In the foregoing extracts from Dr. Imray's description of the island the rainfall is said to be less than eighty inches in each year this does not accord with what I have elsewhere stated, that as much as two hundred and eight inches of rain was estimated to have fallen in certain years. I made the extract in testimony of the larger quantity of annual rainfall from Antigua and the Antiguans, a history to which I am inclined to accord a cer tain degree of reliability. It is more than likely, however, that Dr. Imray states the fact with greater exactness this would seem to be probable, when it is remembered that he made his residence in the island of Dominica, and was therefore presumably fitted to speak with definite understanding of all such matters. Should the rain fall of Dominica be less than eighty7 inches, it is still double, or nearly double, that of the neighboring drought ' land of Antigua, and it was the contrast between the climates of the two Caribbees that I was seeking to illustrate when I quoted from the book in question. About twenty thousand acres of land only may be said to be under active cultivation in the body of the island, that is to say, successively tilled from year to year, although a much greater quantity is occasion ally, and at irregular intervals, brought under crops. Be this as it may, by far the greater part of Dominica is unbroken wilderness. The four centuries that have passed since the great Admiral christened it Sabbath Island have changed its aspect, we may well be sure, but little. Its impenetrable forests and steep hill-sides have resisted the axe and ploughshare, setting at naught the toil of settlers, save where here and there infrequent clearings, by almost infinite labor, have been made to yield rich crops of sugar-cane, and, in former days, abundant supplies of coffee, indigo, and, it is said, some cotton. Sugar, of course, is the principal product - of which six thousand hogs heads was the largest annual yield at any time, that is to say, an
[ GS_aligned] ########################## by uncontaminated descent but there are those who assert, on the other hand, that at present there are no people of unmixed Indian blood on the island. In the foregoing extracts from Dr. Imray's description of the island the rainfall is said to be less than eighty inches in each year this does not accord with what I have elsewhere stated, that as much as two hundred and eight inches of rain was estimated to have fallen in certain years. I made the extract in testimony of the larger quantity of annual rainfall from Antigua and the Antiguans, a history to which I am inclined to accord a cer-tain degree of reliability. It is more than likely, however, that Dr. Imray states the fact with greater exactness this would seem to be probable, when it is remembered that he made his residence in the island of Dominica, and was therefore presumably fitted to speak with definite understanding of all such matters. Should the rain-fall of Dominica be less than eighty@ inches, it is still double, or nearly double, that of the neighboring drought@y land of Antigua, and it was the contrast between the climates of the two Caribbees that I was seeking to illustrate when I quoted from the book in question. About twenty thousand acres of land only may be said to be under active cultivation in the body of the island, that is to say, successively tilled from year to year, although a much greater quantity is occasion-ally, and at irregular intervals, brought under crops. Be this as it may, by far the greater part of Dominica is unbroken wilderness. The four centuries that have passed since the great Admiral christened it Sabbath Island have changed its aspect, we may well be sure, but little. Its impenetrable forests and steep hill-sides have resisted the axe and ploughshare, setting at naught the toil of settlers, save where here and there infrequent clearings, by almost infinite labor, have been made to yield rich crops of sugar-cane, and, in former days, abundant supplies of coffee, indigo, and, it is said, some cotton. Sugar, of course, is the principal product@-@of which six thousand hogs-heads was the largest annual yield at any time, that is to say, an