[OCR_toInput] SABBATH ISLAND. 97 macy. This process of civilizing the Caribs went ruthlessly on - Carib against Spaniard, Frenchman, Dutchman, Englishman, Carib against the whole world, until there remains of the ancient possessors of these islands but a handful on Dominica and a wretched band of half-breeds half Carib, lralf runaway-slave on the island of St. Vincent nor will it be many years until the last Carib shall be gathered to his fore fathers, leaving nothing but a tradition - the imperfectly remembered story of a once mighty people. On Sunday, November 3, 1493, Columbus, on his second voyage, discovered Dominica, and naming it in honor of the day7, sailed to the east of north, laying his course for a smaller island, upon which he landed, calling it Marigalante, after the name of his own ship. Taking possession of all the islands in sight in the name of Ferdi nand and Isabella, naming the largest of them Guadalupe having promised the monks of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Estremadura to call some newly discovered place after their convent , Columbus con tinued on his voyage, passed Antigua, St. Kitt's, and the islands to the north and west of Dominica, and so came to Hayti, his desired haven. In after years so troublesome did the Caribs become, opposing all attempts to settle or even explore Dominica, that the historian Da vies, failing to possess himself of accurate information concerning it, romances about the island in a manner worthy of credulous Sir John Mandeville himself. Writing of Dominica in 1666, he states that in his day it was a howling wilderness, inhabited by hordes of hostile savages who dwell among horrid and unnatural scenery, infested by an infinite number of reptiles of a dreadful bulk and length, men tioning in particular one monstrous serpent that wore on its head a very sparkling stone, like a carbuncle, of inestimable price. ... It commonly veiled that jewel with a thin moving skin, like a man's eye lid, but when it went to drink or sported itself this reptile fully dis covered it, so that the rocks and all about it received a wonderful lustre from the fires issuing out of that precious crown. The Caribs kept away from the coast, hiding themselves in the forests aud fortifying 7
[OCR_aligned] SABBATH ISLAND. 97 macy. This process of civilizing the Caribs went ruthlessly on - Carib against Spaniard, Frenchman, Dutchman, Englishman, Carib against the whole world, until there remains of the ancient possessors of these islands but a handful on Dominica and a wretched band of half-breeds half Carib, lralf runaway-slave on the island of St. Vincent nor will it be many years until the last Carib shall be gathered to his fore fathers, leaving nothing but a tradition - the imperfectly remembered story of a once mighty people. On Sunday, November 3, 1493, Columbus, on his second voyage, discovered Dominica, and naming it in honor of the day7, sailed to the east of north, laying his course for a smaller island, upon which he landed, calling it Marigalante, after the name of his own ship. Taking possession of all the islands in sight in the name of Ferdi nand and Isabella, naming the largest of them Guadalupe having promised the monks of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Estremadura to call some newly discovered place after their convent , Columbus con tinued on his voyage, passed Antigua, St. Kitt's, and the islands to the north and west of Dominica, and so came to Hayti, his desired haven. In after years so troublesome did the Caribs become, opposing all attempts to settle or even explore Dominica, that the historian Da vies, failing to possess himself of accurate information concerning it, romances about the island in a manner worthy of credulous Sir John Mandeville himself. Writing of Dominica in 1666, he states that in his day it was a howling wilderness, inhabited by hordes of hostile savages who dwell among horrid and unnatural scenery, infested by an infinite number of reptiles of a dreadful bulk and length, men tioning in particular one monstrous serpent that wore on its head a very sparkling stone, like a carbuncle, of inestimable price. .@.@. It commonly veiled that jewel with a thin moving skin, like a man's eye lid, but when it went to drink or sported itself this reptile fully dis covered it, so that the rocks and all about it received a wonderful lustre from the fires issuing out of that precious crown. The Caribs kept away from the coast, hiding themselves in the forests aud fortifying 7
[ GS_aligned] ######################## This process of civilizing the Caribs went ruthlessly on@-@Carib against Spaniard, Frenchman, Dutchman, Englishman, Carib against the whole world, until there remains of the ancient possessors of these islands but a handful on Dominica and a wretched band of half-breeds half Carib, @half runaway-slave on the island of St. Vincent nor will it be many years until the last Carib shall be gathered to his fore-fathers, leaving nothing but a tradition@-@the imperfectly remembered story of a once mighty people. On Sunday, November 3, 1493, Columbus, on his second voyage, discovered Dominica, and naming it in honor of the day@, sailed to the east of north, laying his course for a smaller island, upon which he landed, calling it Marigalante, after the name of his own ship. Taking possession of all the islands in sight in the name of Ferdi-nand and Isabella, naming the largest of them Guadalupe having promised the monks of Our Lady of Guadalupe in Estremadura to call some newly discovered place after their convent , Columbus con-tinued on his voyage, passed Antigua, St. Kitt's, and the islands to the north and west of Dominica, and so came to Hayti, his desired haven. In after years so troublesome did the Caribs become, opposing all attempts to settle or even explore Dominica, that the historian Da-vies, failing to possess himself of accurate information concerning it, romances about the island in a manner worthy of credulous Sir John Mandeville himself. Writing of Dominica in 1666, he states that in his day it was a howling wilderness, inhabited by hordes of hostile savages who dwell among horrid and unnatural scenery, infested by an infinite number of reptiles of a dreadful bulk and length, men-tioning in particular one monstrous serpent that wore on its head a very sparkling stone, like a carbuncle, of inestimable price. . . . It commonly veiled that jewel with a thin moving skin, like a man's eye-lid, but when it went to drink or sported itself this reptile fully dis-covered it, so that the rocks and all about it received a wonderful lustre from the fires issuing out of that precious crown. The Caribs kept away from the coast, hiding themselves in the forests and fortifying #