[OCR_toInput] 98 DOWN THE ISLANDS. their almost inaccessible mountain-encampments, leaving the shore in horrid solitude to the sea-birds that are, for the most part, says Da vies, taken by hand, not fearing man, in regard they seldom see any. The Caribs had good reason to keep away from the sea-shore, for Oldmixon tells us that At this time 1676 there was a wicked practice in the West Indies of which the English are accused, and that was their stealing and enslaving Indians, which they took on the con tinent or the islands, and one, Colonel Warner, being charged with the unlawful traffic - if it deserves that name - was made a prisoner in England . and sent ... to Barbadoes to take a trial there, but he found so many friends that he came off. He also states that although Dominica was claimed by the English sovereigns as a jewel in the British crown, they could not for many years base their right of ownership on any proof of peaceful possession or even successful re sistance to the native attempts to dispossess them of it for their sub jects, who desired to settle upon the island, maintained with diffi culty a mere foothold on the coast, all their efforts to penetrate into the interior resulting in certain loss of life and disastrous defeat. So that, although the English pretended to be lords of this island, they never successfully attempted to make any settlement upon it, the Caribbeans are so numerous. . . . 'Tis likely the Caribbeans will never part with the possession of this island, and so it may as well be left out of the Governor of Barbadoes' commission, as the Kingdom of Jerusalem out of the King of Spain's titles. From time to time runaway negro slaves joined themselves to the Caribs, and by intermarriage bred a race of black Caribs, as the half-bloods are called, to distinguish them from the yellow or true Caribs. Gradually the aborigines were driven from their ancient do mains, until in our days they are crowded into a small reservation on the windward side of the island, extending three or four miles along the Atlantic coast and reaching inland to the summits of the moun tains. There they live pensioners upon the charity of a government that, as we have seen, once despaired of ever being able to conquer
[OCR_aligned] 98 DOWN THE ISLANDS. their almost inaccessible mountain-encampments, leaving the shore in horrid solitude to the sea-birds that are, for the most part, says Da vies, taken by hand, not fearing man, in regard they seldom see any. The Caribs had good reason to keep away from the sea-shore, for Oldmixon tells us that At this time 1676 there was a wicked practice in the West Indies of which the English are accused, and that was their stealing and enslaving Indians, which they took on the con tinent or the islands, and one, Colonel Warner, being charged with the unlawful traffic - if it deserves that name - was made a prisoner in England . and sent .@.@. to Barbadoes to take a trial there, but he found so many friends that he came off. He also states that although Dominica was claimed by the English sovereigns as a jewel in the British crown, they could not for many years base their right of ownership on any proof of peaceful possession or even successful re sistance to the native attempts to dispossess them of it for their sub jects, who desired to settle upon the island, maintained with diffi culty a mere foothold on the coast, all their efforts to penetrate into the interior resulting in certain loss of life and disastrous defeat. So that, although the English pretended to be lords of this island, they never successfully attempted to make any settlement upon it, the Caribbeans are so numerous. . . . 'Tis likely the Caribbeans will never part with the possession of this island, and so it may as well be left out of the Governor of Barbadoes' commission, as the Kingdom of Jerusalem out of the King of Spain's titles. From time to time runaway negro slaves joined themselves to the Caribs, and by intermarriage bred a race of black Caribs, as the half-bloods are called, to distinguish them from the yellow or true Caribs. Gradually the aborigines were driven from their ancient do mains, until in our days they are crowded into a small reservation on the windward side of the island, extending three or four miles along the Atlantic coast and reaching inland to the summits of the moun tains. There they live pensioners upon the charity of a government that, as we have seen, once despaired of ever being able to conquer
[ GS_aligned] ########################## almost inaccessible mountain-encampments, leaving the shore in horrid solitude to the sea-birds that are, for the most part, says Da-vies, taken by hand, not fearing man, in regard they seldom see any. The Caribs had good reason to keep away from the sea-shore, for Oldmixon tells us that At this time 1676 there was a wicked practice in the West Indies of which the English are accused, and that was their stealing and enslaving Indians, which they took on the con-tinent or the islands, and one, Colonel Warner, being charged with the unlawful traffic@-@if it deserves that name@-@was made a prisoner in England@, and sent . . . to Barbadoes to take a trial there, but he found so many friends that he came off. He also states that although Dominica was claimed by the English sovereigns as a jewel in the British crown, they could not for many years base their right of ownership on any proof of peaceful possession or even successful re-sistance to the native attempts to dispossess them of it for their sub-jects, who desired to settle upon the island, maintained with diffi-culty a mere foothold on the coast, all their efforts to penetrate into the interior resulting in certain loss of life and disastrous defeat. So that, although the English pretended to be lords of this island, they never successfully attempted to make any settlement upon it, the Caribbeans are so numerous. . . . 'Tis likely the Caribbeans will never part with the possession of this island, and so it may as well be left out of the Governor of Barbadoes' commission, as the Kingdom of Jerusalem out of the King of Spain's titles. From time to time runaway negro slaves joined themselves to the Caribs, and by intermarriage bred a race of black Caribs, as the half-bloods are called, to distinguish them from the yellow or true Caribs. Gradually the aborigines were driven from their ancient do-mains, until in our days they are crowded into a small reservation on the windward side of the island, extending three or four miles along the Atlantic coast and reaching inland to the summits of the moun-tains. There they live pensioners upon the charity of a government that, as we have seen, once despaired of ever being able to conquer