[OCR_toInput] MADANINA-MARTINIQ UE. 103 growth of trees. The surface of the island is rugged and mountainous, the shores steep and precipitous. Great promontories and headlands project out to sea, enclosing deep bays and narrow inlets. Many lofty peaks rise in the centre of the island Mont Pelee, over 4,400 feet high, most prominent of all, towers in the northwest , overlooking valleys and table-lands, covered with dense high woods, as the pri-meval forests are called. In the centre of the island the Pitons du Carbet attain a height of 4,000 feet, forming a group of very rugged, conical peaks, while in the southeast Mont Vauclin, with flattened top, stands up boldly 1,600 feet into heaven. These three elevations, sur-mounting the foot-hills, are visible far out at sea, rendering Martinique a conspicuous landfall to mariners while yet many miles of ocean sep-arate them from the land. All the mountains of the island show traces and scars of their volcanic origin, and in this island, as in Nevis, St. Lucia, Dominica, and others of the mountainous islands, there are numerous boiling springs, some of which are possessed of medicinal and curative properties. The soil is a rich vegetable loam, mingled with pumice it is rich beyond all belief, readily cultivated, and for this reason Mar-tinique is esteemed as the most fertile of all the Caribbees, with the possible exception of St. Christopher and.wonderful Barbados. The climate is delightfnl at all times of the year except during the months of July, August, and September the inhabitants enjoy immunity from hurricanes, for the island lies out of the well-defined track of the cyclones that frequently burst with phenomenal fury on the shores of others of the Caribbees. The mean annual temperature is 81° of heat - the warmest weather prevails in June, when the thermometer aver-ages 83° the coolest in January, when the mean temperature is 77°. In August, during the height of the wet season, the rainfall amounts to 11.5 inches in March, the driest of the months, to 3.7 inches, and the total for the year is eighty-seven inches, or more than double the total rainfall of New England. Taking the size of the island into consideration, its population,which amounts to no less than 163,000 an average of 42S to the square mile ,
[OCR_aligned] MADANINA-MARTINIQ UE. 103 growth of trees. The surface of the island is rugged and mountainous, the shores steep and precipitous. Great promontories and headlands project out to sea, enclosing deep bays and narrow inlets. Many lofty peaks rise in the centre of the island Mont Pelee, over 4,400 feet high, most prominent of all, towers in the northwest , overlooking valleys and table-lands, covered with dense high woods, as the pri-meval forests are called. In the centre of the island the Pitons du Carbet attain a height of 4,000 feet, forming a group of very rugged, conical peaks, while in the southeast Mont Vauclin, with flattened top, stands up boldly 1,600 feet into heaven. These three elevations, sur-mounting the foot-hills, are visible far out at sea, rendering Martinique a conspicuous landfall to mariners while yet many miles of ocean sep-arate them from the land. All the mountains of the island show traces and scars of their volcanic origin, and in this island, as in Nevis, St. Lucia, Dominica, and others of the mountainous islands, there are numerous boiling springs, some of which are possessed of medicinal and curative properties. The soil is a rich vegetable loam, mingled with pumice it is rich beyond all belief, readily cultivated, and for this reason Mar-tinique is esteemed as the most fertile of all the Caribbees, with the possible exception of St. Christopher and.wonderful Barbados. The climate is delightfnl at all times of the year except during the months of July, August, and September the inhabitants enjoy immunity from hurricanes, for the island lies out of the well-defined track of the cyclones that frequently burst with phenomenal fury on the shores of others of the Caribbees. The mean annual temperature is 81° of heat - the warmest weather prevails in June, when the thermometer aver-ages 83° the coolest in January, when the mean temperature is 77°. In August, during the height of the wet season, the rainfall amounts to 11.5 inches in March, the driest of the months, to 3.7 inches, and the total for the year is eighty-seven inches, or more than double the total rainfall of New England. Taking the size of the island into consideration, its population,which amounts to no less than 163,000 an average of 42S to the square mile ,
[ GS_aligned] ################################ of trees. The surface of the island is rugged and mountainous, the shores steep and precipitous. Great promontories and headlands project out to sea, enclosing deep bays and narrow inlets. Many lofty peaks rise in the centre of the island Mont Pelée, over 4,400 feet high, most prominent of all, towers in the northwest , overlooking valleys and table-lands, covered with dense high woods, as the pri-meval forests are called. In the centre of the island the Pitons du Carbet attain a height of 4,000 feet, forming a group of very rugged, conical peaks, while in the southeast Mont Vauclin, with flattened top, stands up boldly 1,600 feet into heaven. These three elevations, sur-mounting the foot-hills, are visible far out at sea, rendering Martinique a conspicuous landfall to mariners while yet many miles of ocean sep-arate them from the land. All the mountains of the island show traces and scars of their volcanic origin, and in this island, as in Nevis, St. Lucia, Dominica, and others of the mountainous islands, there are numerous boiling springs, some of which are possessed of medicinal and curative properties. The soil is a rich vegetable loam, mingled with pumice it is rich beyond all belief, readily cultivated, and for this reason Mar-tinique is esteemed as the most fertile of all the Caribbees, with the possible exception of St. Christopher and wonderful Barbados. The climate is delightful at all times of the year except during the months of July, August, and September the inhabitants enjoy immunity from hurricanes, for the island lies out of the well-defined track of the cyclones that frequently burst with phenomenal fury on the shores of others of the Caribbees. The mean annual temperature is 81° of heat -@the warmest weather prevails in June, when the thermometer aver-ages 83° the coolest in January, when the mean temperature is 77°. In August, during the height of the wet season, the rainfall amounts to 11.5 inches in March, the driest of the months, to 3.7 inches, and the total for the year is eighty-seven inches, or more than double the total rainfall of New England. Taking the size of the island into consideration, its population,which amounts to no less than 163,000 an average of 428 to the square mile ,