[OCR_toInput] 104 DOWN THE ISLANDS. is remarkably large. Belgium, the most thickly populated country in Europe, contains but 440 people to the square mile therefore it would appear that Martinique is one of the most densely inhabited parts of the globe. When we recall the fact that in the whole island there are but 80,000 acres under cultivation, we may well wonder how it is possible for so many human beings to find subsistence, or how even a small proportion of them can find work of any kind to keep their idle fingers from picking and stealing. Nearly ninety per cent, of the in habitants of Martinique are of pure negro blood, or have African blood in their veins. It is said the half-breeds predominate, for the reason that white and black races have mingled more freely than has been the case on the islands belonging to Great Britain. The colored people of Martinique are, it is said, more prosperous, better fed and cared for, more ambitious of getting on in the world, and consequently more industrious and intelligent, than the blacks on other islands. I can hardly credit the statement, made in my hearing while on the island, by a French Creole, who presumably had no intent or desire to exaggerate its grossness, that sixty-six per cent, of all the children born on the island are of illegitimate birth. If this be true, I can imagine a more hideous social condition does not exist elsewhere in the so called civilized world, unless it be among the negroes on the island of Hayti, for instance, where the blacks are rapidly returning to a state of barbarism more cruel and degraded, more hopeless than that in which their ancestors were found when their enslavers brought them from Africa. Late in the afternoon the Barracouta announced her arrival in the roadstead of St. Pierre by firing a salute, which was so promptly an swered from shore that the report of the cannon on land sounded like the echo of the ship's brass twelve-pounder. The darkies that came to meet us in a flotilla of small boats made as great an outcry as did their dusky brethren at the other ports we had visited, but, unlike the Kittefonian or Antignan darkies, who jabbered an almost unintelligi ble English dialect, the Martinique colored folks jabbered a perfectly
[OCR_aligned] 104 DOWN THE ISLANDS. is remarkably large. Belgium, the most thickly populated country in Europe, contains but 440 people to the square mile therefore it would appear that Martinique is one of the most densely inhabited parts of the globe. When we recall the fact that in the whole island there are but 80,000 acres under cultivation, we may well wonder how it is possible for so many human beings to find subsistence, or how even a small proportion of them can find work of any kind to keep their idle fingers from picking and stealing. Nearly ninety per cent, of the in habitants of Martinique are of pure negro blood, or have African blood in their veins. It is said the half-breeds predominate, for the reason that white and black races have mingled more freely than has been the case on the islands belonging to Great Britain. The colored people of Martinique are, it is said, more prosperous, better fed and cared for, more ambitious of getting on in the world, and consequently more industrious and intelligent, than the blacks on other islands. I can hardly credit the statement, made in my hearing while on the island, by a French Creole, who presumably had no intent or desire to exaggerate its grossness, that sixty-six per cent, of all the children born on the island are of illegitimate birth. If this be true, I can imagine a more hideous social condition does not exist elsewhere in the so called civilized world, unless it be among the negroes on the island of Hayti, for instance, where the blacks are rapidly returning to a state of barbarism more cruel and degraded, more hopeless than that in which their ancestors were found when their enslavers brought them from Africa. Late in the afternoon the Barracouta announced her arrival in the roadstead of St. Pierre by firing a salute, which was so promptly an swered from shore that the report of the cannon on land sounded like the echo of the ship's brass twelve-pounder. The darkies that came to meet us in a flotilla of small boats made as great an outcry as did their dusky brethren at the other ports we had visited, but, unlike the Kittefonian or Antignan darkies, who jabbered an almost unintelligi ble English dialect, the Martinique colored folks jabbered a perfectly
[ GS_aligned] ######################## remarkably large. Belgium, the most thickly populated country in Europe, contains but 440 people to the square mile therefore it would appear that Martinique is one of the most densely inhabited parts of the globe. When we recall the fact that in the whole island there are but 80,000 acres under cultivation, we may well wonder how it is possible for so many human beings to find subsistence, or how even a small proportion of them can find work of any kind to keep their idle fingers from picking and stealing. Nearly ninety per cent. of the in-habitants of Martinique are of pure negro blood, or have African blood in their veins. It is said the half-breeds predominate, for the reason that white and black races have mingled more freely than has been the case on the islands belonging to Great Britain. The colored people of Martinique are, it is said, more prosperous, better fed and cared for, more ambitious of getting on in the world, and consequently more industrious and intelligent, than the blacks on other islands. I can hardly credit the statement, made in my hearing while on the island, by a French creole, who presumably had no intent or desire to exaggerate its grossness, that sixty-six per cent. of all the children born on the island are of illegitimate birth. If this be true, I can imagine a more hideous social condition does not exist elsewhere in the so-called civilized world, unless it be among the negroes on the island of Hayti, for instance, where the blacks are rapidly returning to a state of barbarism more cruel and degraded, more hopeless than that in which their ancestors were found when their enslavers brought them from Africa. Late in the afternoon the Barracouta announced her arrival in the roadstead of St. Pierre by firing a salute, which was so promptly an-swered from shore that the report of the cannon on land sounded like the echo of the ship's brass twelve-pounder. The darkies that came to meet us in a flotilla of small boats made as great an outcry as did their dusky brethren at the other ports we had visited, but, unlike the Kittefonian or Antiguan darkies, who jabbered an almost unintelligi-ble English dialect, the Martinique colored folks jabbered a perfectly