[OCR_toInput] MADANINA-MARTIN1Q UE. 109 from the saccatra of pure African blood to the sangmele, who, being al most white, might readily pass for a swarthy French Creole of European descent. The costumes of the women were neat and agreeably clean their gowns, of cheapest prints or coarsest colored-stuffs, were arranged with taste and carefully draped. The garment of prevailing fashion was a single loose wrapper of colored calico or flowered muslin, belted at the waist with artful but perfectly excusable care. The young women leave one arm and shoulder bare, which, thrown into strong re lief by well-washed cambric, makes a pleasing study in black and white, well worthy of the chalk and charcoal of the ablest Tile Club man or Salmagundian. When walking, the negresses gather up one side of their phylacteries, fastening them at the hip, thus adding to their jaunty appearance, gaining a certain chic which lends an artistic finish to their toilet for the negresses have learned from their French mis tresses the arts and graces of making themselves attractive, and beyond doubt study how to make themselves pleasing in the sight of men. With a Franco- As ricaine, love of personal adornment is a passion in the gratification of which she displays a reckless extravagance, as witness the immense string of beads of extraordinary size she coils around her shapely neck, to say nothing of the preposterous rings she attaches to her ears - I do not exaggerate when I state that it would require but little stretch of the imagination, or of the ear-rings them selves, to speak of some of them as being large enough to serve as muffin rings. A favorite form of ornament is composed of six golden bars, as large round and as long as the wearer's little finger, bound together with heavy bands these ear-rings look more like the gilt bar rels of a six-chambered pistol than female gewgaws, and the beholder is surprised to find that the lobe of the human ear can bear the weight of so much metal without being torn or causing pain to the wearer. In keeping with these encumbrances, the size of which I do not exag gerate, are brooches as large as soap-dishes, lockets the size of snuff boxes, bracelets, armlets, finger-rings of all patterns and degrees of inconvenience - all gorgeous, not to say stunning - and I can hardly
[OCR_aligned] MADANINA-MARTIN1Q UE. 109 from the saccatra of pure African blood to the sangmele, who, being al most white, might readily pass for a swarthy French Creole of European descent. The costumes of the women were neat and agreeably clean their gowns, of cheapest prints or coarsest colored-stuffs, were arranged with taste and carefully draped. The garment of prevailing fashion was a single loose wrapper of colored calico or flowered muslin, belted at the waist with artful but perfectly excusable care. The young women leave one arm and shoulder bare, which, thrown into strong re lief by well-washed cambric, makes a pleasing study in black and white, well worthy of the chalk and charcoal of the ablest Tile Club man or Salmagundian. When walking, the negresses gather up one side of their phylacteries, fastening them at the hip, thus adding to their jaunty appearance, gaining a certain chic which lends an artistic finish to their toilet for the negresses have learned from their French mis tresses the arts and graces of making themselves attractive, and beyond doubt study how to make themselves pleasing in the sight of men. With a Franco- As ricaine, love of personal adornment is a passion in the gratification of which she displays a reckless extravagance, as witness the immense string of beads of extraordinary size she coils around her shapely neck, to say nothing of the preposterous rings she attaches to her ears - I do not exaggerate when I state that it would require but little stretch of the imagination, or of the ear-rings them selves, to speak of some of them as being large enough to serve as muffin rings. A favorite form of ornament is composed of six golden bars, as large round and as long as the wearer's little finger, bound together with heavy bands these ear-rings look more like the gilt bar rels of a six-chambered pistol than female gewgaws, and the beholder is surprised to find that the lobe of the human ear can bear the weight of so much metal without being torn or causing pain to the wearer. In keeping with these encumbrances, the size of which I do not exag gerate, are brooches as large as soap-dishes, lockets the size of snuff boxes, bracelets, armlets, finger-rings of all patterns and degrees of inconvenience - all gorgeous, not to say stunning - and I can hardly
[ GS_aligned] ############################## the saccatra of pure African blood to the sangmêlé, who, being al-most white, might readily pass for a swarthy French creole of European descent. The costumes of the women were neat and agreeably clean their gowns, of cheapest prints or coarsest colored-stuffs, were arranged with taste and carefully draped. The garment of prevailing fashion was a single loose wrapper of colored calico or flowered muslin, belted at the waist with artful but perfectly excusable care. The young women leave one arm and shoulder bare, which, thrown into strong re-lief by well-washed cambric, makes a pleasing study in black and white, well worthy of the chalk and charcoal of the ablest Tile Club man or Salmagundian. When walking, the negresses gather up one side of their phylacteries, fastening them at the hip, thus adding to their jaunty appearance, gaining a certain chic which lends an artistic finish to their toilet for the negresses have learned from their French mis-tresses the arts and graces of making themselves attractive, and beyond doubt study how to make themselves pleasing in the sight of men. With a Franco-@A@fricaine, love of personal adornment is a passion in the gratification of which she displays a reckless extravagance, as witness the immense string of beads of extraordinary size she coils around her shapely neck, to say nothing of the preposterous rings she attaches to her ears@-@I do not exaggerate when I state that it would require but little stretch of the imagination, or of the ear-rings them-selves, to speak of some of them as being large enough to serve as muffin rings. A favorite form of ornament is composed of six golden bars, as large round and as long as the wearer's little finger, bound together with heavy bands these ear-rings look more like the gilt bar-rels of a six-chambered pistol than female gewgaws, and the beholder is surprised to find that the lobe of the human ear can bear the weight of so much metal without being torn or causing pain to the wearer. In keeping with these encumbrances, the size of which I do not exag-gerate, are brooches as large as soap-dishes, lockets the size of snuff-boxes, bracelets, armlets, finger-rings of all patterns and degrees of inconvenience@-@all gorgeous, not to say stunning@-@and I can hardly