[OCR_toInput] 110 DOWN THE ISLANDS. believe the statements I heard reiterated again and again, to the effect that all this jewellery is of pure gold - that even the blackest ne gresses scorn to wear Brummagem or plated imitations. Lf, however, these fairy tales be true, then can I boast that at Martinique I had my washing done up by the spouse of a bonanza king who unless he had paid his wife's jeweller could still afford to sit in his counting house, counting out his money, while the queen herself was in the garden hanging up my clothes. Little girls, maidens, matrons, and ancient dames, all of them wear gorgeous bandanna handkerchiefs, built upou their heads with scrupu lous care in intricate folds, and all these coifs, it is needless to say, are as gaudy, if not as tasteful and unutterably lovely, as Easter bonnets. Many of the quadroons are handsome, even beautiful in their youth, and all the women of pure black, as well as those of mixed blood, walk with a lightness of step and a graceful freedom of motion that are very noticeable and pleasant to see. I say all the women - but I must con fine this description to those who go shoeless - for when a negress crams her feet into even the best-fitting pair of shoes her gait becomes as awkward as the waddle of an Indian squaw or of a black swan on dry land she minces and totters, in such danger of falling forward that one feels constrained to go to her and say Mam'selle Ebene or Noirette, do, I beseech you, put your shoes where you carry everything else, namely, on the top of your well-balanced head - do let me see you walk barefoot once again, for, I assure you, neither your Chinese cousins nor your European mistresses can ever hope to imitate your goddess-like gait until they practise the art of walking with their tiny high-heeled boots nicely balanced on their heads, as you so often are pleased to carry yours. The language of the people of Martinique of course is French. The negro Creoles speak a jargon that baffled all our attempts at ex tended conversation, although they understood those of our party to whom French of Paris was not unknown. The whites speak French with an accent that very closely resembles the speech of the Creoles
[OCR_aligned] 110 DOWN THE ISLANDS. believe the statements I heard reiterated again and again, to the effect that all this jewellery is of pure gold - that even the blackest ne gresses scorn to wear Brummagem or plated imitations. Lf, however, these fairy tales be true, then can I boast that at Martinique I had my washing done up by the spouse of a bonanza king who unless he had paid his wife's jeweller could still afford to sit in his counting house, counting out his money, while the queen herself was in the garden hanging up my clothes. Little girls, maidens, matrons, and ancient dames, all of them wear gorgeous bandanna handkerchiefs, built upou their heads with scrupu lous care in intricate folds, and all these coifs, it is needless to say, are as gaudy, if not as tasteful and unutterably lovely, as Easter bonnets. Many of the quadroons are handsome, even beautiful in their youth, and all the women of pure black, as well as those of mixed blood, walk with a lightness of step and a graceful freedom of motion that are very noticeable and pleasant to see. I say all the women - but I must con fine this description to those who go shoeless - for when a negress crams her feet into even the best-fitting pair of shoes her gait becomes as awkward as the waddle of an Indian squaw or of a black swan on dry land she minces and totters, in such danger of falling forward that one feels constrained to go to her and say Mam'selle Ebene or Noirette, do, I beseech you, put your shoes where you carry everything else, namely, on the top of your well-balanced head - do let me see you walk barefoot once again, for, I assure you, neither your Chinese cousins nor your European mistresses can ever hope to imitate your goddess-like gait until they practise the art of walking with their tiny high-heeled boots nicely balanced on their heads, as you so often are pleased to carry yours. The language of the people of Martinique of course is French. The negro Creoles speak a jargon that baffled all our attempts at ex tended conversation, although they understood those of our party to whom French of Paris was not unknown. The whites speak French with an accent that very closely resembles the speech of the Creoles
[ GS_aligned] ############################# the statements I heard reiterated again and again, to the effect that all this jewellery is of pure gold@-@that even the blackest ne-gresses scorn to wear Brummagem or plated imitations. If, however, these fairy tales be true, then can I boast that at Martinique I had my washing done up by the spouse of a bonanza king who unless he had paid his wife's jeweller could still afford to sit in his counting-house, counting out his money, while the queen herself was in the garden hanging up my clothes. Little girls, maidens, matrons, and ancient dames, all of them wear gorgeous bandanna handkerchiefs, built upon their heads with scrupu-lous care in intricate folds, and all these coifs, it is needless to say, are as gaudy, if not as tasteful and unutterably lovely, as Easter bonnets. Many of the quadroons are handsome, even beautiful in their youth, and all the women of pure black, as well as those of mixed blood, walk with a lightness of step and a graceful freedom of motion that are very noticeable and pleasant to see. I say all the women@-@but I must con-fine this description to those who go shoeless@-@for when a negress crams her feet into even the best-fitting pair of shoes her gait becomes as awkward as the waddle of an Indian squaw or of a black swan on dry land she minces and totters, in such danger of falling forward that one feels constrained to go to her and say Mam'selle Ébène or Noirette, do, I beseech you, put your shoes where you carry everything else, namely, on the top of your well-balanced head@-@do let me see you walk barefoot once again, for, I assure you, neither your Chinese cousins nor your European mistresses can ever hope to imitate your goddess-like gait until they practise the art of walking with their tiny high-heeled boots nicely balanced on their heads, as you so often are pleased to carry yours. The language of the people of Martinique of course is French. The negro creoles speak a jargon that baffled all our attempts at ex-tended conversation, although they understood those of our party to whom French of Paris was not unknown. The whites speak French with an accent that very closely resembles the speech of the creoles