[OCR_toInput] MADANINA-MARTINIQ UE. 111 of Louisiana. And just here let me mention that the name creole is applied to everything born in the West Indies, and, as the London Spectator of recent date points out There are not only creole men and women of pure British, as well as of French, Dutch, and Spanish stock, but creole bulls and cowts, creole horses, and creole cocks and hens and as the Louisianians are especially fond of the appellation, so also do the Creoles of the West Indies consider the name honorable and worthy to be borne by all people of native birth. One hears the phrase, one of the oldest creole families, just as in New York one hears the term, old Knickerbocker families, or as in Nevada I have heard the enterprising, public-spirited citizens who opened the first faro-banks or gin-mills deferentially referred to by the upper middle classes of a brand-new mining-camp as solid old-timers. Continuing my stroll about the streets, looking into the shop windows, watching the people passing and repassing, nodding in return to their nods, bowing like a tea-shop mandarin, I came at length to the boutique of a dealer in fruits - fruits of all kinds, mangoes, sappo dillas, sour- and sweet-sops, avocado pears, and others too numerous to mention. I at once proceeded to take samples of the stock-in-trade of this merchant, telling him to keep my score and I would settle with him when I could eat no more. At a fruit-stand in New York I should speedily have bankrupted myself, and yet when I ceased eating, for very shamefacedness, the fruiterer was perfectly content to receive the sum of one franc, then and there to him in hand paid. Telling him I would return later in the evening to clear out his remaining stock, I joined the stragglers of our party at the landing-place, and went with them on board the Barracouta to a late but satisfying dinner, and at an early hour turned in on deck.
[OCR_aligned] MADANINA-MARTINIQ UE. 111 of Louisiana. And just here let me mention that the name creole is applied to everything born in the West Indies, and, as the London Spectator of recent date points out There are not only creole men and women of pure British, as well as of French, Dutch, and Spanish stock, but creole bulls and cowts, creole horses, and creole cocks and hens and as the Louisianians are especially fond of the appellation, so also do the Creoles of the West Indies consider the name honorable and worthy to be borne by all people of native birth. One hears the phrase, one of the oldest creole families, just as in New York one hears the term, old Knickerbocker families, or as in Nevada I have heard the enterprising, public-spirited citizens who opened the first faro-banks or gin-mills deferentially referred to by the upper middle classes of a brand-new mining-camp as solid old-timers. Continuing my stroll about the streets, looking into the shop windows, watching the people passing and repassing, nodding in return to their nods, bowing like a tea-shop mandarin, I came at length to the boutique of a dealer in fruits - fruits of all kinds, mangoes, sappo dillas, sour- and sweet-sops, avocado pears, and others too numerous to mention. I at once proceeded to take samples of the stock-in-trade of this merchant, telling him to keep my score and I would settle with him when I could eat no more. At a fruit-stand in New York I should speedily have bankrupted myself, and yet when I ceased eating, for very shamefacedness, the fruiterer was perfectly content to receive the sum of one franc, then and there to him in hand paid. Telling him I would return later in the evening to clear out his remaining stock, I joined the stragglers of our party at the landing-place, and went with them on board the Barracouta to a late but satisfying dinner, and at an early hour turned in on deck.
[ GS_aligned] ############################ Louisiana. And just here let me mention that the name creole is applied to everything born in the West Indies, and, as the London Spectator of recent date points out There are not only creole men and women of pure British, as well as of French, Dutch, and Spanish stock, but creole bulls and cow@s, creole horses, and creole cocks and hens and as the Louisianians are especially fond of the appellation, so also do the creoles of the West Indies consider the name honorable and worthy to be borne by all people of native birth. One hears the phrase, one of the oldest creole families, just as in New York one hears the term, old Knickerbocker families, or as in Nevada I have heard the enterprising, public-spirited citizens who opened the first faro-banks or gin-mills deferentially referred to by the upper middle classes of a brand-new mining-camp as solid old-timers. Continuing my stroll about the streets, looking into the shop-windows, watching the people passing and repassing, nodding in return to their nods, bowing like a tea-shop mandarin, I came at length to the boutique of a dealer in fruits@-@fruits of all kinds, mangoes, sappo-dillas, sour-@and sweet-sops, avocado pears, and others too numerous to mention. I at once proceeded to take samples of the stock-in-trade of this merchant, telling him to keep my score and I would settle with him when I could eat no more. At a fruit-stand in New York I should speedily have bankrupted myself, and yet when I ceased eating, for very shamefacedness, the fruiterer was perfectly content to receive the sum of one franc, then and there to him in hand paid. Telling him I would return later in the evening to clear out his remaining stock, I joined the stragglers of our party at the landing-place, and went with them on board the Barracouta to a late but satisfying dinner, and at an early hour turned in on deck.