[OCR_toInput] ARRIVAL AT BARBADOS. 141 feldt, Karl Foster. The first two, indeed, were able-bodied seamen born in Massachusetts the third a Swede and, in the order named, an Algerian, a Nova Scotian, a man of Cape Breton, a Dane, a Nor wegian, a Fin, and a German from the Baltic Provinces. There was beyond doubt an American vessel - and a Yankee crew whereof two could ask for a ration of Yankee pork and beans without falling foul of their pi's and Z 's. This is by no means an exaggerated case - it is a plain, every-day fact a sample of the crews to be found on board of every ninety-five out of a hundred vessels - coasters or open-sea cruisers - flying the Stars and Stripes. Barbados is one grand sugar-estate. Every acre of tillable land has been broken by the plough, and year by year yields a marvellous increase. For generations the wonderful natural fertility of the soil has been stimulated by the labor and art of painstaking, skilful hus bandmen, until less than one-fifteenth of the entire compass of the island remains unplanted or unproductive. In view of this fact it is no exaggeration to say that, excepting those parcels of ground occu pied by the dwellings of the living, or consecrated by the burial of the dead, Bimshire is one magnificent cane-piece in a state of perfect cultivation. Sugar-cane grows every where - on hill-sides so steep that one wonders how the furrows are laid or the harrow can be driven across the sloping fields it clings to shelves of rocks upon which toil ing negroes replace the soil washed from the narrow ledges, year after year, by deluges of rain. It ripens close to the sea - so close, in fact, that in times of hurricane the skirts of the plantations are frequently sprinkled with salt-spray. Sugar-cane everywhere ! nothing but sugar cane ! Planters and plantations, sugar, molasses, rum ! The philosopher who made the discovery that all great rivers ran past big cities, if he had had occasion, would doubtless have called attention to the fact that the best farming-lands are situated in coun tries where the people devote themselves most heartily to agricultural pursuits. In support of this axiom he might well cite Barbados, for nowhere else in the world are to be found more diligent planters or
[OCR_aligned] ARRIVAL AT BARBADOS. 141 feldt, Karl Foster. The first two, indeed, were able-bodied seamen born in Massachusetts the third a Swede and, in the order named, an Algerian, a Nova Scotian, a man of Cape Breton, a Dane, a Nor wegian, a Fin, and a German from the Baltic Provinces. There was beyond doubt an American vessel - and a Yankee crew whereof two could ask for a ration of Yankee pork and beans without falling foul of their pi's and Z 's. This is by no means an exaggerated case - it is a plain, every-day fact a sample of the crews to be found on board of every ninety-five out of a hundred vessels - coasters or open-sea cruisers - flying the Stars and Stripes. Barbados is one grand sugar-estate. Every acre of tillable land has been broken by the plough, and year by year yields a marvellous increase. For generations the wonderful natural fertility of the soil has been stimulated by the labor and art of painstaking, skilful hus bandmen, until less than one-fifteenth of the entire compass of the island remains unplanted or unproductive. In view of this fact it is no exaggeration to say that, excepting those parcels of ground occu pied by the dwellings of the living, or consecrated by the burial of the dead, Bimshire is one magnificent cane-piece in a state of perfect cultivation. Sugar-cane grows every where - on hill-sides so steep that one wonders how the furrows are laid or the harrow can be driven across the sloping fields it clings to shelves of rocks upon which toil ing negroes replace the soil washed from the narrow ledges, year after year, by deluges of rain. It ripens close to the sea - so close, in fact, that in times of hurricane the skirts of the plantations are frequently sprinkled with salt-spray. Sugar-cane everywhere ! nothing but sugar cane ! Planters and plantations, sugar, molasses, rum ! The philosopher who made the discovery that all great rivers ran past big cities, if he had had occasion, would doubtless have called attention to the fact that the best farming-lands are situated in coun tries where the people devote themselves most heartily to agricultural pursuits. In support of this axiom he might well cite Barbados, for nowhere else in the world are to be found more diligent planters or
[ GS_aligned] ############################### Karl Foster. The first two, indeed, were able-bodied seamen born in Massachusetts the third a Swede and, in the order named, an Algerian, a Nova Scotian, a man of Cape Breton, a Dane, a Nor-wegian, a Fin, and a German from the Baltic Provinces. There was beyond doubt an American vessel@-@and a Yankee crew whereof two could ask for a ration of Yankee pork and beans without falling foul of their p@'s and @b's. This is by no means an exaggerated case@-@it is a plain, every-day fact a sample of the crews to be found on board of every ninety-five out of a hundred vessels@-@coasters or open-sea cruisers@-@flying the Stars and Stripes. Barbados is one grand sugar-estate. Every acre of tillable land has been broken by the plough, and year by year yields a marvellous increase. For generations the wonderful natural fertility of the soil has been stimulated by the labor and art of painstaking, skilful hus-bandmen, until less than one-fifteenth of the entire compass of the island remains unplanted or unproductive. In view of this fact it is no exaggeration to say that, excepting those parcels of ground occu-pied by the dwellings of the living, or consecrated by the burial of the dead, Bimshire is one magnificent cane-piece in a state of perfect cultivation. Sugar-cane grows every@where@-@on hill-sides so steep that one wonders how the furrows are laid or the harrow can be driven across the sloping fields it clings to shelves of rocks upon which toil-ing negroes replace the soil washed from the narrow ledges, year after year, by deluges of rain. It ripens close to the sea@-@so close, in fact, that in times of hurricane the skirts of the plantations are frequently sprinkled with salt-spray. Sugar-cane everywhere ! nothing but sugar-cane ! Planters and plantations, sugar, molasses, rum ! The philosopher who made the discovery that all great rivers ran past big cities, if he had had occasion, would doubtless have called attention to the fact that the best farming-lands are situated in coun-tries where the people devote themselves most heartily to agricultural pursuits. In support of this axiom he might well cite Barbados, for nowhere else in the world are to be found more diligent planters or