[OCR_toInput] 144 DOWN THE ISLANDS. England against Russia, if war over the Afghan boundary question should finally be declared for at the time of which I am writing April, 1885 it seemed as if the British Lion and the Russian Bear were no longer to be kept from rending one another in pieces, if ever they met near the gates of Herat. The plucky Bims lost no time in assuring Great Britain of their loyalty, and determination to see her through her difficulties. As in the time of Charles II. their roy alist ancestors sent a humble address to that monarch, bidding him be of good cheer and stout of heart, reminding him, in his exile, that all was not lost, for, although all the world might be against him, Barbados was ever at his back, so on that very same day, when the Russian and English fleets arrived at Norfolk in Virginia, and were supposed to be watching one another with hostile purpose, in tending to settle the Afghan question out of hand, within sight of American shores, a cablegram was sent from Bridgetown, as I know from trustworthy hearsay, to Victoria's Government, containing brave words of encouragement and hope. We had scarcely7 cast anchor in Carlisle Bay before the bumboat people had surrounded the ship with so great an assemblage of small craft that it were useless so try to tell their number as it would be to count the flies in a sugar-house. But among the many surrounding little vessels, one demands, and shall receive, particular mention and detailed description. Reader, let me interest you for a few moments in the rehearsal of a truly polychromatic incident of my visit to the waters that wash the leeward coast of this mighty colony. In the stern-sheets of a barge painted blue without and yellow within, on cushions covered with red and orange fabrics, of more or less costly material and cunning workmanship, there sat in state a buxom dame -a washerlady of color, we at first imagined her to be. So portly and so plump was she, that it required the counterbalance of a huge chunk of coraline in the bow of her boat to keep it steady on even keel. She was so black, so shiny, her oily cheeks glistened in the sunlight, imaging dim outlines of her surroundings, like pictures seen in pol-
[OCR_aligned] 144 DOWN THE ISLANDS. England against Russia, if war over the Afghan boundary question should finally be declared for at the time of which I am writing April, 1885 it seemed as if the British Lion and the Russian Bear were no longer to be kept from rending one another in pieces, if ever they met near the gates of Herat. The plucky Bims lost no time in assuring Great Britain of their loyalty, and determination to see her through her difficulties. As in the time of Charles II. their roy alist ancestors sent a humble address to that monarch, bidding him be of good cheer and stout of heart, reminding him, in his exile, that all was not lost, for, although all the world might be against him, Barbados was ever at his back, so on that very same day, when the Russian and English fleets arrived at Norfolk in Virginia, and were supposed to be watching one another with hostile purpose, in tending to settle the Afghan question out of hand, within sight of American shores, a cablegram was sent from Bridgetown, as I know from trustworthy hearsay, to Victoria's Government, containing brave words of encouragement and hope. We had scarcely7 cast anchor in Carlisle Bay before the bumboat people had surrounded the ship with so great an assemblage of small craft that it were useless so try to tell their number as it would be to count the flies in a sugar-house. But among the many surrounding little vessels, one demands, and shall receive, particular mention and detailed description. Reader, let me interest you for a few moments in the rehearsal of a truly polychromatic incident of my visit to the waters that wash the leeward coast of this mighty colony. In the stern-sheets of a barge painted blue without and yellow within, on cushions covered with red and orange fabrics, of more or less costly material and cunning workmanship, there sat in state a buxom dame -a washerlady of color, we at first imagined her to be. So portly and so plump was she, that it required the counterbalance of a huge chunk of coraline in the bow of her boat to keep it steady on even keel. She was so black, so shiny, her oily cheeks glistened in the sunlight, imaging dim outlines of her surroundings, like pictures seen in pol-
[ GS_aligned] ############################# against Russia, if war over the Afghan boundary question should finally be declared for at the time of which I am writing April, 1885 it seemed as if the British Lion and the Russian Bear were no longer to be kept from rending one another in pieces, if ever they met near the gates of Herat. The plucky Bims lost no time in assuring Great Britain of their loyalty, and determination to see her through her difficulties. As in the time of Charles II. their roy-alist ancestors sent a humble address to that monarch, bidding him be of good cheer and stout of heart, reminding him, in his exile, that all was not lost, for, although all the world might be against him, Barbados was ever at his back, so on that very same day, when the Russian and English fleets arrived at Norfolk in Virginia, and were supposed to be watching one another with hostile purpose, in-tending to settle the Afghan question out of hand, within sight of American shores, a cablegram was sent from Bridgetown, as I know from trustworthy hearsay, to Victoria's Government, containing brave words of encouragement and hope. We had scarcely@ cast anchor in Carlisle Bay before the bumboat people had surrounded the ship with so great an assemblage of small craft that it were useless fo try to tell their number as it would be to count the flies in a sugar-house. But among the many surrounding little vessels, one demands, and shall receive, particular mention and detailed description. Reader, let me interest you for a few moments in the rehearsal of a truly polychromatic incident of my visit to the waters that wash the leeward coast of this mighty colony. In the stern-sheets of a barge painted blue without and yellow within, on cushions covered with red and orange fabrics, of more or less costly material and cunning workmanship, there sat in state a buxom dame@-a washerlady of color, we at first imagined her to be. So portly and so plump was she, that it required the counterbalance of a huge chunk of coraline in the bow of her boat to keep it steady on even keel. She was so black, so shiny, her oily cheeks glistened in the sunlight, imaging dim outlines of her surroundings, like pictures seen in pol-