[OCR_toInput] ARRIVAL AT BARBADOS. 147 swizzled at the Ice House in our honor that memorable afternoon. Aunt Polly's mission to the Barracouta being crowned with success she departed, waving us adieu, with a hand so black, so large and plump, it seemed as if her farewell was imprinted in our memories in the inkiest, heaviest, fullest-displayed type, and in capitals. We rev erently signalled her our farewells, as she was rowed shoreward, the magnificence of her many colors blending and softening as she left us farther and farther behind. When she faded out of sight, and finally disappeared in the distance, I closed my aching eyes to rest them. I still beheld bright phantasmagoria dancing before my vision, as if I had gazed all too long at the glories of the setting sun. When I next opened my eyes, it was to examine, for the first time, a genuine Bim shire swizzle-stick, which the purchaser of Aunt Polly's assortment held before me for my inspection and enlightenment. Knowing from what I had heard on every side, in all the islands, admitted by all men, that the Ice House of Bridgetown was, of all places, the very place at which to pursue any investigations into the mysteries of swizzle, I joined a party of Barracoutans who delayed not in the order of their going, stopping not to bargain with the boatmen nor to cheapen the price of ferriage to the shore, but set off at once for the land, some in blue boats, some in yellow boats or red, others in boats of many colors. In the two miles, free-for-all, straightaway race from the ship to the landing-place, which then and there ensued, it is of record that the gallant Barracoutan who had cleared out Aunt Polly's stock-in-trade came in an easy winner by many lengths. When the rest of the party reached the Ice House in search of swizzle, they found that he had been there for some time indeed, there was unmistakable, uncorked evidence that he had already been there twice.
[OCR_aligned] ARRIVAL AT BARBADOS. 147 swizzled at the Ice House in our honor that memorable afternoon. Aunt Polly's mission to the Barracouta being crowned with success she departed, waving us adieu, with a hand so black, so large and plump, it seemed as if her farewell was imprinted in our memories in the inkiest, heaviest, fullest-displayed type, and in capitals. We rev erently signalled her our farewells, as she was rowed shoreward, the magnificence of her many colors blending and softening as she left us farther and farther behind. When she faded out of sight, and finally disappeared in the distance, I closed my aching eyes to rest them. I still beheld bright phantasmagoria dancing before my vision, as if I had gazed all too long at the glories of the setting sun. When I next opened my eyes, it was to examine, for the first time, a genuine Bim shire swizzle-stick, which the purchaser of Aunt Polly's assortment held before me for my inspection and enlightenment. Knowing from what I had heard on every side, in all the islands, admitted by all men, that the Ice House of Bridgetown was, of all places, the very place at which to pursue any investigations into the mysteries of swizzle, I joined a party of Barracoutans who delayed not in the order of their going, stopping not to bargain with the boatmen nor to cheapen the price of ferriage to the shore, but set off at once for the land, some in blue boats, some in yellow boats or red, others in boats of many colors. In the two miles, free-for-all, straightaway race from the ship to the landing-place, which then and there ensued, it is of record that the gallant Barracoutan who had cleared out Aunt Polly's stock-in-trade came in an easy winner by many lengths. When the rest of the party reached the Ice House in search of swizzle, they found that he had been there for some time indeed, there was unmistakable, uncorked evidence that he had already been there twice.
[ GS_aligned] ################################# at the Ice House in our honor that memorable afternoon. Aunt Polly's mission to the Barracouta being crowned with success she departed, waving us adieu, with a hand so black, so large and plump, it seemed as if her farewell was imprinted in our memories in the inkiest, heaviest, fullest-displayed type, and in capitals. We rev-erently signalled her our farewells, as she was rowed shoreward, the magnificence of her many colors blending and softening as she left us farther and farther behind. When she faded out of sight, and finally disappeared in the distance, I closed my aching eyes to rest them. I still beheld bright phantasmagoria dancing before my vision, as if I had gazed all too long at the glories of the setting sun. When I next opened my eyes, it was to examine, for the first time, a genuine Bim-shire swizzle-stick, which the purchaser of Aunt Polly's assortment held before me for my inspection and enlightenment. Knowing from what I had heard on every side, in all the islands, admitted by all men, that the Ice House of Bridgetown was, of all places, the very place at which to pursue any investigations into the mysteries of swizzle, I joined a party of Barracoutans who delayed not in the order of their going, stopping not to bargain with the boatmen nor to cheapen the price of ferriage to the shore, but set off at once for the land, some in blue boats, some in yellow boats or red, others in boats of many colors. In the two miles, free-for-all, straightaway race from the ship to the landing-place, which then and there ensued, it is of record that the gallant Barracoutan who had cleared out Aunt Polly's stock-in-trade came in an easy winner by many lengths. When the rest of the party reached the Ice House in search of swizzle, they found that be had been there for some time indeed, there was unmistakable, uncorked evidence that he had already been there twice.