[OCR_toInput] 152 DOWN THE ISLANDS. At one time, millions of acres of land in Western Europe were given up to the growing of madder, a plant from which the base of almost every color used by dyers is obtainable. Since the discovery of ani line dyes, the madder industry, no longer profitable to anyone, has been neglected moreover, as the soil that yielded the largest crops of that plant was found to favor the growth of the subsidized beetroot, it is not to be wondered at that, in a few years, the profits of the sugar cane planters of the West Indies - indeed, of planters in all parts of the world including our own Louisiana - vanished into thin air with the smoke vomited from the chimneys of their sugar-houses. Of the total annual product of sugar in all parts of the earth - an almost in credible quantity of sweetness, by the by - nearly one-half is, in these latter days, manufactured from beetroot, grown in various parts of the world. Sugar-cane has other competitors in the substance called glucose, which is procured from starch, and yields, in turn, various compounds termed saccharates as well as saccharose, distilled from coal-tar, and these cheap products have, in many ways, superseded cane-sugar, and have served still further to reduce the price of that commodity. A century ago it was said that Barbados could produce more sugar than all the people of Europe could consume - could pay for, would be a more accurate way of putting it - for Brillat-Savarin states that, in his early days, sugar was sold in the shops of Paris for the equivalent of four shillings sterling a pound. He mentions a cer tain M. Delacroix who used to grumble at the high price he had to pay for that luxury. Ah ! he would say, in his gentle way, if ever it should come to be sold at a shilling, I shall never drink water without sugar in it. The price rapidly fell to lower figures, for the author of Physiologie du Gout records that, after the peace of 1783, sugar was to be had for a shilling the pound, and he good-naturedly expresses the hope that his old acquaintance might still be alive, and able to satisfy his craving for eau sucre'e. The MM. Delacroix of our day can buy five or six pounds of sugar for a shilling, and the Bar badians bewail the impending ruin of their island they call on Eng-
[OCR_aligned] 152 DOWN THE ISLANDS. At one time, millions of acres of land in Western Europe were given up to the growing of madder, a plant from which the base of almost every color used by dyers is obtainable. Since the discovery of ani line dyes, the madder industry, no longer profitable to anyone, has been neglected moreover, as the soil that yielded the largest crops of that plant was found to favor the growth of the subsidized beetroot, it is not to be wondered at that, in a few years, the profits of the sugar cane planters of the West Indies - indeed, of planters in all parts of the world including our own Louisiana - vanished into thin air with the smoke vomited from the chimneys of their sugar-houses. Of the total annual product of sugar in all parts of the earth - an almost in credible quantity of sweetness, by the by - nearly one-half is, in these latter days, manufactured from beetroot, grown in various parts of the world. Sugar-cane has other competitors in the substance called glucose, which is procured from starch, and yields, in turn, various compounds termed saccharates as well as saccharose, distilled from coal-tar, and these cheap products have, in many ways, superseded cane-sugar, and have served still further to reduce the price of that commodity. A century ago it was said that Barbados could produce more sugar than all the people of Europe could consume - could pay for, would be a more accurate way of putting it - for Brillat-Savarin states that, in his early days, sugar was sold in the shops of Paris for the equivalent of four shillings sterling a pound. He mentions a cer tain M. Delacroix who used to grumble at the high price he had to pay for that luxury. Ah ! he would say, in his gentle way, if ever it should come to be sold at a shilling, I shall never drink water without sugar in it. The price rapidly fell to lower figures, for the author of Physiologie du Gout records that, after the peace of 1783, sugar was to be had for a shilling the pound, and he good-naturedly expresses the hope that his old acquaintance might still be alive, and able to satisfy his craving for eau sucre'e. The MM. Delacroix of our day can buy five or six pounds of sugar for a shilling, and the Bar badians bewail the impending ruin of their island they call on Eng-
[ GS_aligned] ######################## one time, millions of acres of land in Western Europe were given up to the growing of madder, a plant from which the base of almost every color used by dyers is obtainable. Since the discovery of ani-line dyes, the madder industry, no longer profitable to anyone, has been neglected moreover, as the soil that yielded the largest crops of that plant was found to favor the growth of the subsidized beetroot, it is not to be wondered at that, in a few years, the profits of the sugar-cane planters of the West Indies@-@indeed, of planters in all parts of the world including our own Louisiana -@vanished into thin air with the smoke vomited from the chimneys of their sugar-houses. Of the total annual product of sugar in all parts of the earth@-@an almost in-credible quantity of sweetness, by the by@-@nearly one-half is, in these latter days, manufactured from beetroot, grown in various parts of the world. Sugar-cane has other competitors in the substance called glucose, which is procured from starch, and yields, in turn, various compounds termed saccharates as well as saccharose, distilled from coal-tar, and these cheap products have, in many ways, superseded cane-sugar, and have served still further to reduce the price of that commodity. A century ago it was said that Barbados could produce more sugar than all the people of Europe could consume@-@could pay for, would be a more accurate way of putting it@-@for Brillat-Savarin states that, in his early days, sugar was sold in the shops of Paris for the equivalent of four shillings sterling a pound. He mentions a cer-tain M. Delacroix who used to grumble at the high price he had to pay for that luxury. Ah ! he would say, in his gentle way, if ever it should come to be sold at a shilling, I shall never drink water without sugar in it. The price rapidly fell to lower figures, for the author of Physiologie du Gout records that, after the peace of 1783, sugar was to be had for a shilling the pound, and he good-naturedly expresses the hope that his old acquaintance might still be alive, and able to satisfy his craving for eau sucr@ée. The MM. Delacroix of our day can buy five or six pounds of sugar for a shilling, and the Bar-badians bewail the impending ruin of their island they call on Eng-