[OCR_toInput] 160 DOWN THE ISLANDS. been writing about. Likewise of the pepper-pot, of which I partook with my Barbadian friends, at short intervals, as I lingered almost too long in their delightful company, with one eye on the Ice House clock, fearing to overstay my time, in my heart regretting the approach of the moment when I must continue on my tour of sight-seeing. The Ice House at Bridgetown ! - there one can read, talk, eat, drink, buy a needle or an anchor, see the workings of the ingenious machine which turns out enough ice daily to furnish a long, thick slide for the jeunesse doree of Barbados, if by chance any of the youthful Bims should yearn to practise the art of wearing out their Sunday-go-to meeting shoes in the enjoyment of the pastime which Mr. Samuel Weller called keep the pot a-boiling. In addition to the restaurant and cafe of the Ice establishment, there are twenty or more sleeping-rooms, all most comfortably fur nished, delightfully clean, and, what is particularly noteworthy, are rented at half the price one would be compelled to pay7 for worse accommodation in the best hotels in either Long Branch or Saratoga. I have spoken of the Barbados Railway. It runs across the island to the Atlantic coast to two little towns, known respectively by7 the names of Bathsheba and Bath to these watering-places the qual ity of the island resort during certain seasons of the year to enjoy the fine surf-bathing. About half-way from Bridgetown to these fashionable resorts the railway passes close to Ragged Point Light house, standing on a bold promontory that juts far out into the At lantic, thence onward the scenery reminds one of the coast of York shire in the neighborhood of Flamborough Head and Scarborough. I have not space to describe this wild and wave-worn shore it is well worth the journey to view it from the railway, and the trip from the city to the terminus of the road and return may be made in less than four hours. Barbados is really the only place in the Caribbees, unless we also except Port of Spain in Trinidad, where there is comfortable hotel accommodation, and where a traveller may abide in ease and comfort
[OCR_aligned] 160 DOWN THE ISLANDS. been writing about. Likewise of the pepper-pot, of which I partook with my Barbadian friends, at short intervals, as I lingered almost too long in their delightful company, with one eye on the Ice House clock, fearing to overstay my time, in my heart regretting the approach of the moment when I must continue on my tour of sight-seeing. The Ice House at Bridgetown ! - there one can read, talk, eat, drink, buy a needle or an anchor, see the workings of the ingenious machine which turns out enough ice daily to furnish a long, thick slide for the jeunesse doree of Barbados, if by chance any of the youthful Bims should yearn to practise the art of wearing out their Sunday-go-to meeting shoes in the enjoyment of the pastime which Mr. Samuel Weller called keep the pot a-boiling. In addition to the restaurant and cafe of the Ice establishment, there are twenty or more sleeping-rooms, all most comfortably fur nished, delightfully clean, and, what is particularly noteworthy, are rented at half the price one would be compelled to pay7 for worse accommodation in the best hotels in either Long Branch or Saratoga. I have spoken of the Barbados Railway. It runs across the island to the Atlantic coast to two little towns, known respectively by7 the names of Bathsheba and Bath to these watering-places the qual ity of the island resort during certain seasons of the year to enjoy the fine surf-bathing. About half-way from Bridgetown to these fashionable resorts the railway passes close to Ragged Point Light house, standing on a bold promontory that juts far out into the At lantic, thence onward the scenery reminds one of the coast of York shire in the neighborhood of Flamborough Head and Scarborough. I have not space to describe this wild and wave-worn shore it is well worth the journey to view it from the railway, and the trip from the city to the terminus of the road and return may be made in less than four hours. Barbados is really the only place in the Caribbees, unless we also except Port of Spain in Trinidad, where there is comfortable hotel accommodation, and where a traveller may abide in ease and comfort
[ GS_aligned] ########################## writing about. Likewise of the pepper-pot, of which I partook with my Barbadian friends, at short intervals, as I lingered almost too long in their delightful company, with one eye on the Ice House clock, fearing to overstay my time, in my heart regretting the approach of the moment when I must continue on my tour of sight-seeing. The Ice House at Bridgetown !@-@there one can read, talk, eat, drink, buy a needle or an anchor, see the workings of the ingenious machine which turns out enough ice daily to furnish a long, thick slide for the jeunesse dorée of Barbados, if by chance any of the youthful Bims should yearn to practise the art of wearing out their Sunday-go-to-meeting shoes in the enjoyment of the pastime which Mr. Samuel Weller called keep the pot a-boiling. In addition to the restaurant and cafe of the Ice establishment, there are twenty or more sleeping-rooms, all most comfortably fur-nished, delightfully clean, and, what is particularly noteworthy, are rented at half the price one would be compelled to pay@ for worse accommodation in the best hotels in either Long Branch or Saratoga. I have spoken of the Barbados Railway. It runs across the island to the Atlantic coast to two little towns, known respectively by@ the names of Bathsheba and Bath to these watering-places the qual-ity of the island resort during certain seasons of the year to enjoy the fine surf-bathing. About half-way from Bridgetown to these fashionable resorts the railway passes close to Bagged Point Light-house, standing on a bold promontory that juts far out into the At-lantic, thence onward the scenery reminds one of the coast of York-shire in the neighborhood of Flamborough Head and Scarborough. I have not space to describe this wild and wave-worn shore it is well worth the journey to view it from the railway, and the trip from the city to the terminus of the road and return may be made in less than four hours. Barbados is really the only place in the Caribbees, unless we also except Port of Spain in Trinidad, where there is comfortable hotel accommodation, and where a traveller may abide in ease and comfort