[OCR_toInput] 167 THE TIP-END OF A CONTINENT. The inward boundaries of British Guiana are undefined, for the colony extends from the ocean to an unexplored and almost unexplorable wilderness of forests, jungles, cane-brakes- inhabited by brutish, if not savage, races of men, infested by reptiles and wild beasts, swarming with pestilential flying things that make living or travelling in the in terior of Guiana a torment not lightly to be endured by white men. It is estimated that the three provinces contain a total area of sixty six million acres, an extent of country a little larger than the States of New Jersey and New York combined. So little is known about the wild lands of this great back country that, notwithstanding the belief in the existence of valuable mines of gold and silver within their confines, no well organized plan of exploration or geological survey has as yet been undertaken, although it is vaguely hinted that numerous prospectors are wandering about the land in search of treas ures, many of them only to find lonely graves - if buried their bodies ever shall be, where the vultures and other carrion birds may not come at them in horrid banqueting. The total population of British Guiana may be set down in round numbers at 265,000 souls of this number about 65,000 are either natives of Hindustan or their descendants, 4,393 of Chinese ances try - the great majority of the people being Africans or colored Cre oles. Of the aborigines of this part of the world, careful guessing puts their aggregate at 7,656. As these folks are nomadic by nature, inhabiting the vast, trackless forests remote from civilization, it is not practicable to obtain any correct tale of them. An idea of the woful state of ignorance of the inhabitants may be formed from the last census-reports, which state that 77,396 can, and 174,790 can not read. Why wonder at this condition of affairs? The Afri cans and Asiatics have no ambition to distinguish between their right hand and their left, they are not taught, and, for that matter, being regarded only as labor-saving beings cheaper to operate than machinery, have no need to know more than how to work for and not to steal from white men. The affairs of this colony are man-
[OCR_aligned] 167 THE TIP-END OF A CONTINENT. The inward boundaries of British Guiana are undefined, for the colony extends from the ocean to an unexplored and almost unexplorable wilderness of forests, jungles, cane-brakes- inhabited by brutish, if not savage, races of men, infested by reptiles and wild beasts, swarming with pestilential flying things that make living or travelling in the in terior of Guiana a torment not lightly to be endured by white men. It is estimated that the three provinces contain a total area of sixty six million acres, an extent of country a little larger than the States of New Jersey and New York combined. So little is known about the wild lands of this great back country that, notwithstanding the belief in the existence of valuable mines of gold and silver within their confines, no well organized plan of exploration or geological survey has as yet been undertaken, although it is vaguely hinted that numerous prospectors are wandering about the land in search of treas ures, many of them only to find lonely graves - if buried their bodies ever shall be, where the vultures and other carrion birds may not come at them in horrid banqueting. The total population of British Guiana may be set down in round numbers at 265,000 souls of this number about 65,000 are either natives of Hindustan or their descendants, 4,393 of Chinese ances try - the great majority of the people being Africans or colored Cre oles. Of the aborigines of this part of the world, careful guessing puts their aggregate at 7,656. As these folks are nomadic by nature, inhabiting the vast, trackless forests remote from civilization, it is not practicable to obtain any correct tale of them. An idea of the woful state of ignorance of the inhabitants may be formed from the last census-reports, which state that 77,396 can, and 174,790 can not read. Why wonder at this condition of affairs@? The Afri cans and Asiatics have no ambition to distinguish between their right hand and their left, they are not taught, and, for that matter, being regarded only as labor-saving beings cheaper to operate than machinery, have no need to know more than how to work for and not to steal from white men. The affairs of this colony are man-
[ GS_aligned] ################################### inward boundaries of British Guiana are undefined, for the colony extends from the ocean to an unexplored and almost unexplorable wilderness of forests, jungles, cane-brakes-@inhabited by brutish, if not savage, races of men, infested by reptiles and wild beasts, swarming with pestilential flying things that make living or travelling in the in-terior of Guiana a torment not lightly to be endured by white men. It is estimated that the three provinces contain a total area of sixty-six million acres, an extent of country a little larger than the States of New Jersey and New York combined. So little is known about the wild lands of this great back country that, notwithstanding the belief in the existence of valuable mines of gold and silver within their confines, no well organized plan of exploration or geological survey has as yet been undertaken, although it is vaguely hinted that numerous prospectors are wandering about the land in search of treas-ures, many of them only to find lonely graves@-@if buried their bodies ever shall be, where the vultures and other carrion birds may not come at them in horrid banqueting. The total population of British Guiana may be set down in round numbers at 265,000 souls of this number about 65,000 are either natives of Hindustan or their descendants, 4,393 of Chinese ances-try@-@the great majority of the people being Africans or colored cre-oles. Of the aborigines of this part of the world, careful guessing puts their aggregate at 7,656. As these folks are nomadic by nature, inhabiting the vast, trackless forests remote from civilization, it is not practicable to obtain any correct tale of them. An idea of the woful state of ignorance of the inhabitants may be formed from the last census-reports, which state that 77,396 can, and 174,790 can-not read. Why wonder at this condition of affairs ? The Afri-cans and Asiatics have no ambition to distinguish between their right hand and their left, they are not taught, and, for that matter, being regarded only as labor-saving beings cheaper to operate than machinery, have no need to know more than how to work for and not to steal from white men. The affairs of this colony are man-