[OCR_toInput] 170 DOWN THE ISLANDS. whereas in British Guiana twenty-five cents per diem is considered ex cessive wages, rarely demanded even by the most intelligent and able bodied workmen. But I have a natural reluctance to deal with such common-place every-day matters it troubles me to turn over the pages of blue-books and census-reports they are uninteresting reading to me - moreover, I fear to weary my readers with arrays of facts and fig ures, deductions and conclusions. I have to admit frankly that I paid little attention to all these things when cruising down the islands I had gone a-pleasuring, was seeking amusement, and therefore took little thought of political economy or questions relating to the pros perity and welfare of mankind at large, being content to see the best side of things, wishing in my heart that everybody had reason, and was willing, to thank their good fortune that things were no worse than I saw them. The reasons that induced the Dutchmen who colonized this part of the world as early as the year 1580 to take possession of the region they named Surinam are not far to seek. Except for a marked con trast in vegetation and a wide difference of climate, the Netherlands in all other respects resembles Surinam as closely as a country crowded with thrifty Dutchmen can be said to resemble a land inhabited by spadeless, ploughless, trouserless savages, contented to dwell in prime val forests lazy barbarians, who had never seen a windmill or a flagon of schnapps until the representatives of their High Mightinesses set their muddled brains a- whirling at the sight of the one, aud stole away their wits and fertile territory by teaching them the taste of the other. The coast of Surinam is marshy and sea- worn - the currents of its rivers are as sluggish and mud-stained as the waters of the Amstel or the Maas. The waves of the Atlantic, for miles out from the low, level shore, are as thick and oozy as the sickly broth of the German Ocean along tide-water mark or the margin of the Zuyder Zee. What wonder, then, that as naturally as a Kanaka baby takes to salt water, the Dutch established themselves in this equatorial Holland, where they fell to work digging ditches, raising dikes, intrenching
[OCR_aligned] 170 DOWN THE ISLANDS. whereas in British Guiana twenty-five cents per diem is considered ex cessive wages, rarely demanded even by the most intelligent and able bodied workmen. But I have a natural reluctance to deal with such common-place every-day matters it troubles me to turn over the pages of blue-books and census-reports they are uninteresting reading to me - moreover, I fear to weary my readers with arrays of facts and fig ures, deductions and conclusions. I have to admit frankly that I paid little attention to all these things when cruising down the islands I had gone a-pleasuring, was seeking amusement, and therefore took little thought of political economy or questions relating to the pros perity and welfare of mankind at large, being content to see the best side of things, wishing in my heart that everybody had reason, and was willing, to thank their good fortune that things were no worse than I saw them. The reasons that induced the Dutchmen who colonized this part of the world as early as the year 1580 to take possession of the region they named Surinam are not far to seek. Except for a marked con trast in vegetation and a wide difference of climate, the Netherlands in all other respects resembles Surinam as closely as a country crowded with thrifty Dutchmen can be said to resemble a land inhabited by spadeless, ploughless, trouserless savages, contented to dwell in prime val forests lazy barbarians, who had never seen a windmill or a flagon of schnapps until the representatives of their High Mightinesses set their muddled brains a- whirling at the sight of the one, aud stole away their wits and fertile territory by teaching them the taste of the other. The coast of Surinam is marshy and sea- worn - the currents of its rivers are as sluggish and mud-stained as the waters of the Amstel or the Maas. The waves of the Atlantic, for miles out from the low, level shore, are as thick and oozy as the sickly broth of the German Ocean along tide-water mark or the margin of the Zuyder Zee. What wonder, then, that as naturally as a Kanaka baby takes to salt water, the Dutch established themselves in this equatorial Holland, where they fell to work digging ditches, raising dikes, intrenching
[ GS_aligned] ############################# in British Guiana twenty-five cents per diem is considered ex-cessive wages, rarely demanded even by the most intelligent and able-bodied workmen. But I have a natural reluctance to deal with such common-place every-day matters it troubles me to turn over the pages of blue-books and census-reports they are uninteresting reading to me -@moreover, I fear to weary my readers with arrays of facts and fig-ures, deductions and conclusions. I have to admit frankly that I paid little attention to all these things when cruising down the islands I had gone a-pleasuring, was seeking amusement, and therefore took little thought of political economy or questions relating to the pros-perity and welfare of mankind at large, being content to see the best side of things, wishing in my heart that everybody had reason, and was willing, to thank their good fortune that things were no worse than I saw them. The reasons that induced the Dutchmen who colonized this part of the world as early as the year 1580 to take possession of the region they named Surinam are not far to seek. Except for a marked con-trast in vegetation and a wide difference of climate, the Netherlands in all other respects resembles Surinam as closely as a country crowded with thrifty Dutchmen can be said to resemble a land inhabited by spadeless, ploughless, trouserless savages, contented to dwell in prime-val forests lazy barbarians, who had never seen a windmill or a flagon of schnapps until the representatives of their High Mightinesses set their muddled brains a-@whirling at the sight of the one, and stole away their wits and fertile territory by teaching them the taste of the other. The coast of Surinam is marshy and sea-@worn@-@the currents of its rivers are as sluggish and mud-stained as the waters of the Amstel or the Maas. The waves of the Atlantic, for miles out from the low, level shore, are as thick and oozy as the sickly broth of the German Ocean along tide-water mark or the margin of the Zuyder Zee. What wonder, then, that as naturally as a Kanaka baby takes to salt-water, the Dutch established themselves in this equatorial Holland, where they fell to work digging ditches, raising dikes, intrenching