[OCR_toInput] THE TIP-END OF A CONTINENT. 171 themselves behind earthworks to renew the never-ending battle of their race - the struggle against the invasion of the sea, disputing the question of riparian rights with the Atlantic Ocean itself. The Dutch colonists drove ploughs where Caribs had formerly paddled canoes, and in the fulness of time raised crops of sugar-cane on acres once overgrown with sedge and sea-weed. Doubtless, when Ten-This and Van T'other could walk along the level tops of their dikes for miles and miles, or travel by canal from house to house, be holding a score or more windmills in every direction, the trans planted Hollanders felt as much at home in Surinam, all the year round, as he did in the Low Countries any piping-hot day in mid summer. And so the Rip Van So-and-sos and Woutter Van What's his-names smoked their pipes, quaffed their schnapps, until the Eng lish and French entered into a conspiracy7 and took, each of them, one-third of the Dutchman's colony, establishing themselves unin vited in his vicinity, becoming his self-elected neighbors the former planting sugar to the northwest of Surinam, in British Guiana, the latter founding a penal colony to the southeast, in Cayenne. The English changed the name of the largest city in their possession from Stabroek to Georgetown as they aforetime had changed the name of my7 native city from New Amsterdam to New York , but were content with Anglicizing the spelling of the name of the second town of importance, writing it down New Amsterdam, the name it bears to-day. When we arrived at Georgetown I lost no time in going ashore, the Doctor accompanying me. We both carried valises packed with in definite raiment, describable as enough for two nights. For the first time since leaving New York we were to sleep in beds instead of on ship's deck, under mosquito-nets instead of beneath a canvas awning. The steamer, which we left in mid-stream, was presently to be made fast to a wharf, and the Doctor, sniffing suspicion of malaria in the air tainted by the filth floating by the docks, decreed that all those who would take his advice should take lodging at some convenient hostelry in the
[OCR_aligned] THE TIP-END OF A CONTINENT. 171 themselves behind earthworks to renew the never-ending battle of their race - the struggle against the invasion of the sea, disputing the question of riparian rights with the Atlantic Ocean itself. The Dutch colonists drove ploughs where Caribs had formerly paddled canoes, and in the fulness of time raised crops of sugar-cane on acres once overgrown with sedge and sea-weed. Doubtless, when Ten-This and Van T'other could walk along the level tops of their dikes for miles and miles, or travel by canal from house to house, be holding a score or more windmills in every direction, the trans planted Hollanders felt as much at home in Surinam, all the year round, as he did in the Low Countries any piping-hot day in mid summer. And so the Rip Van So-and-sos and Woutter Van What's his-names smoked their pipes, quaffed their schnapps, until the Eng lish and French entered into a conspiracy7 and took, each of them, one-third of the Dutchman's colony, establishing themselves unin vited in his vicinity, becoming his self-elected neighbors the former planting sugar to the northwest of Surinam, in British Guiana, the latter founding a penal colony to the southeast, in Cayenne. The English changed the name of the largest city in their possession from Stabroek to Georgetown as they aforetime had changed the name of my7 native city from New Amsterdam to New York , but were content with Anglicizing the spelling of the name of the second town of importance, writing it down New Amsterdam, the name it bears to-day. When we arrived at Georgetown I lost no time in going ashore, the Doctor accompanying me. We both carried valises packed with in definite raiment, describable as enough for two nights. For the first time since leaving New York we were to sleep in beds instead of on ship's deck, under mosquito-nets instead of beneath a canvas awning. The steamer, which we left in mid-stream, was presently to be made fast to a wharf, and the Doctor, sniffing suspicion of malaria in the air tainted by the filth floating by the docks, decreed that all those who would take his advice should take lodging at some convenient hostelry in the
[ GS_aligned] ########################################## behind earthworks to renew the never-ending battle of their race@-@the struggle against the invasion of the sea, disputing the question of riparian rights with the Atlantic Ocean itself. The Dutch colonists drove ploughs where Caribs had formerly paddled canoes, and in the fulness of time raised crops of sugar-cane on acres once overgrown with sedge and sea-weed. Doubtless, when Ten-This and Van T'other could walk along the level tops of the@n-dikes for miles and miles, or travel by canal from house to house, be-holding a score or more windmills in every direction, the trans-planted Hollanders felt as much at home in Surinam, all the year round, as he did in the Low Countries any piping-hot day in mid-summer. And so the Rip Van So-and-sos and Woutter Van What's-his-names smoked their pipes, quaffed their schnapps, until the Eng-lish and French entered into a conspiracy@ and took, each of them, one-third of the Dutchman's colony, establishing themselves unin-vited in his vicinity, becoming his self-elected neighbors the former planting sugar to the northwest of Surinam, in British Guiana, the latter founding a penal colony to the southeast, in Cayenne. The English changed the name of the largest city in their possession from Stabroek to Georgetown as they aforetime had changed the name of my@ native city from New Amsterdam to New York , but were content with Anglicizing the spelling of the name of the second town of importance, writing it down New Amsterdam, the name it bears to-day. When we arrived at Georgetown I lost no time in going ashore, the Doctor accompanying me. We both carried valises packed with in-definite raiment, describable as enough for two nights. For the first time since leaving New York we were to sleep in beds instead of on ship's deck, under mosquito-nets instead of beneath a canvas awning. The steamer, which we left in mid-stream, was presently to be made fast to a wharf, and the Doctor, sniffing suspicion of malaria in the air tainted by the filth floating by the docks, decreed that all those who would take his advice should take lodging at some convenient hostelry in the