[OCR_toInput] 174 DOWN THE ISLANDS. easily broken by plough or harrow or cleared of stubble, and there is never a stone in a thousand acres to throw at a browsing cow, if one made so bold as to invade the patches of young and tender sugar cane. The streets of the city are clean and tidy, and all the vicinage has a prosperous, well-to-do appearance. Most of the houses are built of wood painted white, with green blinds many of them stand de tached in gardens enclosed by railings and picket-fences. George town looks as a thrifty7, well-ordered New England town would look can anyone picture the transformation ? if shaded by palms instead of elms, with an endless variety of tropical trees, shrubs, ferns, flow ers, vines, and fruits growing in profusion around the dwellings. The most interesting objects of curiosity in Georgetown are its inhabitants, especially the host of Hindu coolies, laboring people, all imported under government contract from Hindustan, bound as apprentices used to be, articled to work on the sugar-estates for a term of five years at least. At the end of five y7ears they are free to do as the 7 please, but may bind themselves for a further like term, at the end of which, all who aie disposed to return home are entitled to a free passage to their native land. If they do not wish to serve a second articled term, they may remain in British Guiana to work as other laborers work that is to say, whenever they may feel inclined to earn twelve or fifteen pence a day, as the negroes are free to work if they choose - as the Chinese do work, wherever they can get em ployment. The total number of Asiatics in British Guiana is about sixty7-five thousand the Hindus outnumber the Chinese in the proportion often to one, but all, or nearly all, of both races not born in South America, owe their importation into this part of the world to the demand for cheaper labor that arose when the price of sugar was forced down by the competition of other cane-growing countries, and the abnormally stimulated cultivation of beetroot sugar in Europe. For a time the low cost of cooly labor enabled the Demerara planters to make a profit on their crops after a time the supply of sugar exceeded the
[OCR_aligned] 174 DOWN THE ISLANDS. easily broken by plough or harrow or cleared of stubble, and there is never a stone in a thousand acres to throw at a browsing cow, if one made so bold as to invade the patches of young and tender sugar cane. The streets of the city are clean and tidy, and all the vicinage has a prosperous, well-to-do appearance. Most of the houses are built of wood painted white, with green blinds many of them stand de tached in gardens enclosed by railings and picket-fences. George town looks as a thrifty7, well-ordered New England town would look can anyone picture the transformation ? if shaded by palms instead of elms, with an endless variety of tropical trees, shrubs, ferns, flow ers, vines, and fruits growing in profusion around the dwellings. The most interesting objects of curiosity in Georgetown are its inhabitants, especially the host of Hindu coolies, laboring people, all imported under government contract from Hindustan, bound as apprentices used to be, articled to work on the sugar-estates for a term of five years at least. At the end of five y7ears they are free to do as the 7 please, but may bind themselves for a further like term, at the end of which, all who aie disposed to return home are entitled to a free passage to their native land. If they do not wish to serve a second articled term, they may remain in British Guiana to work as other laborers work that is to say, whenever they may feel inclined to earn twelve or fifteen pence a day, as the negroes are free to work if they choose - as the Chinese do work, wherever they can get em ployment. The total number of Asiatics in British Guiana is about sixty7-five thousand the Hindus outnumber the Chinese in the proportion often to one, but all, or nearly all, of both races not born in South America, owe their importation into this part of the world to the demand for cheaper labor that arose when the price of sugar was forced down by the competition of other cane-growing countries, and the abnormally stimulated cultivation of beetroot sugar in Europe. For a time the low cost of cooly labor enabled the Demerara planters to make a profit on their crops after a time the supply of sugar exceeded the
[ GS_aligned] ############################ broken by plough or harrow or cleared of stubble, and there is never a stone in a thousand acres to throw at a browsing cow, if one made so bold as to invade the patches of young and tender sugar-cane. The streets of the city are clean and tidy, and all the vicinage has a prosperous, well-to-do appearance. Most of the houses are built of wood painted white, with green blinds many of them stand de-tached in gardens enclosed by railings and picket-fences. George-town looks as a thrifty@, well-ordered New England town would look can anyone picture the transformation ? if shaded by palms instead of elms, with an endless variety of tropical trees, shrubs, ferns, flow-ers, vines, and fruits growing in profusion around the dwellings. The most interesting objects of curiosity in Georgetown are its inhabitants, especially the host of Hindu coolies, laboring people, all imported under government contract from Hindustan, bound as apprentices used to be, articled to work on the sugar-estates for a term of five years at least. At the end of five y@ears they are free to do as the@y please, but may bind themselves for a further like term, at the end of which, all who are disposed to return home are entitled to a free passage to their native land. If they do not wish to serve a second articled term, they may remain in British Guiana to work as other laborers work that is to say, whenever they may feel inclined to earn twelve or fifteen pence a day, as the negroes are free to work if they choose@-@as the Chinese do work, wherever they can get em-ployment. The total number of Asiatics in British Guiana is about sixty@-five thousand the Hindus outnumber the Chinese in the proportion often to one, but all, or nearly all, of both races not born in South America, owe their importation into this part of the world to the demand for cheaper labor that arose when the price of sugar was forced down by the competition of other cane-growing countries, and the abnormally stimulated cultivation of beetroot sugar in Europe. For a time the low cost of cooly labor enabled the Demerara planters to make a profit on their crops after a time the supply of sugar exceeded the