[OCR_toInput] 176 DOWN THE ISLANDS. or down the islands, at New York as well as at Georgetown. In the winter months, between November and March, the captain may be said, meteorologically speaking, to have a lively time of it. The tempera ture of Demerara remains at summer heat, it is true it is the eccen tricity of the climate of New York that causes all his trouble and up-sets all his weatherwise theories. How is a man, even a far-seeing, judgematical mariner like our gallant captain, to keep run of the read ings of a thermometer that varies 100° F. during a passage no longer than from Sandy Hook to Fastnet Rock ? How, indeed ? And yet that is precisely what the Barracouta's thermometer does, on many of her voyages, going or coming, between her dock on the East River and her wharf on the Demerara. It is no exaggeration to say that the captain's winter experience is fairly illustrated as follows His friends who bid him good-by in New York wish him Ion voyage over a piping-hot toddy, warn him to button up pea-jacket, great-coat, and ulster he will need all three, at one and the same time, out at sea beyond the Hook , they advise him to keep out of the draught, go to bed early, and so get rid of the cold he caught when standing on the bridge, as he piloted the Barracouta into New York Harbor. In two weeks from that time his friends who welcome him at the George-town Club invite him to take an iced swizzle, give him a fan, place a chair for him by the window, tell him to unbutton his waistcoat, keep out of the sun, put witch-hazel on his sun-blisters, take a cold shower-bath, leave his windows and doors open at night, to the end that he may recover from the evil effects of standing in the sun on the bridge while piloting the Barracouta into Demerara River. So it goes, or rather so he goes, from New York to Demerara, from ten degrees below zero in the sun to ninety-five above in the shade, from chilblains to sunstroke, ulster to duster, from bare and leafless trees, frozen and lifeless meadows, to waving groves of palm and ripening cane-pieces-down to South America with fifteen thousand barrels of flour, up to North America with one thousand five hundred hogsheads of sugar. After a dainty breakfast the Doctor and I went each his own way,
[OCR_aligned] 176 DOWN THE ISLANDS. or down the islands, at New York as well as at Georgetown. In the winter months, between November and March, the captain may be said, meteorologically speaking, to have a lively time of it. The tempera ture of Demerara remains at summer heat, it is true it is the eccen tricity of the climate of New York that causes all his trouble and up-sets all his weatherwise theories. How is a man, even a far-seeing, judgematical mariner like our gallant captain, to keep run of the read ings of a thermometer that varies 100° F. during a passage no longer than from Sandy Hook to Fastnet Rock ? How, indeed ? And yet that is precisely what the Barracouta's thermometer does, on many of her voyages, going or coming, between her dock on the East River and her wharf on the Demerara. It is no exaggeration to say that the captain's winter experience is fairly illustrated as follows His friends who bid him good-by in New York wish him Ion voyage over a piping-hot toddy, warn him to button up pea-jacket, great-coat, and ulster he will need all three, at one and the same time, out at sea beyond the Hook , they advise him to keep out of the draught, go to bed early, and so get rid of the cold he caught when standing on the bridge, as he piloted the Barracouta into New York Harbor. In two weeks from that time his friends who welcome him at the George-town Club invite him to take an iced swizzle, give him a fan, place a chair for him by the window, tell him to unbutton his waistcoat, keep out of the sun, put witch-hazel on his sun-blisters, take a cold shower-bath, leave his windows and doors open at night, to the end that he may recover from the evil effects of standing in the sun on the bridge while piloting the Barracouta into Demerara River. So it goes, or rather so he goes, from New York to Demerara, from ten degrees below zero in the sun to ninety-five above in the shade, from chilblains to sunstroke, ulster to duster, from bare and leafless trees, frozen and lifeless meadows, to waving groves of palm and ripening cane-pieces-down to South America with fifteen thousand barrels of flour, up to North America with one thousand five hundred hogsheads of sugar. After a dainty breakfast the Doctor and I went each his own way,
[ GS_aligned] ######################## down the islands, at New York as well as at Georgetown. In the winter months, between November and March, the captain may be said, meteorologically speaking, to have a lively time of it. The tempera-ture of Demerara remains at summer heat, it is true it is the eccen-tricity of the climate of New York that causes all his trouble and up-sets all his weatherwise theories. How is a man, even a far-seeing, judgematical mariner like our gallant captain, to keep run of the read-ings of a thermometer that varies 100° F. during a passage no longer than from Sandy Hook to Fastnet Rock ? How, indeed ? And yet that is precisely what the Barracouta's thermometer does, on many of her voyages, going or coming, between her dock on the East River and her wharf on the Demerara. It is no exaggeration to say that the captain's winter experience is fairly illustrated as follows His friends who bid him good-by in New York wish him bon voyage over a piping-hot toddy, warn him to button up pea-jacket, great-coat, and ulster he will need all three, at one and the same time, out at sea beyond the Hook , they advise him to keep out of the draught, go to bed early, and so get rid of the cold he caught when standing on the bridge, as he piloted the Barracouta into New York Harbor. In two weeks from that time his friends who welcome him at the George-town Club invite him to take an iced swizzle, give him a fan, place a chair for him by the window, tell him to unbutton his waistcoat, keep out of the sun, put witch-hazel on his sun-blisters, take a cold shower-bath, leave his windows and doors open at night, to the end that he may recover from the evil effects of standing in the sun on the bridge while piloting the Barracouta into Demerara River. So it goes, or rather so he goes, from New York to Demerara, from ten degrees below zero in the sun to ninety-five above in the shade, from chilblains to sunstroke, ulster to duster, from bare and leafless trees, frozen and lifeless meadows, to waving groves of palm and ripening cane-pieces-down to South America with fifteen thousand barrels of flour, up to North America with one thousand five hundred hogsheads of sugar. After a dainty breakfast the Doctor and I went each his own way,