[OCR_toInput] DEMERARA. 179 upon her smooth brown brow. Ou every one of her eight taper fingers she wore two or more rings, and on each of her wee thumbs not less than half a dozen. There was such a mass of bracelets, ban gles, and circlets around her wrists, I am within bounds when I say that three or four pounds in weight of sterling silver had been perma nently withdrawn from circulation to be beaten and moulded for her ornamentation and adornment. Above her elbows, broad silver bands encircled her shapely arms, and tightly round her dark and silk-soft waist she had clasped a girdle, made by linking silver half-crowns and Spanish dollars together, all of which were fastened firmly to a broad belt of red leather. My reader may now suppose that at last my catalogue of the metal work with which this young Hindoo lady was weighted down, as if encased in armor, is completed. Not so, however for on each and every unpinched toe of both her dusty, travel-stained, little feet there shone a gay, silver ring - wished on perhaps romantic fancy ! , by her own true love, who doubtless worshipped the very ground she trod upon. Nor will the list of this maiden's jewels be completed until I am per mitted to mention that she wore massive golden, or gold-plated, anklets, so broad and heavy, so solid in appearance, that the astonished beholder might well wonder how she managed to walk and step so lightly. She wore a sleeveless jacket of red India silk, trimmed with narrow braids of gold lace. About her head was wrapped a veil of white, woven gauze, delicately embroidered with colored thread and fringed with knotted silk. The loose flowing continuations of this veil were wrapped and wreathed, festooned and garlanded, around her lissome form but no man hath wit enough to tell, and no woman who has not practised the art from her cradle up can show, how gracefully and with what surprising dexterity this Hindoo girl managed the streamers of light cotton fabric. Deftly she controlled the fluttering, misty length, now coiling it turban-shape upon her head, now binding it about her face to shield her from the sun, or, perhaps, the too inquisi tive gaze of passers-by. At times she hid her bare arms in its many
[OCR_aligned] DEMERARA. 179 upon her smooth brown brow. Ou every one of her eight taper fingers she wore two or more rings, and on each of her wee thumbs not less than half a dozen. There was such a mass of bracelets, ban gles, and circlets around her wrists, I am within bounds when I say that three or four pounds in weight of sterling silver had been perma nently withdrawn from circulation to be beaten and moulded for her ornamentation and adornment. Above her elbows, broad silver bands encircled her shapely arms, and tightly round her dark and silk-soft waist she had clasped a girdle, made by linking silver half-crowns and Spanish dollars together, all of which were fastened firmly to a broad belt of red leather. My reader may now suppose that at last my catalogue of the metal work with which this young Hindoo lady was weighted down, as if encased in armor, is completed. Not so, however for on each and every unpinched toe of both her dusty, travel-stained, little feet there shone a gay, silver ring - wished on perhaps romantic fancy ! , by her own true love, who doubtless worshipped the very ground she trod upon. Nor will the list of this maiden's jewels be completed until I am per mitted to mention that she wore massive golden, or gold-plated, anklets, so broad and heavy, so solid in appearance, that the astonished beholder might well wonder how she managed to walk and step so lightly. She wore a sleeveless jacket of red India silk, trimmed with narrow braids of gold lace. About her head was wrapped a veil of white, woven gauze, delicately embroidered with colored thread and fringed with knotted silk. The loose flowing continuations of this veil were wrapped and wreathed, festooned and garlanded, around her lissome form but no man hath wit enough to tell, and no woman who has not practised the art from her cradle up can show, how gracefully and with what surprising dexterity this Hindoo girl managed the streamers of light cotton fabric. Deftly she controlled the fluttering, misty length, now coiling it turban-shape upon her head, now binding it about her face to shield her from the sun, or, perhaps, the too inquisi tive gaze of passers-by. At times she hid her bare arms in its many
[ GS_aligned] ################## her smooth brown brow. On every one of her eight taper fingers she wore two or more rings, and on each of her wee thumbs not less than half a dozen. There was such a mass of bracelets, ban-gles, and circlets around her wrists, I am within bounds when I say that three or four pounds in weight of sterling silver had been perma-nently withdrawn from circulation to be beaten and moulded for her ornamentation and adornment. Above her elbows, broad silver bands encircled her shapely arms, and tightly round her dark and silk-soft waist she had clasped a girdle, made by linking silver half-crowns and Spanish dollars together, all of which were fastened firmly to a broad belt of red leather. My reader may now suppose that at last my catalogue of the metal-work with which this young Hindoo lady was weighted down, as if encased in armor, is completed. Not so, however for on each and every unpinched toe of both her dusty, travel-stained, little feet there shone a gay, silver ring@-@wished on perhaps romantic fancy ! , by her own true love, who doubtless worshipped the very ground she trod upon. Nor will the list of this maiden's jewels be completed until I am per-mitted to mention that she wore massive golden, or gold-plated, anklets, so broad and heavy, so solid in appearance, that the astonished beholder might well wonder how she managed to walk and step so lightly. She wore a sleeveless jacket of red India silk, trimmed with narrow braids of gold lace. About her head was wrapped a veil of white, woven gauze, delicately embroidered with colored thread and fringed with knotted silk. The loose flowing continuations of this veil were wrapped and wreathed, festooned and garlanded, around her lissome form but no man hath wit enough to tell, and no woman who has not practised the art from her cradle up can show, how gracefully and with what surprising dexterity this Hindoo girl managed the streamers of light cotton fabric. Deftly she controlled the fluttering, misty length, now coiling it turban-shape upon her head, now binding it about her face to shield her from the sun, or, perhaps, the too inquisi-tive gaze of passers-by. At times she hid her bare arms in its many