[OCR_toInput] 180 DOWN THE ISLANDS. folds, or, wreathing it about her neck, drew the ends around her waist at times she looped it in front or knotted it behind her, and all this she did so easily, without apparent effort, and withal so uncon sciously, it seemed as if she had but to wish the drifting cloud to wrap about and infold her, float behind or around her, and it obeyed, being governed by a breath, a sigh. The veil is to a Hindu girl what a fan is to a senorita of Castile. Deprive a Spanish beauty of her fan, the coolie belle of her veil, and both are ill at ease. They seem not to know what to to do with their hands they forget their airs and graces and coquettish ways their toilet is incomplete and lacking in expression the maids themselves are like birds with clipped wings. I shall not attempt to describe how ethereal and sprite-like the coolie girl appeared to me I was bewildered and bewitched as she tangled, entwined, interwove, and untwisted, yard upon y7ard of deli cate film, all floating around her like a cloud of spray. Her skirts were of India muslin, soft and clinging, unflounced, and quite the reverse of trailing. All round about her lower borders were decora tions of bright colors, embroidered with flowery brede of silken needle-work, and from beneath these scant phylacteries her little Hindu toes, all covered with rings, crept in and out like wee black mice in coats of silver mail. So soft were all her blended colorings, veiled in misty flutterings of cotton and fine silk, she lives in my memory, growing in brightness, wearing her brilliant garment, the leader of the days, shining, gold-colored, lovely7 to behold - Isshas, Goddess of the Dawn. I lost sight at last of this Oriental vision I do not choose to remember that she disappeared in mortal fashion, by prosaically turning a corner of the street - I prefer to indulge the fancy that she entered her private cloud, as Olympian goddesses of old were wont to do, and so was wafted away by the gentlest and floweriest of gales. Later in the day, after I had recovered from the ecstasy and fever of regret at losing sight of the Hindu beauty, I was driven three miles from town to one of the most extensive sugar-estates in Demerara -
[OCR_aligned] 180 DOWN THE ISLANDS. folds, or, wreathing it about her neck, drew the ends around her waist at times she looped it in front or knotted it behind her, and all this she did so easily, without apparent effort, and withal so uncon sciously, it seemed as if she had but to wish the drifting cloud to wrap about and infold her, float behind or around her, and it obeyed, being governed by a breath, a sigh. The veil is to a Hindu girl what a fan is to a senorita of Castile. Deprive a Spanish beauty of her fan, the coolie belle of her veil, and both are ill at ease. They seem not to know what to to do with their hands they forget their airs and graces and coquettish ways their toilet is incomplete and lacking in expression the maids themselves are like birds with clipped wings. I shall not attempt to describe how ethereal and sprite-like the coolie girl appeared to me I was bewildered and bewitched as she tangled, entwined, interwove, and untwisted, yard upon y7ard of deli cate film, all floating around her like a cloud of spray. Her skirts were of India muslin, soft and clinging, unflounced, and quite the reverse of trailing. All round about her lower borders were decora tions of bright colors, embroidered with flowery brede of silken needle-work, and from beneath these scant phylacteries her little Hindu toes, all covered with rings, crept in and out like wee black mice in coats of silver mail. So soft were all her blended colorings, veiled in misty flutterings of cotton and fine silk, she lives in my memory, growing in brightness, wearing her brilliant garment, the leader of the days, shining, gold-colored, lovely7 to behold - Isshas, Goddess of the Dawn. I lost sight at last of this Oriental vision I do not choose to remember that she disappeared in mortal fashion, by prosaically turning a corner of the street - I prefer to indulge the fancy that she entered her private cloud, as Olympian goddesses of old were wont to do, and so was wafted away by the gentlest and floweriest of gales. Later in the day, after I had recovered from the ecstasy and fever of regret at losing sight of the Hindu beauty, I was driven three miles from town to one of the most extensive sugar-estates in Demerara -
[ GS_aligned] ############################ or, wreathing it about her neck, drew the ends around her waist at times she looped it in front or knotted it behind her, and all this she did so easily, without apparent effort, and withal so uncon-sciously, it seemed as if she had but to wish the drifting cloud to wrap about and infold her, float behind or around her, and it obeyed, being governed by a breath, a sigh. The veil is to a Hindu girl what a fan is to a señorita of Castile. Deprive a Spanish beauty of her fan, the coolie belle of her veil, and both are ill at ease. They seem not to know what to to do with their hands they forget their airs and graces and coquettish ways their toilet is incomplete and lacking in expression the maids themselves are like birds with clipped wings. I shall not attempt to describe how ethereal and sprite-like the coolie girl appeared to me I was bewildered and bewitched as she tangled, entwined, interwove, and untwisted, yard upon y@ard of deli-cate film, all floating around her like a cloud of spray. Her skirts were of India muslin, soft and clinging, unflounced, and quite the reverse of trailing. All round about her lower borders were decora-tions of bright colors, embroidered with flowery brede of silken needle-work, and from beneath these scant phylacteries her little Hindu toes, all covered with rings, crept in and out like wee black mice in coats of silver mail. So soft were all her blended colorings, veiled in misty flutterings of cotton and fine silk, she lives in my memory, growing in brightness, wearing her brilliant garment, the leader of the days, shining, gold-colored, lovely@ to behold@-@@Ushas, Goddess of the Dawn. I lost sight at last of this Oriental vision I do not choose to remember that she disappeared in mortal fashion, by prosaically turning a corner of the street@-@I prefer to indulge the fancy that she entered her private cloud, as Olympian goddesses of old were wont to do, and so was wafted away by the gentlest and floweriest of gales. Later in the day, after I had recovered from the ecstasy and fever of regret at losing sight of the Hindu beauty, I was driven three miles from town to one of the most extensive sugar-estates in ##########