[OCR_toInput] 184 DOWN THE ISLANDS. wake. There was a goodly show of smacks and pirogues, of all sizes, for the waters hereaway swarm with schools of fish. With snapper, familiar to the palates of ichthyophagi in our Gulf States jewfish, sweet and toothsome when fried in boiling oil, as feudal barons were wont to serve usurers who dunned them too persistently for overdue interest on forced loans snooks, fish of little worth, as their name in some sort would seem to indicate. There are also parrot-fish, colored gold and crimson and royal purple, as gaudy7 and brilliant in hue as the flowers that gleam and flaunt their magnificence in the dense shadow of tropical forests. But the best of all the prizes drawn from the lottery of the sea by7 Triuidad fishermen is the barracouta, a name now familiar to my readers, some of whom may have won dered how the steamer came by her novel title. Her owners, intend ing her for West Indian service and thinking their ship worthy of a good name, called her by a name familiar all up and down the islands. The barracoutas resemble large pike in shape, are shark-like in their rapacity, swimming with the speed of salmon, which, I verily be lieve, can cleave the water with a rapidity of motion that leaves all other of the finny tribe far behind. It is said that at some of the West Indian Islands - Nevis and Santa Cruz, for instance - at certain seasons of the year the barracouta may not with safety be eaten, be cause its flesh is poisoned by what it feeds upon. I had no scruple, however, and experienced no sinkings or deadly7 qualms when a large portion of this delectable food was served to me, sitting at table, the invited guest of a member of the Trinidad Club. It looked palatable, and I found it so , for it tempted me, and I did eat, taking no harm and having no excuse thereafter to take a little something for my stomach's sake- moreover, I was glad that, having shipped in the Barracouta, to have, in turn, a barracouta shipped in me. Before noon we came to Boca de Mono, a narrow strait between Entrada Point, the northwest cape of Trinidad, and Mono Island. This passage the Monkey's Mouth is the narrowest of the four Dragon's Mouths that open from the ocean into the Gulf of Paria.
[OCR_aligned] 184 DOWN THE ISLANDS. wake. There was a goodly show of smacks and pirogues, of all sizes, for the waters hereaway swarm with schools of fish. With snapper, familiar to the palates of ichthyophagi in our Gulf States jewfish, sweet and toothsome when fried in boiling oil, as feudal barons were wont to serve usurers who dunned them too persistently for overdue interest on forced loans snooks, fish of little worth, as their name in some sort would seem to indicate. There are also parrot-fish, colored gold and crimson and royal purple, as gaudy7 and brilliant in hue as the flowers that gleam and flaunt their magnificence in the dense shadow of tropical forests. But the best of all the prizes drawn from the lottery of the sea by7 Triuidad fishermen is the barracouta, a name now familiar to my readers, some of whom may have won dered how the steamer came by her novel title. Her owners, intend ing her for West Indian service and thinking their ship worthy of a good name, called her by a name familiar all up and down the islands. The barracoutas resemble large pike in shape, are shark-like in their rapacity, swimming with the speed of salmon, which, I verily be lieve, can cleave the water with a rapidity of motion that leaves all other of the finny tribe far behind. It is said that at some of the West Indian Islands - Nevis and Santa Cruz, for instance - at certain seasons of the year the barracouta may not with safety be eaten, be cause its flesh is poisoned by what it feeds upon. I had no scruple, however, and experienced no sinkings or deadly7 qualms when a large portion of this delectable food was served to me, sitting at table, the invited guest of a member of the Trinidad Club. It looked palatable, and I found it so , for it tempted me, and I did eat, taking no harm and having no excuse thereafter to take a little something for my stomach's sake- moreover, I was glad that, having shipped in the Barracouta, to have, in turn, a barracouta shipped in me. Before noon we came to Boca de Mono, a narrow strait between Entrada Point, the northwest cape of Trinidad, and Mono Island. This passage the Monkey's Mouth is the narrowest of the four Dragon's Mouths that open from the ocean into the Gulf of Paria.
[ GS_aligned] ########################### There was a goodly show of smacks and pirogues, of all sizes, for the waters hereaway swarm with schools of fish. With snapper, familiar to the palates of ichthyophagi in our Gulf States jewfish, sweet and toothsome when fried in boiling oil, as feudal barons were wont to serve usurers who dunned them too persistently for overdue interest on forced loans snooks, fish of little worth, as their name in some sort would seem to indicate. There are also parrot-fish, colored gold and crimson and royal purple, as gaudy@ and brilliant in hue as the flowers that gleam and flaunt their magnificence in the dense shadow of tropical forests. But the best of all the prizes drawn from the lottery of the sea by@ Trinidad fishermen is the barracouta, a name now familiar to my readers, some of whom may have won-dered how the steamer came by her novel title. Her owners, intend-ing her for West Indian service and thinking their ship worthy of a good name, called her by a name familiar all up and down the islands. The barracoutas resemble large pike in shape, are shark-like in their rapacity, swimming with the speed of salmon, which, I verily be-lieve, can cleave the water with a rapidity of motion that leaves all other of the finny tribe far behind. It is said that at some of the West Indian Islands@-@Nevis and Santa Cruz, for instance@-@at certain seasons of the year the barracouta may not with safety be eaten, be-cause its flesh is poisoned by what it feeds upon. I had no scruple, however, and experienced no sinkings or deadly@ qualms when a large portion of this delectable food was served to me, sitting at table, the invited guest of a member of the Trinidad Club. It looked palatable, and I found it so@, for it tempted me, and I did eat, taking no harm and having no excuse thereafter to take a little something for my stomach's sake-@moreover, I was glad that, having shipped in the Barracouta, to have, in turn, a barracouta shipped in me. Before noon we came to Boca de Mono, a narrow strait between Entrada Point, the northwest cape of Trinidad, and Mono Island. This passage the Monkey's Mouth is the narrowest of the four Dragon's Mouths that open from the ocean into the Gulf of Paria.