[OCR_toInput] 188 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Bolivar, and sometimes beyond that town, eight hundred or one thou sand miles up the Orinoco. I found it difficult to realize that up the Orinoco was down South. The currents of nearly every river in the United States, from the Passamaquoddy to the Sacramento, run generally in a southerly direction therefore it is difficult for Americans to conceive of a great river flowing toward the north. But there are Americas- North America and South America, for instance. The trip up the Orinoco is said to be exceedingly interest ing and well worth the time consumed in taking it therefore, being of a truant disposition, endowed with a spirit of globe-trotting, I longed to secure board and lodgings on the stern-wheel caravansary, to the end that I might reside in it for a month while the aquatic absurdity scrambled into the interior of South America, reached its ultima thule, turned about, and jogged back again to the place of its departure. When I landed at Port of Spain, strolling from the wharf into the town, my curiosity was first awakened by the sight of flocks of tame vultures, limping about the streets, dabbling in the gutters, strutting on the sidewalks, quarrelling for the refuse and garbage in ash-barrels aud muck-heaps. They flapped their ill-omened wings in short flights, from curb to curb, from pavement to house-top, where they brooded, like the filthy rumors Virgil rhymes about. Did a mangy tramp-dog unearth a rotten bone, a bald-headed vulture sailed down upon him and robbed him of his prize. Did an outcast cat catch a mouse, be fore she could scramble over a fence with her prey one of these feathered sneak-thieves bolted with her rations, hobbling, meantime, as fast as it could go to escape from its greedy companions, who came limping after it, with outstretched necks and gaping beaks. These vultures are very tame indeed, their tameness was horrible to me - it seemed immoral to suffer them to walk beside you - they looked like familiar spirits or temptations of the evil one. They feared not the face of man their impudence was simply fiendish. They neither re spected nor considered me more than they did a lamp-post moreover,
[OCR_aligned] 188 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Bolivar, and sometimes beyond that town, eight hundred or one thou sand miles up the Orinoco. I found it difficult to realize that up the Orinoco was down South. The currents of nearly every river in the United States, from the Passamaquoddy to the Sacramento, run generally in a southerly direction therefore it is difficult for Americans to conceive of a great river flowing toward the north. But there are Americas- North America and South America, for instance. The trip up the Orinoco is said to be exceedingly interest ing and well worth the time consumed in taking it therefore, being of a truant disposition, endowed with a spirit of globe-trotting, I longed to secure board and lodgings on the stern-wheel caravansary, to the end that I might reside in it for a month while the aquatic absurdity scrambled into the interior of South America, reached its ultima thule, turned about, and jogged back again to the place of its departure. When I landed at Port of Spain, strolling from the wharf into the town, my curiosity was first awakened by the sight of flocks of tame vultures, limping about the streets, dabbling in the gutters, strutting on the sidewalks, quarrelling for the refuse and garbage in ash-barrels aud muck-heaps. They flapped their ill-omened wings in short flights, from curb to curb, from pavement to house-top, where they brooded, like the filthy rumors Virgil rhymes about. Did a mangy tramp-dog unearth a rotten bone, a bald-headed vulture sailed down upon him and robbed him of his prize. Did an outcast cat catch a mouse, be fore she could scramble over a fence with her prey one of these feathered sneak-thieves bolted with her rations, hobbling, meantime, as fast as it could go to escape from its greedy companions, who came limping after it, with outstretched necks and gaping beaks. These vultures are very tame indeed, their tameness was horrible to me - it seemed immoral to suffer them to walk beside you - they looked like familiar spirits or temptations of the evil one. They feared not the face of man their impudence was simply fiendish. They neither re spected nor considered me more than they did a lamp-post moreover,
[ GS_aligned] ############################## and sometimes beyond that town, eight hundred or one thou-sand miles up the Orinoco. I found it difficult to realize that up the Orinoco was down South. The currents of nearly every river in the United States, from the Passamaquoddy to the Sacramento, run generally in a southerly direction therefore it is difficult for Americans to conceive of a great river flowing toward the north. But there are Americas-@North America and South America, for instance. The trip up the Orinoco is said to be exceedingly interest-ing and well worth the time consumed in taking it therefore, being of a truant disposition, endowed with a spirit of globe-trotting, I longed to secure board and lodgings on the stern-wheel caravansary, to the end that I might reside in it for a month while the aquatic absurdity scrambled into the interior of South America, reached its ultima thule, turned about, and jogged back again to the place of its departure. When I landed at Port of Spain, strolling from the wharf into the town, my curiosity was first awakened by the sight of flocks of tame vultures, limping about the streets, dabbling in the gutters, strutting on the sidewalks, quarrelling for the refuse and garbage in ash-barrels and muck-heaps. They flapped their ill-omened wings in short flights, from curb to curb, from pavement to house-top, where they brooded, like the filthy rumors Virgil rhymes about. Did a mangy tramp-dog unearth a rotten bone, a bald-headed vulture sailed down upon him and robbed him of his prize. Did an outcast cat catch a mouse, be-fore she could scramble over a fence with her prey one of these feathered sneak-thieves bolted with her rations, hobbling, meantime, as fast as it could go to escape from its greedy companions, who came limping after it, with outstretched necks and gaping beaks. These vultures are very tame indeed, their tameness was horrible to me@-@it seemed immoral to suffer them to walk beside you@-@they looked like familiar spirits or temptations of the evil one. They feared not the face of man their impudence was simply fiendish. They neither re-spected nor considered me more than they did a lamp-post moreover,