[OCR_toInput] 192 DOWN THE ISLANDS. shaded by rows of trees and embellished by a fountain that flows in front of the Hotel de Paris, the oldest house of entertainment in the place. The Trinidad Club has its quarters in one of the business streets, and as I enjoyed the privileges of that most hospit able institution during my stay iu Port of Spain I can speak, from gratifying experience, of the comfortable arrangement of the building and the good-fellowship and the courtesy of its members. I did not find time to visit the Pitch Lake of La Brea, nor the Mud Volcanoes of Monkey Town therefore I had best dismiss them from my narrative with the statement that, had time served, I could have gone to both these natural wonders as well as to the Maracas Waterfall three hun dred and fifty feet in height by steam-boat or train, leaving Port of Spain one day and returning the next. I did have time, however, to go to San Fernando, the second city of importance in Trinidad, the cen tre of the sugar-producing district of Naparima journeying thither by rail, through a most interesting country7, passing many quaint and pict uresque negro and Hindu settlements, hurrying through magnificent forests and jungles of bamboo, whisking by innumerable plantations of cocoa, sugar-cane, and orchards of ripening fruits. It was harvest, crop-time, and fruit-season in Trinidad therefore, and by that token, all the darkies were fat and jolly - the coolies were less cadaverous looking than at other seasons of the year. These Asiatics, even in cane-time, however, do not lose their characteristically emaciated ap pearance, but at all times look, as it is to be expected human beings will appear, who are descended from the inhabitants of a densely populated country where the common people are forced to live, as Hindus have lived for generations, on the shortest rations of innu tritions food. As applied to India, the theory of natural selection im plies the survival of those individuals, and only those, who inherit the faculty of sustaining life on the smallest daily allowance of badly prepared eatables. Hindus cursed with human appetites or delicate digestive organs must inevitably succumb earliest in the struggle for existence. What wonder, then, that a cooly field-hand, be he never
[OCR_aligned] 192 DOWN THE ISLANDS. shaded by rows of trees and embellished by a fountain that flows in front of the Hotel de Paris, the oldest house of entertainment in the place. The Trinidad Club has its quarters in one of the business streets, and as I enjoyed the privileges of that most hospit able institution during my stay iu Port of Spain I can speak, from gratifying experience, of the comfortable arrangement of the building and the good-fellowship and the courtesy of its members. I did not find time to visit the Pitch Lake of La Brea, nor the Mud Volcanoes of Monkey Town therefore I had best dismiss them from my narrative with the statement that, had time served, I could have gone to both these natural wonders as well as to the Maracas Waterfall three hun dred and fifty feet in height by steam-boat or train, leaving Port of Spain one day and returning the next. I did have time, however, to go to San Fernando, the second city of importance in Trinidad, the cen tre of the sugar-producing district of Naparima journeying thither by rail, through a most interesting country7, passing many quaint and pict uresque negro and Hindu settlements, hurrying through magnificent forests and jungles of bamboo, whisking by innumerable plantations of cocoa, sugar-cane, and orchards of ripening fruits. It was harvest, crop-time, and fruit-season in Trinidad therefore, and by that token, all the darkies were fat and jolly - the coolies were less cadaverous looking than at other seasons of the year. These Asiatics, even in cane-time, however, do not lose their characteristically emaciated ap pearance, but at all times look, as it is to be expected human beings will appear, who are descended from the inhabitants of a densely populated country where the common people are forced to live, as Hindus have lived for generations, on the shortest rations of innu tritions food. As applied to India, the theory of natural selection im plies the survival of those individuals, and only those, who inherit the faculty of sustaining life on the smallest daily allowance of badly prepared eatables. Hindus cursed with human appetites or delicate digestive organs must inevitably succumb earliest in the struggle for existence. What wonder, then, that a cooly field-hand, be he never
[ GS_aligned] ############################ by rows of trees and embellished by a fountain that flows in front of the Hôtel de Paris, the oldest house of entertainment in the place. The Trinidad Club has its quarters in one of the business streets, and as I enjoyed the privileges of that most hospit-able institution during my stay in Port of Spain I can speak, from gratifying experience, of the comfortable arrangement of the building and the good-fellowship and the courtesy of its members. I did not find time to visit the Pitch Lake of La Brea, nor the Mud Volcanoes of Monkey Town therefore I had best dismiss them from my narrative with the statement that, had time served, I could have gone to both these natural wonders as well as to the Maracas Waterfall three hun-dred and fifty feet in height by steam-boat or train, leaving Port of Spain one day and returning the next. I did have time, however, to go to San Fernando, the second city of importance in Trinidad, the cen-tre of the sugar-producing district of Naparima journeying thither by rail, through a most interesting country@, passing many quaint and pict-uresque negro and Hindu settlements, hurrying through magnificent forests and jungles of bamboo, whisking by innumerable plantations of cocoa, sugar-cane, and orchards of ripening fruits. It was harvest, crop-time, and fruit-season in Trinidad therefore, and by that token, all the darkies were fat and jolly@-@the coolies were less cadaverous-looking than at other seasons of the year. These Asiatics, even in cane-time, however, do not lose their characteristically emaciated ap-pearance, but at all times look, as it is to be expected human beings will appear, who are descended from the inhabitants of a densely populated country where the common people are forced to live, as Hindus have lived for generations, on the shortest rations of innu-tritions food. As applied to India, the theory of natural selection im-plies the survival of those individuals, and only those, who inherit the faculty of sustaining life on the smallest daily allowance of badly prepared eatables. Hindus cursed with human appetites or delicate digestive organs must inevitably succumb earliest in the struggle for existence. What wonder, then, that a cooly field-hand, be he never