[OCR_toInput] 196 DOWN THE ISLANDS. and medical attendance, for their laborers. The coolies are compelled to labor six working days, of seven and a half horns each, in every week, receiving about thirteen cents for every day they faithfully perform their task. At first an equal number of cooly men and women were imported to the colonies, but in 1S40 the proportion of women was re duced to one-third of the whole number of men. In 1844 the indent ured term of service, which until then had been three years, was extended to five years, and it was provided that in all subsequent in dentures there should be inserted a clause guaranteeing, to all Hindus who desired to return home at the end of their term, a free passage to India. In 1853 the law was further amended to permit the coolies to reindenture themselves for a second period of five years or, if so dis posed, to commute any part of their unfulfilled contract by the re payment of a proportionate part of their indenture-fee. The colonial government reserves the right to remove the laborers from any planta tion where they are being badly treated, and reindenture them to more humane employers. Any cooly who refuses to work is fined a day's pay for each and every day he neglects to perform his bounden duty, and all of these laborers are indentured to the plantation, and not to the planter, so that changes in the ownership of plantations are not necessarily7 attended, nor often followed, by the removal of the coolies, who go with the land, as did the Russian serfs before the day of their emancipation. I give the following official figures as evidence of the growth of this colony, not as convincing testimony to the soundness of the theory ventilated on all sides, that contract labor has been the salvation of the planters of Trinidad and yet the figures do in some sort justify the claims made that the introduction of cooly labor has increased the prosperity of the island. In 1S38 the population numbered 39,328, and increased in forty-three years to 153,123, as is shown by the cen sus of 1881. During the same period commerce has taken wonderful strides the export of sugar has increased fivefold, and that of cocoa threefold.
[OCR_aligned] 196 DOWN THE ISLANDS. and medical attendance, for their laborers. The coolies are compelled to labor six working days, of seven and a half horns each, in every week, receiving about thirteen cents for every day they faithfully perform their task. At first an equal number of cooly men and women were imported to the colonies, but in 1S40 the proportion of women was re duced to one-third of the whole number of men. In 1844 the indent ured term of service, which until then had been three years, was extended to five years, and it was provided that in all subsequent in dentures there should be inserted a clause guaranteeing, to all Hindus who desired to return home at the end of their term, a free passage to India. In 1853 the law was further amended to permit the coolies to reindenture themselves for a second period of five years or, if so dis posed, to commute any part of their unfulfilled contract by the re payment of a proportionate part of their indenture-fee. The colonial government reserves the right to remove the laborers from any planta tion where they are being badly treated, and reindenture them to more humane employers. Any cooly who refuses to work is fined a day's pay for each and every day he neglects to perform his bounden duty, and all of these laborers are indentured to the plantation, and not to the planter, so that changes in the ownership of plantations are not necessarily7 attended, nor often followed, by the removal of the coolies, who go with the land, as did the Russian serfs before the day of their emancipation. I give the following official figures as evidence of the growth of this colony, not as convincing testimony to the soundness of the theory ventilated on all sides, that contract labor has been the salvation of the planters of Trinidad and yet the figures do in some sort justify the claims made that the introduction of cooly labor has increased the prosperity of the island. In 1S38 the population numbered 39,328, and increased in forty-three years to 153,123, as is shown by the cen sus of 1881. During the same period commerce has taken wonderful strides the export of sugar has increased fivefold, and that of cocoa threefold.
[ GS_aligned] ######################### medical attendance, for their laborers. The coolies are compelled to labor six working days, of seven and a half hours each, in every week, receiving about thirteen cents for every day they faithfully perform their task. At first an equal number of cooly men and women were imported to the colonies, but in 1840 the proportion of women was re-duced to one-third of the whole number of men. In 1844 the indent-ured term of service, which until then had been three years, was extended to five years, and it was provided that in all subsequent in-dentures there should be inserted a clause guaranteeing, to all Hindus who desired to return home at the end of their term, a free passage to India. In 1853 the law was further amended to permit the coolies to reindenture themselves for a second period of five years or, if so dis-posed, to commute any part of their unfulfilled contract by the re-payment of a proportionate part of their indenture-fee. The colonial government reserves the right to remove the laborers from any planta-tion where they are being badly treated, and reindenture them to more humane employers. Any cooly who refuses to work is fined a day's pay for each and every day he neglects to perform his bounden duty, and all of these laborers are indentured to the plantation, and not tot he planter, so that changes in the ownership of plantations are not necessarily@ attended, nor often followed, by the removal of the coolies, who go with the land, as did the Russian serfs before the day of their emancipation. I give the following official figures as evidence of the growth of this colony, not as convincing testimony to the soundness of the theory ventilated on all sides, that contract labor has been the salvation of the planters of Trinidad and yet the figures do in some sort justify the claism made that the introduction of cooly labor has increased the prosperity of the island. In 1838 the population numbered 39,328, and increased in forty-three years to 153,123, as is shown by the cen-sus of 1881. During the same period commerce has taken wonderful strides the export of sugar has increased fivefold, and that of cocoa threefold.