[OCR_toInput] AHINDU TOWN. 201 his joys, the partner of his sorrows, his better half and, evidently, all his treasures - she was also his business partner, the drummer for the concern, and the sign-board to attract custom to his dispensary. This she did, not only by exciting the curiosity of passers-by, who paused to stare at her, all bedight and bejewelled as she sat at his front door, but also by calling aloud to wayfarers to turn aside and be cured of all the ills their flesh was heir to. That the cooly AEsculapius did a roaring trade for he was a puller of teeth as well as apothecary and physician there could be no reasonable doubt, seeing that his spouse had upon her person the tangible evidence sayed from many and liberal fees. A cooly man, no matter what may be his voca tion or his money-winning power, no sooner is able to put by some thing for a rainy day than he hies him unto an artificer, cunning to work in silver and gold, and causes to be beaten into bangles, gew gaws, chains, bracelets, or other forms of female ornaments, any spare change he may have in his belt or in the folds of his turban - to the end that he may encircle the toes or neck, adorn the ankles or thumbs, or other parts of his wife's or daughter's, or, if he be a bachelor, sister's or sweetheart's body - thus endowing her practically, although it may be temporarily, with all and sundry his worldly goods and earthly possessions. She thus becomes his savings bank and trust company and he regards her in the light of an investment - non-interest-bearing it is true, nevertheless subject to draft at sight, doubtless very pre cious to him, and handy to have about the house. Conspicuous among her other embellishments this Hindu doctress had about her neck - hanging down before her, to her girdle - a neck lace made by joining together, by means of strong silver links, not less than three dozen ten-dollar gold pieces. From time to time she toyed significantly with these coins, shaking them as if desirous of calling attention to the great value of her husband's bank-account, to say nothing of the implicit faith displayed by him in intrusting her with the custody of his hard-earned savings. We were duly impressed by this display of financial solidity as, doubtless, were the Calif or-
[OCR_aligned] AHINDU TOWN. 201 his joys, the partner of his sorrows, his better half and, evidently, all his treasures - she was also his business partner, the drummer for the concern, and the sign-board to attract custom to his dispensary. This she did, not only by exciting the curiosity of passers-by, who paused to stare at her, all bedight and bejewelled as she sat at his front door, but also by calling aloud to wayfarers to turn aside and be cured of all the ills their flesh was heir to. That the cooly AEsculapius did a roaring trade for he was a puller of teeth as well as apothecary and physician there could be no reasonable doubt, seeing that his spouse had upon her person the tangible evidence sayed from many and liberal fees. A cooly man, no matter what may be his voca tion or his money-winning power, no sooner is able to put by some thing for a rainy day than he hies him unto an artificer, cunning to work in silver and gold, and causes to be beaten into bangles, gew gaws, chains, bracelets, or other forms of female ornaments, any spare change he may have in his belt or in the folds of his turban - to the end that he may encircle the toes or neck, adorn the ankles or thumbs, or other parts of his wife's or daughter's, or, if he be a bachelor, sister's or sweetheart's body - thus endowing her practically, although it may be temporarily, with all and sundry his worldly goods and earthly possessions. She thus becomes his savings bank and trust company and he regards her in the light of an investment - non-interest-bearing it is true, nevertheless subject to draft at sight, doubtless very pre cious to him, and handy to have about the house. Conspicuous among her other embellishments this Hindu doctress had about her neck - hanging down before her, to her girdle - a neck lace made by joining together, by means of strong silver links, not less than three dozen ten-dollar gold pieces. From time to time she toyed significantly with these coins, shaking them as if desirous of calling attention to the great value of her husband's bank-account, to say nothing of the implicit faith displayed by him in intrusting her with the custody of his hard-earned savings. We were duly impressed by this display of financial solidity as, doubtless, were the Calif or-
[ GS_aligned] #################### joys, the partner of his sorrows, his better half and, evidently, all his treasures@-@she was also his business partner, the drummer for the concern, and the sign-board to attract custom to his dispensary. This she did, not only by exciting the curiosity of passers-by, who paused to stare at her, all bedight and bejewelled as she sat at his front door, but also by calling aloud to wayfarers to turn aside and be cured of all the ills their flesh was heir to. That the cooly AEsculapius did a roaring trade for he was a puller of teeth as well as apothecary and physician there could be no reasonable doubt, seeing that his spouse had upon her person the tangible evidence saved from many and liberal fees. A cooly man, no matter what may be his voca-tion or his money-winning power, no sooner is able to put by some-thing for a rainy day than he hies him unto an artificer, cunning to work in silver and gold, and causes to be beaten into bangles, gew-gaws, chains, bracelets, or other forms of female ornaments, any spare change he may have in his belt or in the folds of his turban@-@to the end that he may encircle the toes or neck, adorn the ankles or thumbs, or other parts of his wife's or daughter's, or, if he be a bachelor, sister's or sweetheart's body@-@thus endowing her practically, although it may be temporarily, with all and sundry his worldly goods and earthly possessions. She thus becomes his savings bank and trust company and he regards her in the light of an investment@-@non-interest-bearing it is true, nevertheless subject to draft at sight, doubtless very pre-cious to him, and handy to have about the house. Conspicuous among her other embellishments this Hindu doctress had about her neck@-@hanging down before her, to her girdle@-@a neck-lace made by joining together, by means of strong silver links, not less than three dozen ten-dollar gold pieces. From time to time she toyed significantly with these coins, shaking them as if desirous of calling attention to the great value of her husband's bank-account, to say nothing of the implicit faith displayed by him in intrusting her with the custody of his hard-earned savings. We were duly impressed by this display of financial solidity as, doubtless, were the Calif@or-