[OCR_toInput] 208 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Louisiana, etc. , Spanish America. This testimony is all in support of the theory of the natural law I have referred to. In the case of Anglo-Saxon America, this fact is confirmed in no less striking a manner Canadians migrate to Manitoba, and, under certain restric tions imposed by political considerations, to Minnesota and Michigan New Englanders, New Yorkers, and Pennsylvanians colonize Ohio, Indiana, and so westward, beyond the Mississippi. Virginians and North Carolinians overflow into Kentucky and Tennessee and those States, in turn, into Missouri and Arkansas. Few, a very few, Ver monters are to be found in Georgia Louisianians do not remove up the Mississippi River, and yet it would seem natural for them to have done so, especially in the days before railroads Californians - the forty-niners - are Anglo-Saxons, Irish, people from the New Eng land and Middle States - in fine, from regions due east of the Golden State. There are exceptions to this, as to all other rules, but they are trifling, and prove, rather than disprove, the truth of the general state ment. The fact that we find English, French, Dutch, and Spanish Creoles in the West Indies is just such an exception, and the additional fact that the English and Dutch thrive least, the French but a little better, and that the Spaniards are only to a slight extent more firmly placed in latitudes that, by the provisions of natural law, belong to the African and the native of India, abundantly proves, to my way of thinking, how inevitably, in the course of time, the white invaders will gradually disappear - not entirely, perhaps, but to such a degree that their exceptional presence will emphasize the significance of the few ness of their number. This process of elimination is going on now. The English are with drawing from the islands the annual number of deaths among Eng lish Creoles exceeds the births. This decrease in the total number of white Creoles is more marked in the British Islands than in the French, and more noticeable still if the comparison be made between the first-named colonies and the Spanish possessions. On the other hand, Africans and Hindus are rapidly multiplying - the negroes with star-
[OCR_aligned] 208 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Louisiana, etc. , Spanish America. This testimony is all in support of the theory of the natural law I have referred to. In the case of Anglo-Saxon America, this fact is confirmed in no less striking a manner Canadians migrate to Manitoba, and, under certain restric tions imposed by political considerations, to Minnesota and Michigan New Englanders, New Yorkers, and Pennsylvanians colonize Ohio, Indiana, and so westward, beyond the Mississippi. Virginians and North Carolinians overflow into Kentucky and Tennessee and those States, in turn, into Missouri and Arkansas. Few, a very few, Ver monters are to be found in Georgia Louisianians do not remove up the Mississippi River, and yet it would seem natural for them to have done so, especially in the days before railroads Californians - the forty-niners - are Anglo-Saxons, Irish, people from the New Eng land and Middle States - in fine, from regions due east of the Golden State. There are exceptions to this, as to all other rules, but they are trifling, and prove, rather than disprove, the truth of the general state ment. The fact that we find English, French, Dutch, and Spanish Creoles in the West Indies is just such an exception, and the additional fact that the English and Dutch thrive least, the French but a little better, and that the Spaniards are only to a slight extent more firmly placed in latitudes that, by the provisions of natural law, belong to the African and the native of India, abundantly proves, to my way of thinking, how inevitably, in the course of time, the white invaders will gradually disappear - not entirely, perhaps, but to such a degree that their exceptional presence will emphasize the significance of the few ness of their number. This process of elimination is going on now. The English are with drawing from the islands the annual number of deaths among Eng lish Creoles exceeds the births. This decrease in the total number of white Creoles is more marked in the British Islands than in the French, and more noticeable still if the comparison be made between the first-named colonies and the Spanish possessions. On the other hand, Africans and Hindus are rapidly multiplying - the negroes with star-
[ GS_aligned] ################################ etc. , Spanish America. This testimony is all in support of the theory of the natural law I have referred to. In the case of Anglo-Saxon America, this fact is confirmed in no less striking a manner Canadians migrate to Manitoba, and, under certain restric-tions imposed by political considerations, to Minnesota and Michigan New Englanders, New Yorkers, and Pennsylvanians colonize Ohio, Indiana, and so westward, beyond the Mississippi. Virginians and North Carolinians overflow into Kentucky and Tennessee and those States, in turn, into Missouri and Arkansas. Few, a very few, Ver-monters are to be found in Georgia Louisianians do not remove up the Mississippi River, and yet it would seem natural for them to have done so, especially in the days before railroads Californians@- the forty-niners -@are Anglo-Saxons, Irish, people from the New Eng-land and Middle States@-@in fine, from regions due east of the Golden State. There are exceptions to this, as to all other rules, but they are trifling, and prove, rather than disprove, the truth of the general state-ment. The fact that we find English, French, Dutch, and Spanish creoles in the West Indies is just such an exception, and the additional fact that the English and Dutch thrive least, the French but a little better, and that the Spaniards are only to a slight extent more firmly placed in latitudes that, by the provisions of natural law, belong to the African and the native of India, abundantly proves, to my way of thinking, how inevitably, in the course of time, the white invaders will gradually disappear@-@not entirely, perhaps, but to such a degree that their exceptional presence will emphasize the significance of the few-ness of their number. This process of elimination is going on now. The English are with-drawing from the islands the annual number of deaths among Eng-lish creoles exceeds the births. This decrease in the total number of white creoles is more marked in the British Islands than in the French, and more noticeable still if the comparison be made between the first-named colonies and the Spanish possessions. On the other hand, Africans and Hindus are rapidly multiplying@-@the negroes with star-