[OCR_toInput] PREFACE. XIII which bear unequivocal marks of being the chil dren of one mother, though habited in the costume of the various lands in which they chanced to have been born, an appearance of having been transmit ted from one age and country to another, while in reality they have only a common origin, in the feelings with which the natural facts on which they are founded have been viewed, and the garb in which they have been clothed, being the result of some unchangeable tendency in the human intel lect, whether at Indus or the Pole. A philosophical spirit of inquiry is however abroad, and much elucidation of this interesting topic may be expected from it the investigations of Mr. Douce in his Illustrations of Shakspeare, the learned and amusing articles of Mr. Palgrave in the Quarterly Review Mr. Dunlop's ingenious History of Fiction the preface to the new edi tion of Warton's History of English Poetry Mr. Crofton Croker's fairy Legends of Ireland, and the Fairy Mythology of Mr. Keightley are valu able contributions towards the History of Ancient Romance much however remains to be accom plished, and it is hoped that the shafts of ridicule which may occasionally be levelled at the pursuit,
[OCR_aligned] PREFACE. XIII which bear unequivocal marks of being the chil dren of one mother, though habited in the costume of the various lands in which they chanced to have been born, an appearance of having been transmit ted from one age and country to another, while in reality they have only a common origin, in the feelings with which the natural facts on which they are founded have been viewed, and the garb in which they have been clothed, being the result of some unchangeable tendency in the human intel lect, whether at Indus or the Pole. A philosophical spirit of inquiry is however abroad, and much elucidation of this interesting topic may be expected from it the investigations of Mr. Douce in his Illustrations of Shakspeare, the learned and amusing articles of Mr. Palgrave in the Quarterly Review Mr. Dunlop's ingenious History of Fiction the preface to the new edi tion of Warton's History of English Poetry Mr. Crofton Croker's fairy Legends of Ireland, and the Fairy Mythology of Mr. Keightley are valu able contributions towards the History of Ancient Romance much however remains to be accom plished, and it is hoped that the shafts of ridicule which may occasionally be levelled at the pursuit,
[ GS_aligned] ################### bear unequivocal marks of being the chil-dren of one mother, though habited in the costume of the various lands in which they chanced to have been born, an appearance of having been transmit-ted from one age and country to another, while in reality they have only a common origin, in the feelings with which the natural facts on which they are founded have been viewed, and the garb in which they have been clothed, being the result of some unchangeable tendency in the human intel-lect, whether at Indus or the Pole. A philosophical spirit of inquiry is however abroad, and much elucidation of this interesting topic may be expected from it the investigations of Mr. Douce in his Illustrations of Shakspeare, the learned and amusing articles of Mr. Palgrave in the Quarterly Review Mr. Dunlop's ingenious History of Fiction the preface to the new edi-tion of Warton's History of English Poetry Mr. Crofton Croker's Fairy Legends of Ireland, and the Fairy Mythology of Mr. Keightley are valu-able contributions towards the History of Ancient Romance much however remains to be accom-plished, and it is hoped that the shafts of ridicule which may occasionally be levelled at the pursuit,