[OCR_toInput] ROBERT THE DEUYLL. The French prose romance entitled, La vie du ter rible Eobert le Diable lequel apres fut nomine Lomme Dieu, was published in 4to. at Lyons, by P. Mare schad, in 1496. It was fodowed by an edition published at Paris, by Nic. de la Barre, in 1497, likewise in 4to., and which is equady scarce with the preceding as also by another edition in 4to. published at Paris, by Jehan Herouf about 1520. It was reprinted in the Bibliotheque Bleue, published at Liege in 12mo. 1787, previous to which it had been printed at Troyes, 8vo. 1715, with the title of La Terrible et merveilleuse Vie de Bobert le Diable lequel apres fut Homme de bien, a copy of which is in the British Museum, and corres ponds with the present version. There also exists an early French Metrical Version, which was published at Paris for the first time, under the title of La Boman de Bobert le Diable en vers du X.IIP Siecle, publie pour la premiere fois d' apres les Manuscrits de la Bibliothlque du Boi, par G. S. Trebu tien, Membre de la Societe des Antiquaires de Nor mandie.
[OCR_aligned] ROBERT THE DEUYLL. The French prose romance entitled, La vie du ter rible Eobert le Diable lequel apres fut nomine Lomme Dieu, was published in 4to. at Lyons, by P. Mare scha@d, in 1496. It was fo@dowed by an edition published at Paris, by Nic. de la Barre, in 1497, likewise in 4to., and which is equa@dy scarce with the preceding as also by another edition in 4to. published at Paris, by Jehan Herouf about 1520. It was reprinted in the Bibliotheque Bleue, published at Liege in 12mo. 1787, previous to which it had been printed at Troyes, 8vo. 1715, with the title of La Terrible et merveilleuse Vie de Bobert le Diable lequel apres fut Homme de bien, a copy of which is in the British Museum, and corres ponds with the present version. There also exists an early French Metrical Version, which was published at Paris for the first time, under the title of La Boman de Bobert le Diable en vers du X.IIP Siecle, publie pour la premiere fois d' apres les Manuscrits de la Bibliothlque du Boi, par G. S. Trebu tien, Membre de la Societe des Antiquaires de Nor mandie.
[ GS_aligned] ROBERT THE DEUYLL. THE French prose romance entitled, La vie du ter-rible Robert le Diable lequel apres fut nom@mé Lomme Dieu, was published in 4to. at Lyons, by P. Mare-schall, in 1496. It was followed by an edition published at Paris, by Nic. de la Barre, in 1497, likewise in 4to., and which is equally scarce with the preceding as also by another edition in 4to. published at Paris, by Jehan Herouf about 1520. It was reprinted in the Bibliotheque Bleue, published at Liege in 12mo. 1787, previous to which it had been printed at Troyes, 8vo. 1715, with the title of La Terrible et me@neilleuse Vie de Robert le Diable lequel apres fut Homme de bien, a copy of which is in the British Museum, and corres-ponds with the present version. There also exists an early French Metrical Version, which was published at Paris for the first time, under the title of La Soman de Robert le Diable en vers du XIIIe Siècle, publié pour la première fois d'@après les Manuscrits de la Bibliothèque du Roi, par G. S. Trebu-tien, Membre de la Societé des Antiquaires de Nor-mandie.