[OCR_toInput] PREFACE. XVIII The Editor, after discussing at some length who is the hero of the romance, inclines to the opinion expressed by the ancient Chronicles of Normandy that he is the son of a grand Signior named Aubest, and was first Duke or Governor of that province in the time of King Pepin, the Father of Charlemagne, in the year 751. This Aubest had a wife named Inde, sister of the Duke of Burgundy, by whom he had a son called Robert the Devd, on account of the enormities committed by him in the Porest of Rouveray, when he retired to the old castle, the ruins of which were visible at the top of Moulineux about three leagues from Rouen, when the worthy Sieur de Bras, Charles de Bourgueville, com piled his Besearches into the Antiquities of Normandy. On the other hand M. Achille Deville, one of the most distinguished Norman antiquaries, who published at Rouen, in 1835, an edition of the Mystere du Eobert le Diable does not hesitate to express his conviction that the Robert the Devd, so celebrated by the ro mancers and chroniclers of the middle ages, is no other than Robert Courte-Heuse the son of William the Conqueror. In the 14th century the jongleurs were accustomed to abridge and arrange in a form more easdy to he remembered and better adapted for. recitation, the longer romances of the preceding century, and to these
[OCR_aligned] PREFACE. XVIII The Editor, after discussing at some length who is the hero of the romance, inclines to the opinion expressed by the ancient Chronicles of Normandy that he is the son of a grand Signior named Aubest, and was first Duke or Governor of that province in the time of King Pepin, the Father of Charlemagne, in the year 751. This Aubest had a wife named Inde, sister of the Duke of Burgundy, by whom he had a son called Robert the Dev@d, on account of the enormities committed by him in the Porest of Rouveray, when he retired to the old castle, the ruins of which were visible at the top of Moulineux about three leagues from Rouen, when the worthy Sieur de Bras, Charles de Bourgueville, com piled his Besearches into the Antiquities of Normandy. On the other hand M. Achille Deville, one of the most distinguished Norman antiquaries, who published at Rouen, in 1835, an edition of the Mystere du Eobert le Diable does not hesitate to express his conviction that the Robert the Dev@d, so celebrated by the ro mancers and chroniclers of the middle ages, is no other than Robert Courte-Heuse the son of William the Conqueror. In the 14th century the jongleurs were accustomed to abridge and arrange in a form more eas@dy to he remembered and better adapted for. recitation, the longer romances of the preceding century, and to these
[ GS_aligned] ################## Editor, after discussing at some length who is the hero of the romance, inclines to the opinion expressed by the ancient Chronicles of Normandy that he is the son of a grand Signior named Aubest, and was first Duke or Governor of that province in the time of King Pepin, the Father of Charlemagne, in the year 751. This Aubest had a wife named Inde, sister of the Duke of Burgundy, by whom he had a son called Robert the Devil, on account of the enormities committed by him in the Forest of Rouveray, when he retired to the old castle, the ruins of which were visible at the top of Moulineux about three leagues from Rouen, when the worthy Sieur de Bras, Charles de Bourgueville, com-piled his Researches into the Antiquities of Normandy. On the other hand M. Achille Deville, one of the most distinguished Norman antiquaries, who published at Rouen, in 1835, an edition of the Mystere du Robert le Diable does not hesitate to express his conviction that the Robert the Devil, so celebrated by the ro-mancers and chroniclers of the middle ages, is no other than Robert Courte-Heuse the son of William the Conqueror. In the 14th century the jongleurs were accustomed to abridge and arrange in a form more easily to be remembered and better adapted for@ recitation, the longer romances of the preceding century, and to these