[OCR_toInput] XX PREFACE Une puchele fille . i . cote Li ont si baro amene Que il a prisse et espousse De lignage de grat afaire Bele et gentilz et de boin aire, c. There is a French Morality in MS. Comment il fut enjoient a Bobert le D'mbie,fils du Due de Norman-die, pour ses Mesfaites de faire le fol, sang paries et depuis TS. S. eut merci de lui, - mentioned by Beau-champs's Bech. Theat. de France, p. 109, which doubt-less refers to the same Robert. Of this extraordinary production two translations into English have been printed one in verse which was republished by Mr. Herbert, 8vo. 1798 from a MS. formerly in the possession of Mr. Ratcliffe, which appears to have been transcribed word for word from an edition by AVynkyn de Worde or Pynson, of which Mr. Herbert had seen a fragment consisting of six leaves. This English Metrical Version is in eight line stanzas, and commences as follows, Lysten lordinges that of marueyles lyke to heare, Of acts that were done sometyme in dede By oure elders that before vs were How some in myschieffe their lyfe dyd leade And in this boke may ye se yf that ye will rede Of one Robert the deuyll, borne in Normandye, That was as uengeable a man as myht treade On goddes grounde for he delyted in all tyranye.
[OCR_aligned] XX PREFACE Une puchele fille . i . cote Li ont si baro amene Que il a prisse et espousse De lignage de grat afaire Bele et gentilz et de boin aire, c. There is a French Morality in MS. Comment il fut enjoient a Bobert le D'mbie,@fils du Due de Norman-die, pour ses Mesfaites de faire le fol, sang paries et depuis TS. S. eut merci de lui, - mentioned by Beau-champs's Bech. Theat. de France, p. 109, which doubt-less refers to the same Robert. Of this extraordinary production two translations into English have been printed one in verse which was republished by Mr. Herbert, 8vo. 1798 from a MS. formerly in the possession of Mr. Ratcliffe, which appears to have been transcribed word for word from an edition by AVynkyn de Worde or Pynson, of which Mr. Herbert had seen a fragment consisting of six leaves. This English Metrical Version is in eight line stanzas, and commences as follows, Lysten lordinges that of marueyles lyke to heare, Of acts that were done sometyme in dede By oure elders that before vs were How some in myschieffe their lyfe dyd leade And in this boke may ye se yf that ye will rede Of one Robert the deuyll, borne in Normandye, That was as uengeable a man as myht treade On goddes grounde for he delyted in all tyranye.
[ GS_aligned] ############## puchele fille . i . cōte Li ont si barō amene Que il a prisse et espousse De lignage de grāt afaire Bele et gentilz et de boin aire, c. There is a French Morality in MS. Comment il fut enjoient á Robert le Diable, fils du Duc de Norman-die, pour ses Mesfaites de faire le fol, sang parlez et depuis @N. S. eut merci de lui, -@mentioned by Beau-champs's Rech. Theat. de France, p. 109, which doubt-less refers to the same Robert. Of this extraordinary production two translations into English have been printed one in verse which was republished by Mr. Herbert, 8vo. 1798 from a MS. formerly in the possession of Mr. Ratcliffe, which appears to have been transcribed word for word from an edition by @Wynkyn de Worde or Pynson, of which Mr. Herbert had seen a fragment consisting of six leaves. This English Metrical Version is in eight line stanzas, and commences as follows, Lysten lordinges that of maruéyles lyke to heare, Of acts that were done sometyme in dede By oure elders that before vs were How some in myschieffe their lyfe dyd leade And in this boke may ye se yf that ye will rede Of one Robert the deuyll, borne in Normandye, That was as uengeable a man as myht treade On goddes grounde for he delyted in all tyranye.