[OCR_toInput] XXII PREFACE. in the centre, is substituted in the last leaf for the print of the Virgin with Jesus in her arms, in the Cambridge copy. An imitation or reprint of this translation was pub lished in 12mo. by James Roberts, and in the same year by Nicholas Ling,- see Herbert's Ames, vol. ii. p. 1033 - vol. id. p. 1341 and in Bibl. Bawlinsoniana, No. 331, 22d Jan. 1727-8, is The famous historical life of Bobert IL. Duke of Normandy, surnamed for his monstrous birth and behaviour, Bobin the Divell. 4to. London, 1599. Whatever may have been the origin of this romance it has obviously enjoyed a very large share of popular favour. Besides the French and English Version to which reference has already been made, this History exists both in Dutch and Spanish. Mone in his TJeber-sicht der Niederlandischen Vblks-Literatur, mentions a Dutch book on the subject printed in 1621 and in the library of the British Museum is a Spanish edition in 4to. printed at Madrid about the year 1 810 under the title of Espantosa y maravillosa Vida de Boberto el Diablo, hijo del Duque de Normandia, el cual despues fue llamado Hombre de Dios. Those who may be inclined to at greater length the history of this Romance, to which additional interest has been given by the fact of its forming the groundwork of Meyerbeer's beautiful opera, are re-
[OCR_aligned] XXII PREFACE. in the centre, is substituted in the last leaf for the print of the Virgin with Jesus in her arms, in the Cambridge copy. An imitation or reprint of this translation was pub lished in 12mo. by James Roberts, and in the same year by Nicholas Ling,- see Herbert's Ames, vol. ii. p. 1033 - vol. @id. p. 1341 and in Bibl. Bawlinsoniana, No. 331, 22d Jan. 1727-8, is The famous historical life of Bobert IL. Duke of Normandy, surnamed for his monstrous birth and behaviour, Bobin the Divell. 4to. London, 1599. Whatever may have been the origin of this romance it has obviously enjoyed a very large share of popular favour. Besides the French and English Version to which reference has already been made, this History exists both in Dutch and Spanish. Mone in his TJeber-sicht der Niederlandischen Vblks-Literatur, mentions a Dutch book on the subject printed in 1621 and in the library of the British Museum is a Spanish edition in 4to. printed at Madrid about the year 1 810 under the title of Espantosa y maravillosa Vida de Boberto el Diablo, hijo del Duque de Normandia, el cual despues fue llamado Hombre de Dios. Those who may be inclined to at greater length the history of this Romance, to which additional interest has been given by the fact of its forming the groundwork of Meyerbeer's beautiful opera, are re-
[ GS_aligned] ################ the centre, is substituted in the last leaf for the print of the Virgin with Jesus in her arms, in the Cambridge copy. An imitation or reprint of this translation was pub-lished in 12mo. by James Roberts, and in the same year by Nicholas Ling,-@see Herbert's Ames, vol. ii. p. 1033@-@vol. iii. p. 1341 and in Bibl. Rawlinsoniana, No. 331, 22d Jan. 1727-8, is The famous historical life of Robert II. Duke of Normandy, surnamed for his monstrous birth and behaviour, Robin the Divell. 4to. London, 1599. Whatever may have been the origin of this romance it has obviously enjoyed a very large share of popular favour. Besides the French and English Version to which reference has already been made, this History exists both in Dutch and Spanish. Mone in his @Ueber-sicht der Niederlandischen Volks-Literatur, mentions a Dutch book on the subject printed in 1621 and in the library of the British Museum is a Spanish edition in 4to. printed at Madrid about the year 1@810 under the title of Espantosa y maravillosa Vida de Roberto el Diablo, hijo del Duque de Normandia, el cual despues fué llamado Hombre de Dios. Those who may be inclined ##### greater length the history of this Romance, to which additional interest has been given by the fact of its forming the groundwork of Meyerbeer's beautiful opera, are re-