[OCR_toInput] PREFACE. XXIII ferred to La Revue de Paris of July 1834, which con tains an article on the subject of Robert the Devil by M. A. Pichart and to a criticism on it by M. de Martonne in the sixth volume of the Memoires de la Societi Royale des Antiquaires de France. The romance of King Robert of Sicily, from which copious extracts are to be found in the 2nd vol. of the new edition of Warton's History of English Poetry, and the old English Morality of Robert Cicyl, which was represented at the High Cross in Chester, in 1529, are obviously connected with the hero of the present Romance. Robert of Cicyl and Robert the Devd, says the ingenious editor of Warton, though not identical are clearly members of the same family, and this poetic embodiment of their lives is evidently the offspring of that tortuous opinion so pre valent in the middle ages, and which time has medowed into a vulgar adage that ' the greater the sinner the greater the saint.' The subject of the latter was doubt lessly Robert the first Duke of Normandy, who became an early object of legendary scandal, and the transition to the same fine of potentates in Sicdy was an easy The 59 Chapter of the Gesta Eomanorum, containing the History of the Emperor Jovinian, which has also been made the subject of a French Moralite, printed at Lyons from an ancient copy in 1581, 8 vo. with the title L'Orgueil et presomption de l'Empereur Jovinian, is nearly identical with this romance.
[OCR_aligned] PREFACE. XXIII ferred to La Revue de Paris of July 1834, which con tains an article on the subject of Robert the Devil by M. A. Pichart and to a criticism on it by M. de Martonne in the sixth volume of the Memoires de la Societi Royale des Antiquaires de France. The romance of King Robert of Sicily, from which copious extracts are to be found in the 2nd vol. of the new edition of Warton's History of English Poetry, and the old English Morality of Robert Cicyl, which was represented at the High Cross in Chester, in 1529, are obviously connected with the hero of the present Romance. Robert of Cicyl and Robert the Dev@d, says the ingenious editor of Warton, though not identical are clearly members of the same family, and this poetic embodiment of their lives is evidently the offspring of that tortuous opinion so pre valent in the middle ages, and which time has me@dowed into a vulgar adage that ' the greater the sinner the greater the saint.' The subject of the latter was doubt lessly Robert the first Duke of Normandy, who became an early object of legendary scandal, and the transition to the same fine of potentates in Sic@dy was an easy The 59 Chapter of the Gesta Eomanorum, containing the History of the Emperor Jovinian, which has also been made the subject of a French Moralite, printed at Lyons from an ancient copy in 1581, 8 vo. with the title L'Orgueil et presomption de l'Empereur Jovinian, is nearly identical with this romance.
[ GS_aligned] ##################### to La Revue de Paris of July 1834, which con-tains an article on the subject of Robert the Devil by M. A. Pichart and to a criticism on it by M. de Martonne in the sixth volume of the Memoires de la Societé Royale des Antiquaires de France. The romance of King Robert of Sicily, from which copious extracts are to be found in the 2nd vol. of the new edition of Warton's History of English Poetry, and the old English Morality of Robert Cicyl, which was represented at the High Cross in Chester, in 1529, are obviously connected with the hero of the present Romance. Robert of Cicyl and Robert the Devil, says the ingenious editor of Warton, though not identical are clearly members of the same family, and this poetic embodiment of their lives is evidently the offspring of that tortuous opinion so pre-valent in the middle ages, and which time has mellowed into a vulgar adage that '@the greater the sinner the greater the saint.' The subject of the latter was doubt-lessly Robert the first Duke of Normandy, who became an early object of legendary scandal, and the transition to the same line of potentates in Sicily was an ######## 59 Chapter of the Gesta Romanorum, containing the History of the Emperor Jovinian, which has also been made the subject of a French Moralité, printed at Lyons from an ancient copy in 1581, 8@vo. with the title L'Orgueil et presomption de l'Empereur Jovinian, is nearly identical with this romance.