[OCR_toInput] 4 ROBERT THE DEUYLL. heyre to enherite his landes after his dysceyse. To the whyche request this good duke answered and sayd My lordes, what thynge that ye thynkebest for me to do shall be done, upon a condycyon, in that ye wyll that I be maryed, that ye puruey me a wyfe accordynge to myn estate, for and yf I shol coueyte ony heyre or noblyer of blode than I am myselfe that myghte not stand with ryght, and yf I take one that is not of so no ble an house as I am, that sholde be to me grete shame, and ad my lygnage wherefore me thynke it were better that I kepe me as I am, than to do that thynge that sholde not be myne honeste, and afterwarde repente me. Whan these wordes were spoken, and wed con sydered by the lordes that stode there present, then there rose up a wyse baron, and sayd to the duke My lorde ye speke very wysely,and lyke a noble prynce, but yf it please your hyeness to gyue audyence and here me speke, I shall shewe you of a eertayne persone of whome ye shall enjoye yourselfe to here of her, and the whyche ye shall obteyne I knowe wed. Than answered the duke, and sayd shewe me then who that persone is. Gracyous lorde, sayd the baron unto the duke, the duke of Bourgone hath a doughter whyche excedethe al other in beaute, curteyse and deboynayre wysdome and good maneres, the whiche ye may have yf ye wyd desyre her, for I knowe well there wyU no man say naye thereto. To the whiche the good duke answered and said, that lady playsed hym ryght well, and that the baron had gyven hym good and wyse counsell. And in
[OCR_aligned] 4 ROBERT THE DEUYLL. heyre to enherite his landes after his dysceyse. To the whyche request this good duke answered and sayd My lordes, what thynge that ye thynke@best for me to do shall be done, upon a condycyon, in that ye wyll that I be maryed, that ye puruey me a wyfe accordynge to myn estate, for and yf I shol coueyte ony heyre or noblyer of blode than I am myselfe that myghte not stand with ryght, and yf I take one that is not of so no ble an house as I am, that sholde be to me grete shame, and a@d my lygnage wherefore me thynke it were better that I kepe me as I am, than to do that thynge that sholde not be myne honeste, and afterwarde repente me. Whan these wordes were spoken, and we@d con sydered by the lordes that stode there present, then there rose up a wyse baron, and sayd to the duke My lorde ye speke very wysely,@and lyke a noble prynce, but yf it please your hyeness to gyue audyence and here me speke, I shall shewe you of a eertayne persone of whome ye shall enjoye yourselfe to here of her, and the whyche ye shall obteyne I knowe we@d. Than answered the duke, and sayd shewe me then who that persone is. Gracyous lorde, sayd the baron unto the duke, the duke of Bourgone hath a doughter whyche excedethe al other in beaute, curteyse and deboynayre wysdome and good maneres, the whiche ye may have yf ye wy@d desyre her, for I knowe well there wy@U no man say naye thereto. To the whiche the good duke answered and said, that lady playsed hym ryght well, and that the baron had gyven hym good and wyse counsell. And in
[ GS_aligned] ########################## to enherite his landes after his dysceyse. To the whyche request this good duke answered and sayd My lordes, what thynge that ye thynke best for me to do shall be done, upon a condycyon, in that ye wyll that I be maryed, that ye puruey me a wyfe accordynge to myn estate, for and yf I shol coueyte ony heyre or noblyer of blode than I am myselfe that myghte not stand with ryght, and yf I take one that is not of so no-ble an house as I am, that sholde be to me grete shame, and all my lygnage wherefore me thynke it were better that I kepe me as I am, than to do that thynge that sholde not be myne honeste, and afterwarde repente me. Whan these wordes were spoken, and well con-sydered by the lordes that stode there present, then there rose up a wyse baron, and sayd to the duke My lorde ye speke very wysely, and lyke a noble prynce, but yf it please your hyeness to gyue audyence and here me speke, I shall shewe you of a certayne persone of whome ye shall enjoye yourselfe to here of her, and the whyche ye shall obteyne I knowe well. Than answered the duke, and sayd shewe me then who that persone is. Gracyous lorde, sayd the baron unto the duke, the duke of Bourgone hath a doughter whyche excedethe al other in beaute, curteyse and deboynayre wysdome and good maneres, the whiche ye may have yf ye wyll desyre her, for I knowe well there wyll no man say naye thereto. To the whiche the good duke answered and said, that lady playsed hym ryght well, and that the baron had gyven hym good and wyse counsell. And in