[OCR_toInput] 8 ROBERT THE BEETLE. had deyed of chylde, for all the ladyes and gentyl women that there were with her wened, she wold have perysshed and deyed in trauaylynge. .Wherfore they were gretly abasshed and aferde with the merueylouse noise and tokens that they herde and seinthebyrth of the said Robert the Deuyll, in that whan this chylde was borne, the sky waxed as darke as though it had been nyghte, as it is shewed in olde cronycles, that it thondreth and lyghtened so sore, that men thought the firmament had been open, and ad the worlde sholde haue perysshed. And there blewe soo moche wynde out of the iiii quarters of the worlde, and was such storme and tempest, that al the hous trembled so sore, that it shoke a grete pece of it to the erth, in so moche that ad they that were in the hous wened that the worlde had been at an ende, and that they, with the house and all, sholde haue sonken. But in shorte tyme it pleased God that all this trouble ceased, and the weder clered up, and the chylde was brought to chyrch to be crystened, whiche was named Robert. This childe was large of stature at his byrthe and he had been a yere old, whereof the people had grete wonder and as this chylde was a berynge to the chirche to be crystned and home ayenst, it neuer ceased eryenge and houlynge. And in shorte space he had longe teeth wherwith he bote the norshes pappes in such wyse, that there was no woman durst gyue hym souke, for he bote off the hedes of theyr brestes wherefore they were fayne to gyue hym souke and to brynge hym up with an
[OCR_aligned] 8 ROBERT THE BEETLE. had deyed of chylde, for all the ladyes and gentyl women that there were with her wened, she wold have perysshed and deyed in trauaylynge. .Wherfore they were gretly abasshed and aferde with the merueylouse noise and tokens that they herde and se@in@the@byrth of the said Robert the Deuyll, in that whan this chylde was borne, the sky waxed as darke as though it had been nyghte, as it is shewed in olde cronycles, that it thondreth and lyghtened so sore, that men thought the firmament had been open, and a@d the worlde sholde haue perysshed. And there blewe soo moche wynde out of the iiii quarters of the worlde, and was such storme and tempest, that al the hous trembled so sore, that it shoke a grete pece of it to the erth, in so moche that a@d they that were in the hous wened that the worlde had been at an ende, and that they, with the house and all, sholde haue sonken. But in shorte tyme it pleased God that all this trouble ceased, and the weder clered up, and the chylde was brought to chyrch to be crystened, whiche was named Robert. This childe was large of stature at his byrthe and he had been a yere old, whereof the people had grete wonder and as this chylde was a berynge to the chirche to be crystned and home ayenst, it neuer ceased eryenge and houlynge. And in shorte space he had longe teeth wherwith he bote the norshes pappes in such wyse, that there was no woman durst gyue hym souke, for he bote off the hedes of theyr brestes wherefore they were fayne to gyue hym souke and to brynge hym up with an
[ GS_aligned] ######################## deyed of chylde, for all the ladyes and gentyl-women that there were with her wened, she wold have perysshed and deyed in trauaylynge. @Wherfore they were gretly abasshed and aferde with the merueylouse noise and tokens that they herde and se in the byrth of the said Robert the Deuyll, in that whan this chylde was borne, the sky waxed as darke as though it had been nyghte, as it is shewed in olde cronycles, that it thondreth and lyghtened so sore, that men thought the firmament had been open, and all the worlde sholde haue perysshed. And there blewe soo moche wynde out of the iiii quarters of the worlde, and was such storme and tempest, that al the hous trembled so sore, that it shoke a grete pece of it to the erth, in so moche that all they that were in the hous wened that the worlde had been at an ende, and that they, with the house and all, sholde haue sonken. But in shorte tyme it pleased God that all this trouble ceased, and the weder clered up, and the chylde was brought to chyrch to be crystened, whiche was named Robert. This childe was large of stature at his byrthe and he had been a yere old, whereof the people had grete wonder and as this chylde was a berynge to the chirche to be crystned and home ayenst, it neuer ceased cryenge and houlynge. And in shorte space he had longe teeth wherwith he bote the norshes pappes in such wyse, that there was no woman durst gyue hym souke, for he bote off the hedes of theyr brestes wherefore they were fayne to gyue hym souke and to brynge hym up with an