[OCR_toInput] 11 ROBERT THE DECYLL. them and gyue them a sowse in the necke that theyr hedes kyssed the ground in so moche that euery body cursed hym for his wycked dedes doynge. And the duke his fader seynge his myscheuous dyspocysyon and cursed lyfe of his sone, he was so angry with hym selfe, that he wyshed hymself many tymes dede and out of the worlde. And the duchese in lykewyse was gretly moued and muche sorowefud by cawse of the mysche uous lyfe of her sone, saynge in this wyse, My lord our sone is nowe of sufficient age and able to bere armes, wherefore me thynke it were best that ye made hym knyght if than he wolde remembre thordre of knyght hode whereby he myght leve his wyckedness. The duke was here withall content. And Robert had at that tyme but eyghtene yere of age. How Robert the Deuyll was made knyght by the duke his fader. This duke assembled upon a hye feast of Whitsontyde, aU his barons and nobles of his lande, and the next of his kyn and frendes, in the presence of whome he caUed his sone to hym saynge thus, Herke my sone Robert, and take hede what I shall tell you, it is so that by thaduyce of my counsed and good frendes, I am now aduysed to make you a knyght, to thentent that ye with other knyghtes to haunte chevalryeand knyghtes condycions, to thentente that ye shad leve and forsake your uyces and moost hatfull lyf. Robert herynge this, answered his fader, I shall do your comandment
[OCR_aligned] 11 ROBERT THE DECYLL. them and gyue them a sowse in the necke that theyr hedes kyssed the ground in so moche that euery body cursed hym for his wycked dedes doynge. And the duke his fader seynge his myscheuous dyspocysyon and cursed lyfe of his sone, he was so angry with hym selfe, that he wyshed hymself many tymes dede and out of the worlde. And the duchese in lykewyse was gretly moued and muche sorowefu@d by cawse of the mysche uous lyfe of her sone, saynge in this wyse, My lord our sone is nowe of sufficient age and able to bere armes, wherefore me thynke it were best that ye made hym knyght if than he wolde remembre thordre of knyght hode whereby he myght leve his wyckedness. The duke was here withall content. And Robert had at that tyme but eyghtene yere of age. How Robert the Deuyll was made knyght by the duke his fader. This duke assembled upon a hye feast of Whitsontyde, a@U his barons and nobles of his lande, and the next of his kyn and frendes, in the presence of whome he ca@Ued his sone to hym saynge thus, Herke my sone Robert, and take hede what I shall tell you, it is so that by thaduyce of my counse@d and good frendes, I am now aduysed to make you a knyght, to thentent that ye with other knyghtes to haunte chevalrye@and knyghtes condycions, to thentente that ye sha@d leve and forsake your uyces and moost hatfull lyf. Robert herynge this, answered his fader, I shall do your comandment
[ GS_aligned] ########################## and gyue them a sowse in the necke that theyr hedes kyssed the ground in so moche that euery body cursed hym for his wycked dedes doynge. And the duke his fader seynge his myscheuous dyspocysyon and cursed lyfe of his sone, he was so angry with hym-selfe, that he wyshed hymself many tymes dede and out of the worlde. And the duchese in lykewyse was gretly moued and muche sorowefull by cawse of the mysche-uous lyfe of her sone, saynge in this wyse, My lord our sone is nowe of sufficient age and able to bere armes, wherefore me thynke it were best that ye made hym knyght if than he wolde remembre thordre of knyght-hode whereby he myght leve his wyckedness. The duke was here withall content. And Robert had at that tyme but eyghtene yere of age. How Robert the Deuyll was made knyght by the duke his fader. THIS duke assembled upon a hye feast of Whitsontyde, all his barons and nobles of his lande, and the next of his kyn and frendes, in the presence of whome he called his sone to hym saynge thus, Herke my sone Robert, and take hede what I shall tell you, it is so that by thaduyce of my counsell and good frendes, I am now aduysed to make you a knyght, to thentent that ye with other knyghtes to haunte chevalrye and knyghtes condycions, to thentente that ye shall leve and forsake your uyces and moost hatfull lyf. Robert herynge this, answered his fader, I shall do your comandment