[OCR_toInput] eobert the deuyll. 25 good seruyse, I haue gyuen you good wages, for who souer serueth a good mayster he is lyke to haue good wages. Whan Robert thus had done he wolde have brente the hous, but he consydered the great good that was therin, wherfore he let it stande, shytte faste the dores about and locked them, and brought awaye the keye with hym to his faders. How Robert the DeuyU sente the keye of his chefe hous or theuysshe lodgynge to his faders the duke of Normandye, and how he wente to Rome. Than whan Robert had done aU that said is, he tooke up his hande and blessed hym, and rode through the forest the neere waye to Rome. Robert rode that daye so long tyU that the nyght came on, and was passynge sore and hongred, for he had eten no mete of all that daye, and fortuned to come rydynge by an Abbaye, whyche he had many tymes robbed, and the abbote was his kynnessman, and Robert rode in to this abbaye and sayd neuer a worde, but whan the monkes se Robert come they were aferde, and ranne awaye, saynge one to another, Here cometh the ungracyous Robert, the DeuyU hath brought him hether. Whan Robert herde this, and se them aU renne awaye frome him, than his sorowe begun to renewe, and sayd in himself, in sore syghynge and sorowfull herte I may weU hate my cursed lyfe, for euery man fleeth from me, and I haue spent my tyme ungracyously, and in euyll and cursed werkes, and there withall he rode streyght
[OCR_aligned] eobert the deuyll. 25 good seruyse, I haue gyuen you good wages, for who souer serueth a good mayster he is lyke to haue good wages. Whan Robert thus had done he wolde have brente the hous, but he consydered the great good that was therin, wherfore he let it stande, shytte faste the dores about and locked them, and brought awaye the keye with hym to his faders. How Robert the Deuy@U sente the keye of his chefe hous or theuysshe lodgynge to his faders the duke of Normandye, and how he wente to Rome. Than whan Robert had done a@U that said is, he tooke up his hande and blessed hym, and rode through the forest the neere waye to Rome. Robert rode that daye so long ty@U that the nyght came on, and was passynge sore and hongred, for he had eten no mete of all that daye, and fortuned to come rydynge by an Abbaye, whyche he had many tymes robbed, and the abbote was his kynnessman, and Robert rode in to this abbaye and sayd neuer a worde, but whan the monkes se Robert come they were aferde, and ranne awaye, saynge one to another, Here cometh the ungracyous Robert, the Deuy@U hath brought him hether. Whan Robert herde this, and se them a@U renne awaye frome him, than his sorowe begun to renewe, and sayd in himself, in sore syghynge and sorowfull herte I may we@U hate my cursed lyfe, for euery man fleeth from me, and I haue spent my tyme ungracyously, and in euyll and cursed werkes, and there withall he rode streyght
[ GS_aligned] ########################## seruyse, I haue gyuen you good wages, for who-souer serueth a good mayster he is lyke to haue good wages. Whan Rohert thus had done he wolde have brente the hous, but he consydered the great good that was therin, wherfore he let it stande, shytte faste the dores about and locked them, and brought awaye the keye with hym to his faders. How Robert the Deuyll sente the keye of his chefe hous or theuysshe lodgynge to his faders the duke of Normandye, and how he wente to Rome. THAN whan Robert had done all that said is, he tooke up his hande and blessed hym, and rode through the forest the neere waye to Rome. Robert rode that daye so long tyll that the nyght came on, and was passynge sore and hongred, for he had eten no mete of all that daye, and fortuned to come rydynge by an Abbaye, whyche he had many tymes robbed, and the abbote was his kynnessman, and Robert rode in to this abbaye and sayd neuer a worde, but whan the monkes se Robert come they were aferde, and ranne awaye, saynge one to another, Here cometh the ungracyous Robert, the Deuyll hath brought him hether. Whan Robert herde this, and se them all renne awaye frome him, than his sorowe begun to renewe, and sayd in himself, in sore syghynge and sorowfull herte I may well hate my cursed lyfe, for euery man fleeth from me, and I haue spent my tyme ungracyously, and in euyll and cursed werkes, and there withall he rode streyght