[OCR_toInput] 28 ROBERT THE DEUTLL. them all to holde their pease, that he myght the better here and understande Robert. Then sayd Robert to the pope in this manner 0 ! holy fader, I am the moost and the greteste syner of aU the worlde ! The pope toke Robert up by the hande, and sayde to hym Good frende, what is your desyre, and what eleth you to make all this noyse ? Than sayd Robert O ! holy fader, I beseche you to here my confessyon, for I be not by you assoyled, I am dampned worlde withouten ende, for it is meruayle that the deuyU here me not awaye body and soule, seynge the foule innumerable synne that I am laden and bounden withall more than ony man lyuynge and in soo moche that ye are he that gyueth helpe and comforte to them that haue nede, therefore I humbly beseche you for the passyon of our Lorde Jhesu Cryst to here and purge me of my abho mynable synnes, wherby I am deceued and departed from al the joyes of heuen, and I am wors than a Jewe. The pope herynge this, demed and thought in hymselfe whether this were Robert the DeuyU, and axed hym, Sone, be ye Robert the whiche I haue herde so moche spekynge of, the whiche is worst of aU men. Than Robert answered and sayd, Ye. Than the pope sayd I wyU assoyle you, but I conjure you in the name of God that ye do no man harme. The pope and aU that were aboute hym were aferde to loke upon Robert. Robert fell on his knees with great deuocyon and repentaunce of hys synnes, saynge, Holy fader, nay as longe as I lyue I promyse God and his blessed
[OCR_aligned] 28 ROBERT THE DEUTLL. them all to holde their pease, that he myght the better here and understande Robert. Then sayd Robert to the pope in this manner 0 ! holy fader, I am the moost and the greteste syner of a@U the worlde ! The pope toke Robert up by the hande, and sayde to hym Good frende, what is your desyre, and what eleth you to make all this noyse ? Than sayd Robert O ! holy fader, I beseche you to here my confessyon, for I be not by you assoyled, I am dampned worlde withouten ende, for it is meruayle that the deuy@U here me not awaye body and soule, seynge the foule innumerable synne that I am laden and bounden withall more than ony man lyuynge and in soo moche that ye are he that gyueth helpe and comforte to them that haue nede, therefore I humbly beseche you for the passyon of our Lorde Jhesu Cryst to here and purge me of my abho mynable synnes, wherby I am deceued and departed from al the joyes of heuen, and I am wors than a Jewe. The pope herynge this, demed and thought in hymselfe whether this were Robert the Deuy@U, and axed hym, Sone, be ye Robert the whiche I haue herde so moche spekynge of, the whiche is worst of a@U men. Than Robert answered and sayd, Ye. Than the pope sayd I wy@U assoyle you, but I conjure you in the name of God that ye do no man harme. The pope and a@U that were aboute hym were aferde to loke upon Robert. Robert fell on his knees with great deuocyon and repentaunce of hys synnes, saynge, Holy fader, nay as longe as I lyue I promyse God and his blessed
[ GS_aligned] ########################## all to holde their pease, that he myght the better here and understande Robert. Then sayd Robert to the pope in this manner O ! holy fader, I am the moost and the greteste syner of all the worlde ! The pope toke Robert up by the hande, and sayde to hym Good frende, what is your desyre, and what eleth you to make all this noyse ? Than sayd Robert O ! holy fader, I beseche you to here my confessyon, for I be not by you assoyled, I am dampned worlde withouten ende, for it is meruayle that the deuyll bere me not awaye body and soule, seynge the foule innumerable synne that I am laden and bounden witball more than ony man lyuynge and in soo moche that ye are he that gyueth helpe and comforte to them that haue nede, therefore I humbly beseche you for the passyon of our Lorde Jhesu Cryst to here and purge me of my abho-mynable synnes, wherby I am deceued and departed from al the joyes of heuen, and I am wors than a Jewe. The pope herynge this, demed and thought in hymselfe whether this were Robert the Deuyll, and axed hym, Sone, be ye Robert the whiche I haue herde so moche spekynge of, the whiche is worst of all men. Than Robert answered and sayd, Ye. Than the pope sayd I wyll assoyle you, but I conjure you in the name of God that ye do no man harme. The pope and all that were aboute hym were aferde to loke upon Robert. Robert fell on his knees with great deuocyon and repentaunce of hys synnes, saynge, Holy fader, nay as longe as I lyue I promyse God and his blessed