[OCR_toInput] ROBERT THE DEUYLL. 39 How our Sauyour Jhesu hauynge compassyon on the crysten blode, sent Robert by an aungeU a whyte horse and harneys, commaundynge hym to go rescue and helpe the Romayns ayenst the Ethen dogges the Sarasyns. The emperour and the Romayns went to the batayle as sayd is ayenst the Sarasyns, and Robert was at home, where he was accostomed to walke in the gardyne to a fountayne or weU to drynke, and this was on the same daye that themperour with his hoste sholde gyue batayle ayenst the Sarasyns than came there, a uoyce oute of Heuen sente from our Lorde, saynge in this maner. Robert, God commaundeth you, by me, that ye incontynent arme you with this harneys, and lyght upon this horse that God hath sente you, and ryde in aU the hast possyble and rescue the emperour and his people. Robert herynge the commaundement of God was abasshed in his mynde, and durst not do ayenst goddes commaundement, but in contynent he armed hym and lepte on the hors without tarynge and rode his waye. The emperour's doughter whiche I tolde you of before, stode at a wyndowe and sawe Robert thus armed on horsbacke, than if she coude haue spoken she wolde haue tolde it, but she coude not speke for she was dombe, but she remembred and bare it surely in her mynde. Robert thus horst and harnayst, rode into themperours hoost whiche he sawe sore ouer pressed with theyr enmyes the Turkes, in so moche, that had
[OCR_aligned] ROBERT THE DEUYLL. 39 How our Sauyour Jhesu hauynge compassyon on the crysten blode, sent Robert by an aunge@U a whyte horse and harneys, commaundynge hym to go rescue and helpe the Romayns ayenst the Ethen dogges the Sarasyns. The emperour and the Romayns went to the batayle as sayd is ayenst the Sarasyns, and Robert was at home, where he was accostomed to walke in the gardyne to a fountayne or we@U to drynke, and this was on the same daye that themperour with his hoste sholde gyue batayle ayenst the Sarasyns than came there, a uoyce oute of Heuen sente from our Lorde, saynge in this maner. Robert, God commaundeth you, by me, that ye incontynent arme you with this harneys, and lyght upon this horse that God hath sente you, and ryde in a@U the hast possyble and rescue the emperour and his people. Robert herynge the commaundement of God was abasshed in his mynde, and durst not do ayenst goddes commaundement, but in contynent he armed hym and lepte on the hors without tarynge and rode his waye. The emperour's doughter whiche I tolde you of before, stode at a wyndowe and sawe Robert thus armed on horsbacke, than if she coude haue spoken she wolde haue tolde it, but she coude not speke for she was dombe, but she remembred and bare it surely in her mynde. Robert thus horst and harnayst, rode into themperours hoost whiche he sawe sore ouer pressed with theyr enmyes the Turkes, in so moche, that had
[ GS_aligned] ######################### our Sauyour Jhesu hauynge compassyon on the crysten blode, sent Robert by an aungell a whyte horse and harneys, commaundynge hym to go rescue and helpe the Romayns ayenst the Ethen dogges the Sarasyns. THE emperour and the Romayns went to the batayle as sayd is ayenst the Sarasyns, and Robert was at home, where he was accostomed to walke in the gardyne to a fountayne or well to drynke, and this was on the same daye that themperour with his hoste sholde gyue batayle ayenst the Sarasyns than came there, a uoyce oute of Heuen sente from our Lorde, saynge in this maner. Robert, God commaundeth you, by me, that ye incontynent arme you with this harneys, and lyght upon this horse that God hath sente you, and ryde in all the hast possyble and rescue the emperour and his people. Robert herynge the commaundement of God was abasshed in his mynde, and durst not do ayenst goddes commaundement, but in contynent he armed hym and lepte on the hors without tarynge and rode his waye. The emperour's doughter whiche I tolde you of before, stode at a wyndowe and sawe Robert thus armed on horsbacke, than if she coude haue spoken she wolde haue tolde it, but she coude not speke for she was dombe, but she remembred and bare it surely in her mynde. Robert thus horst and harnayst, rode into themperours hoost whiche he sawe sore ouer pressed with theyr enmyes the Turkes, in so moche, that had