[OCR_toInput] 40 ROBERT THE DEUYLL. not God and Robert rescued them, the crysten had ben aU slayne, but whan Robert was come into the hoost he put him in the moost prese of the Turkes and faughte and layde on eche syde on these cursed houndes there a man myg ht haue sene armes, legges, hedes tomble on the grounde, both horse and man that neuer rose after it was a worlde to se the murdre that Robert dyde amonge the dampned dogges the Sarasyns so to make shorte tale, Robert dyde so moche, that the Sarasyns were constrayned to flye awaye and themperour helde the felde and had the vyctorye of them. How Robert turned agayne to the forsayd fountayne, and there unarmed hym, whan he had thus subdued and vaynquysshed the Sarasyns and put them to flyght. Now hath the emperour gotten the felde and the honoure, thanked be God, and Robert is torned agayne to the sayd fountayne, and there unarmed hym and layde the harneys on the hors, whiche incontynent was vanyshed awaye that no man coude knowe nor perceyue where he become and Robert bode styU standynge by the fountayne. Themperour's doughter seynge this had grete meruayll of this, and wolde haue tolde it forth but she was dombe and coude no speke. Robert had a race in his face, whiche he gote in the batayll, but he was none otherwyse hurte the emperour was glad, and thanked God of his victory ayenst the false dogges the
[OCR_aligned] 40 ROBERT THE DEUYLL. not God and Robert rescued them, the crysten had ben a@U slayne, but whan Robert was come into the hoost he put him in the moost prese of the Turkes and faughte and layde on eche syde on these cursed houndes there a man myg ht haue sene armes, legges, hedes tomble on the grounde, both horse and man that neuer rose after it was a worlde to se the murdre that Robert dyde amonge the dampned dogges the Sarasyns so to make shorte tale, Robert dyde so moche, that the Sarasyns were constrayned to flye awaye and themperour helde the felde and had the vyctorye of them. How Robert turned agayne to the forsayd fountayne, and there unarmed hym, whan he had thus subdued and vaynquysshed the Sarasyns and put them to flyght. Now hath the emperour gotten the felde and the honoure, thanked be God, and Robert is torned agayne to the sayd fountayne, and there unarmed hym and layde the harneys on the hors, whiche incontynent was vanyshed awaye that no man coude knowe nor perceyue where he become and Robert bode sty@U standynge by the fountayne. Themperour's doughter seynge this had grete meruayll of this, and wolde haue tolde it forth but she was dombe and coude no speke. Robert had a race in his face, whiche he gote in the batayll, but he was none otherwyse hurte the emperour was glad, and thanked God of his victory ayenst the false dogges the
[ GS_aligned] ######################### God and Robert rescued them, the crysten had ben all slayne, but whan Robert was come into the hoost he put him in the moost prese of the Turkes and faughte and layde on eche syde on these cursed houndes there a man myg@ht haue sene armes, legges, hedes tomble on the grounde, both horse and man that neuer rose after it was a worlde to se the murdre that Robert dyde amonge the dampned dogges the Sarasyns so to make shorte tale, Robert dyde so moche, that the Sarasyns were constrayned to flye awaye and themperour helde the felde and had the vyctorye of them. How Robert turned agayne to the forsayd fountayne, and there unarmed hym, whan he had thus subdued and vaynquysshed the Sarasyns and put them to flyght. Now hath the emperour gotten the felde and the honoure, thanked be God, and Robert is torned agayne to the sayd fountayne, and there unarmed hym and layde the harneys on the hors, whiche incontynent was vanyshed awaye that no man coude knowe nor perceyue where he become and Robert bode styll standynge by the fountayne. Themperour's doughter seynge this had grete meruayll of this, and wolde haue tolde it forth but she was dombe and coude no speke. Robert had a race in his face, whiche he gote in the batayll, but he was none otherwyse hurte the emperour was glad, and thanked God of his victory ayenst the false dogges the