[OCR_toInput] 42 EOBERT THE DEUYLL. it in the batayll. The emperour understandynge the mynde and intent of his doughter, he was angry and sayd to her maystres Ye sholde teche and lerne my doughter wysdome, and no folye ne peuysnesse where withaU I am myscontent. The doughter seynge that her fader was angry, pointed no more, notwithstandynge she wyst weU that it was trewe that she poynted and mente, for in as moche as she had sene the aungell brynge hym the hors and harneys. This remayned in this wyse a certayne season, and after that the Sarasyns were put to flyght by the Romaynes, as sayd is, yet came the senesshaU agayne with moche more company, and layde syege to Rome and the Romaynes sholde haue lost the felde ayen, had not the knyghte on the whyte horse bene, to whome God sent hors and harnays as be had done before. To make shorte tale, this knyght dyde so moche that the Sarasyns were put to flyght, and the Romaynes won the felde and vyctorye as they dyde before. There were some of the emperour's meyny layde wayte where this knyght became, but as soone as the batayle was done he was gone no man coude teU were he was become, saueonly the emperour's doughter whiche se hym at the fountayne agayne un armynge hym. How Robert gatte the thyrde batayle as he dyde before which she kepte secrete. In a short tyme after this the senesshaU tourned agayne with a moche greter power than he had before, and
[OCR_aligned] 42 EOBERT THE DEUYLL. it in the batayll. The emperour understandynge the mynde and intent of his doughter, he was angry and sayd to her maystres Ye sholde teche and lerne my doughter wysdome, and no folye ne peuysnesse where witha@U I am myscontent. The doughter seynge that her fader was angry, pointed no more, notwithstandynge she wyst we@U that it was trewe that she poynted and mente, for in as moche as she had sene the aungell brynge hym the hors and harneys. This remayned in this wyse a certayne season, and after that the Sarasyns were put to flyght by the Romaynes, as sayd is, yet came the senessha@U agayne with moche more company, and layde syege to Rome and the Romaynes sholde haue lost the felde ayen, had not the knyghte on the whyte horse bene, to whome God sent hors and harnays as be had done before. To make shorte tale, this knyght dyde so moche that the Sarasyns were put to flyght, and the Romaynes won the felde and vyctorye as they dyde before. There were some of the emperour's meyny layde wayte where this knyght became, but as soone as the batayle was done he was gone no man coude te@U were he was become, saue@only the emperour's doughter whiche se hym at the fountayne agayne un armynge hym. How Robert gatte the thyrde batayle as he dyde before which she kepte secrete. In a short tyme after this the senessha@U tourned agayne with a moche greter power than he had before, and
[ GS_aligned] ######################## in the batayll. The emperour understandynge the mynde and intent of his doughter, he was angry and sayd to her maystres Ye sholde teche and lerne my doughter wysdome, and no folye ne peuysnesse where-withall I am myscontent. The doughter seynge that her@fader was angry, pointed no more, notwithstandynge she wyst well that it was trewe that she poynted and mente, for in as moche as she had sene the aungell brynge hym the hors and harneys. This remayned in this wyse a certayne season, and after that the Sarasyns were put to flyght by the Romaynes, as sayd is, yet came the senesshall agayne with moche more company, and layde syege to Rome and the Romaynes sholde haue lost the felde ayen, had not the knyghte on the whyte horse bene, to whome God sent hors and harnays as he had done before. To make shorte tale, this knyght dyde so moche that the Sarasyns were put to flyght, and the Romaynes won the felde and vyctorye as they dyde before. There were some of the emperour's meyny layde wayte where this knyght became, but as soone as the batayle was done he was gone no man coude tell were he was become, saue only the emperour's doughter whiche se hym at the fountayne agayne un-armynge hym. How Robert gatte the thyrde batayle as he dyde before which she kepte secrete. IN a short tyme after this the senesshall tourned agayne with a moche greter power than he had before, and