[OCR_toInput] THOMAS OF READING. Thomas of Beading, or the Sixe Worthie Yeomen of the West, is the production of Thomas Deloney, a famous baUad maker in his day, in which latter character he appears to have drawn upon him self the indignation of Kemp, one of the original actors of Shakspeare . Kemp is celebrated for his miraculous morris-dance, performed in nine days from London to Norwich but this feat having been misre presented in the popular ballads, Kemp thus remon strates against our author. I have made a priuie search what priuate jig-monger of your jolly num ber had been the author of these abhominable badets written of me. I was told it was the great badade-maker, T. D. or Thomas Deloney, chro-nicler of the memorable Lives of the ' Six Yeomen of the West,' ' Jack of Newberry ' the Gentle Craft,' and such like honest men, omitted by Stowe, HoUinshed, Grafton, Had, Froysart, and the rest of those wed-deserving writers. See Kemp's Nine Dales Wonder performed in a Daunce from jLondon to Norwich, edited by the Rev. Alex. Dyce for the Camden Society.
[OCR_aligned] THOMAS OF READING. Thomas of Beading, or the Sixe Worthie Yeomen of the West, is the production of Thomas Deloney, a famous ba@Uad maker in his day, in which latter character he appears to have drawn upon him self the indignation of Kemp, one of the original actors of Shakspeare . Kemp is celebrated for his miraculous morris-dance, performed in nine days from London to Norwich but this feat having been misre presented in the popular ballads, Kemp thus remon strates against our author. I have made a priuie search what priuate jig-monger of your jolly num@ ber had been the author of these abhominable ba@dets written of me. I was told it was the great ba@dade-maker, T. D. or Thomas Deloney, chro-@nicler of the memorable Lives of the ' Six Yeomen of the West,' ' Jack of Newberry ' @the Gentle Craft,' and such like honest men, omitted by Stowe, Ho@Uinshed, Grafton, Ha@d, Froysart, and the rest of those we@d-deserving writers. See Kemp's Nine Dales Wonder performed in a Daunce from jLondon to Norwich, edited by the Rev. Alex. Dyce for the Camden Society.
[ GS_aligned] THOMAS OF READING. Thomas of Reading, or the Sixe Worthie Yeomen of the West, is the production of Thomas Deloney, a famous ballad maker in his day, in which latter character he appears to have drawn upon him-self the indignation of Kemp, one of the original actors of Shakspeare . Kemp is celebrated for his miraculous morris-dance, performed in nine days from London to Norwich but this feat having been misre-presented in the popular ballads, Kemp thus remon-strates against our author. I have made a priuie search what priuate jig-monger of your jolly num- ber had been the author of these abhominable ballets written of me. I was told it was the great ballade-maker, T. D. or Thomas Deloney, chro- nicler of the memorable Lives of the '@Six Yeomen of the West,' '@Jack of Newberry,' 'the Gentle Craft,' and such like honest men, omitted by Stowe, Hollinshed, Grafton, Hall, Froysart, and the rest of those well-deserving writers. See Kemp's Nine Dales Wonder performed in a Daunce from @London to Norwich, edited by the Rev. Alex. Dyce for the Camden Society.