[OCR_toInput] PEEFA0E. 63 1623, and in the Roxburgh sale The pleasant History of Thomas of Heading ' 4to. 1636, produced 51. 15s. 6d. The fodowing entry in the Henslowe MSS. shews that it was made the subject of a dramatic per formance 12 Nov. 1601. The six Clothiers of the West, by Richard Hathway, Wentworth Smith and Wm. Haughton. The second part of The Six Clothiers by the same. Thomas of Beading had, however, been preceded by two works of simdar character. The earliest, The pleasant Historie of John Winchcomb, in his younger yeares called Jack of Newbery, the famous andivorthy Clothier of England declaring his life and love, together with his charitable deeds and great Hospitali tie, c, entered in the Stationers' Had as early as 7th May, 1596, and of which the eighth edition appeared in 1619, 4to. The third work of this character, for which we are indebted to Deloney, is The Gentle Craft, a most merry and pleasant History, not altogether unprofitable nor any way hurtfull very fitte to passe away the tediousness of the long winters evenings entered in the Stationers' Books on the 15th October, 1597, and of which an
[OCR_aligned] PEEFA0E. 63 1623, and in the Roxburgh sale The pleasant History of Thomas of Heading ' 4to. 1636, produced 51. 15s. 6d. The fo@dowing entry in the Henslowe MSS. shews that it was made the subject of a dramatic per formance 12 Nov. 1601. The six Clothiers of the West, by Richard Hathway, Wentworth Smith and Wm. Haughton. The second part of The Six Clothiers by the same. Thomas of Beading had, however, been preceded by two works of sim@dar character. The earliest, The pleasant Historie of John Winchcomb, in his younger yeares called Jack of Newbery, the famous andivorthy Clothier of England declaring his life and love, together with his charitable deeds and great Hospitali tie, c@, entered in the Stationers' Ha@d as early as 7th May, 1596, and of which the eighth edition appeared in 1619, 4to. The third work of this character, for which we are indebted to Deloney, is The Gentle Craft, a most merry and pleasant History, not altogether unprofitable nor any way hurtfull very fitte to passe away the tediousness of the long winters evenings entered in the Stationers' Books on the 15th October, 1597, and of which an
[ GS_aligned] ################# and in the Roxburgh sale The pleasant History of Thomas of Reading@, 4to. 1636, produced 5l. 15s. 6d. The following entry in the Henslowe MSS. shews that it was made the subject of a dramatic per-formance 12 Nov. 1601. The six Clothiers of the West, by Richard Hathway, Wentworth Smith and Wm. Haughton. The second part of The Six Clothiers by the same. Thomas of Reading had, however, been preceded by two works of similar character. The earliest, The pleasant Historie of John Winchcomb, in his younger yeares called Jack of Newbery, the famous and worthy Clothier of England declaring his life and love, together with his charitable deeds and great Hospitali-tie, c., entered in the Stationers' Hall as early as 7th May, 1596, and of which the eighth edition appeared in 1619, 4to. The third work of this character, for which we are indebted to Deloney, is The Gentle Craft, a most merry and pleasant History, not altogether unprofitable nor any way hurtfull very fitte to passe away the tediousness of the long winters evenings entered in the Stationers' Books on the 15th October, 1597, and of which an