[OCR_toInput] OF THOMAS OF READING. 93 so cruell to me, to turne me out of doores, now alas, I know not where to goe, or what to doe, if you forsake me. 0 let not the fading beauty of my face dispoile me of your fauour for rather then that shaU hinder my seruice, this my knife shad soone disfigure my face, and I will banish beauty as my greatest enemy. And with that, her aboundant teares stopped her speech, that shee could not vtter one word more. The woman seeing this, could not harbour any longer, nor could her Master stay in the roome for weeping. Well, Margaret, said her dame little know ing that a Lady kneeled before her vsing thy selfe wed I wdl keepe thee, and thou shalt haue my good wfll, if thou gouerne thyselfe with wisedome and so she sent her about her businesse. Her hus band comming to supper, said, How now wife, art thou so doubtfud.of me, that thou hast put away thy maiden ? I wis qd. she you are a wise man, to stand praising of a maidens beauty before her face and you a wise woman, qd. he, to grow iealous without a cause. So to supper they went, and because Margaret shewed her selfe of finest behauiour aboue the rest, she was appointed to waite on the table. And it is to be vnder stood, that Gray did neuer eate his meat alone, but stdl had some of bis neighbours with him, before whom he caHed his maid, saying, Margaret, come hither. Now because there was another of the same name in the house, she made answer. I caU not you, maiden, quoth he, but Margaret with the lilly-white hand. After which time she was euer called so.
[OCR_aligned] OF THOMAS OF READING. 93 so cruell to me, to turne me out of doores, now alas, I know not where to goe, or what to doe, if you forsake me. 0 let not the fading beauty of my face dispoile me of your fauour for rather then that sha@U hinder my seruice, this my knife sha@d soone disfigure my face, and I will banish beauty as my greatest enemy. And with that, her aboundant teares stopped her speech, that shee could not vtter one word more. The woman seeing this, could not harbour any longer, nor could her Master stay in the roome for weeping. Well, Margaret, said her dame little know ing that a Lady kneeled before her vsing thy selfe we@d I w@dl keepe thee, and thou shalt haue my good wfll, if thou gouerne thyselfe with wisedome and so she sent her about her businesse. Her hus band comming to supper, said, How now wife, art thou so doubtfu@d.of me, that thou hast put away thy maiden ? I wis qd. she you are a wise man, to stand praising of a maidens beauty before her face and you a wise woman, qd. he, to grow iealous without a cause. So to supper they went, and because Margaret shewed her selfe of finest behauiour aboue the rest, she was appointed to waite on the table. And it is to be vnder stood, that Gray did neuer eate his meat alone, but st@dl had some of bis neighbours with him, before whom he ca@Hed his maid, saying, Margaret, come hither. Now because there was another of the same name in the house, she made answer. I ca@U not you, maiden, quoth he, but Margaret with the lilly-white hand. After which time she was euer called so.
[ GS_aligned] ########################### cruell to me, to turne me out of doores, now alas, I know not where to goe, or what to doe, if you forsake me. O let not the fading beauty of my face dispoile me of your fauour for rather then that shall hinder my seruice, this my knife shall soone disfigure my face, and I will banish beauty as my greatest enemy. And with that, her aboundant teares stopped her speech, that shee could not vtter one word more. The woman seeing this, could not harbour any longer, nor could her Master stay in the roome for weeping. Well, Margaret, said her dame little know-ing that a Lady kneeled before her vsing thy selfe well I will keepe thee, and thou shalt haue my good will, if thou gouerne thyselfe with wisedome and so she sent her about her businesse. Her hus-band comming to supper, said, How now wife, art thou so doubtfull of me, that thou hast put away thy maiden ? I wis qd. she you are a wise man, to stand praising of a maidens beauty before her face and you a wise woman, qd. he, to grow iealous without a cause. So to supper they went, and because Margaret shewed her selfe of finest behauiour aboue the rest, she was appointed to waite on the table. And it is to be vnder-stood, that Gray did neuer eate his meat alone, but still had some of bis neighbours with him, before whom he called his maid, saying, Margaret, come hither. Now because there was another of the same name in the house, she made answer. I call not you, maiden, quoth he, but Margaret with the lilly-white hand. After which time she was euer called so.