[OCR_toInput] 94 THE PLEASANT HISTORIE How the Kings Maiestie sent for the Clothiers, and of the sundry fauours which he did them. Chap. 4. King Henry prouiding for his voyage into France, against King Lewis and Robert Duke of Normandie his owne brother,committed the Gouernment of the Realme in his absence, to the Bishop of Salisbury, a man of great wisedome and learning, whom the king esteemed highly, and afterward he thought good to send for the chiefe Clothiers of England, who according to the kings appointment came to the Court, and hairing Hcence to come before his Maiestie, he spake to this effect. The strength of a King is the loue and friendship of his people, and he gouernes ouer his Realme most surely, that ruleth iustice with mercy for he ought to feare many, whom many doe feare therefore the Gouernors of the Common-wealth ought to obserue two speciaU precepts the one is, that they so maintaine the profit of the Commons, that whatsoeuer in their calling they doe, they referre it thereunto the other, that they be alwayes as well carefidl ouer the whole Common-wealth, as ouer any part thereof lest, while they vphold the one, the other be brought to vtter decay. And forasmuch as I doe vnderstand, and haue partly seene, that you the Clothiers of England are no small benefit to the wealth pubfike, I thought it good to know from your owne mouthes, if there be any thing not yet granted that may benefit you, or any other thing to be remoued that doth hurt you.
[OCR_aligned] 94 THE PLEASANT HISTORIE How the Kings Maiestie sent for the Clothiers, and of the sundry fauours which he did them. Chap. 4. King Henry prouiding for his voyage into France, against King Lewis and Robert Duke of Normandie his owne brother,committed the Gouernment of the Realme in his absence, to the Bishop of Salisbury, a man of great wisedome and learning, whom the king esteemed highly, and afterward he thought good to send for the chiefe Clothiers of England, who according to the kings appointment came to the Court, and hairing @Hcence to come before his Maiestie, he spake to this effect. The strength of a King is the loue and friendship of his people, and he gouernes ouer his Realme most surely, that ruleth iustice with mercy for he ought to feare many, whom many doe feare therefore the Gouernors of the Common-wealth ought to obserue two specia@U precepts the one is, that they so maintaine the profit of the Commons, that whatsoeuer in their calling they doe, they referre it thereunto the other, that they be alwayes as well carefidl ouer the whole Common-wealth, as ouer any part thereof lest, while they vphold the one, the other be brought to vtter decay. And forasmuch as I doe vnderstand, and haue partly seene, that you the Clothiers of England are no small benefit to the wealth pubfike, I thought it good to know from your owne mouthes, if there be any thing not yet granted that may benefit you, or any other thing to be remoued that doth hurt you.
[ GS_aligned] ############################ the Kings Maiestie sent for the Clothiers, and of the sundry fauours which he did them. Chap. 4. KING Henry prouiding for his voyage into France, against King Lewis and Robert Duke of Normandie his owne brother,committed the Gouernment of the Realme in his absence, to the Bishop of Salisbury, a man of great wisedome and learning, whom the king esteemed highly, and afterward he thought good to send for the chiefe Clothiers of England, who according to the kings appointment came to the Court, and ha@uing licence to come before his Maiestie, he spake to this effect. The strength of a King is the loue and friendship of his people, and he gouernes ouer his Realme most surely, that ruleth iustice with mercy for he ought to feare many, whom many doe feare therefore the Gouernors of the Common-wealth ought to obserue two speciall precepts the one is, that they so maintaine the profit of the Commons, that whatsoeuer in their calling they doe, they referre it thereunto the other, that they be alwayes as well carefull ouer the whole Common-wealth, as ouer any part thereof lest, while they vphold the one, the other be brought to vtter decay. And forasmuch as I doe vnderstand, and haue partly seene, that you the Clothiers of England are no small benefit to the wealth publike, I thought it good to know from your owne mouthes, if there be any thing not yet granted that may benefit you, or any other thing to be remoued that doth hurt you.