[OCR_toInput] OF THOMAS OF READING. 133 he ran after him, calling and crying that he should turne againe But the Fleming would not by any meanes turne backe, but got him quite out of the City, and tooke Sanctuary at Westminster. Doue being come to himselfe, arose and went to his Inne, no man hindring his passage, being not a little glad he so escaped the danger. Yet neuerthelesse, at his next comming to London, another Catchpole met with him, and arrested him in the Kings name. Doue being dismayed at this mischieuous mischance, knew not what to doe at last hee requested the Catch pole that hee would not violently cast him in prison, but stay till such time as he could send for a friend to be-his surety and although kindnesse in a Catchpole be rare, yet was he won with faire words to doe him this fauour whereupon Doue desired one to goe to his Oast Iarrat, who immediately came with him, and offered himselfe to be Doues surety. The Officer, who neuer saw this man before, was much amazed at his sight for Iarrat was a great and mighty man of body, of countenance grim, and exceed ing high of stature, so that the Catchpole was wonder fudy afraid, asking if he could find neuer a surety but the deudl, most fearfully intreating him to coniure him away, and he would doe Doue any fauour. What, wdl you not take my word, qd. Iarrat? sir, qd. the Catchpole, if it were for any matter in hed, I would take your word as soone as any diuels in that place, but seeing it is for a matter on earth, I would gladly haue a surety.
[OCR_aligned] OF THOMAS OF READING. 133 he ran after him, calling and crying that he should turne againe But the Fleming would not by any meanes turne backe, but got him quite out of the City, and tooke Sanctuary at Westminster. Doue being come to himselfe, arose and went to his Inne, no man hindring his passage, being not a little glad he so escaped the danger. Yet neuerthelesse, at his next comming to London, another Catchpole met with him, and arrested him in the Kings name. Doue being dismayed at this mischieuous mischance, knew not what to doe at last hee requested the Catch pole that hee would not violently cast him in prison, but stay till such time as he could send for a friend to be-his surety and although kindnesse in a Catchpole be rare, yet was he won with faire words to doe him this fauour whereupon Doue desired one to goe to his Oast Iarrat, who immediately came with him, and offered himselfe to be Doues surety. The Officer, who neuer saw this man before, was much amazed at his sight for Iarrat was a great and mighty man of body, of countenance grim, and exceed ing high of stature, so that the Catchpole was wonder fu@dy afraid, asking if he could find neuer a surety but the deu@dl, most fearfully intreating him to coniure him away, and he would doe Doue any fauour. What, w@dl you not take my word, qd. Iarrat@? sir, qd. the Catchpole, if it were for any matter in he@d, I would take your word as soone as any diuels in that place, but seeing it is for a matter on earth, I would gladly haue a surety.
[ GS_aligned] ############################ ran after him, calling and crying that he should turne againe But the Fleming would not by any meanes turne backe, but got him quite out of the City, and tooke Sanctuary at Westminster. Doue being come to himselfe, arose and went to his Inne, no man hindring his passage, being not a little glad he so escaped the danger. Yet neuerthelesse, at his next comming to London, another Catchpole met with him, and arrested him in the Kings name. Doue being dismayed at this mischieuous mischance, knew not what to doe at last hee requested the Catch-pole that hee would not violently cast him in prison, but stay till such time as he could send for a friend to be his surety and although kindnesse in a Catchpole be rare, yet was he won with faire words to doe him this fauour whereupon Doue desired one to goe to his Oast Iarrat, who immediately came with him, and offered himselfe to be Doues surety. The Officer, who neuer saw this man before, was much amazed at his sight for Iarrat was a great and mighty man of body, of countenance grim, and exceed-ing high of stature, so that the Catchpole was wonder-fully afraid, asking if he could find neuer a surety but the deuill, most fearfully intreating him to coniure him away, and he would doe Doue any fauour. What, will you not take my word, qd. Iarrat ? sir, qd. the Catchpole, if it were for any matter in hell, I would take your word as soone as any diuels in that place, but seeing it is for a matter on earth, I would gladly haue a surety.