[OCR_toInput] 154 THE PLEASANT HISTOEIE ride to London for I doubt he is either sicke or else some mischance hath fallen vnto him. The feUow did so, and asking for him at Colebrooke, they answered, hee went homeward from thence such a day. The seruant musing what should be become of his Master, and making much inquiry in the Towne for him at length one told him of a horse that was found on the high-way, and no man knew whence he came. He going to see the horse, knew him presently, and to the Crane he goes with him. The Oast of the house perceiuing this, was blanke, and that night fled secretly away. The fedow going vnto the Justice desired his helpe presently after word was brought that Iarman of the Crane was gone, then aU the men said, he had sure made Cole away and the Musicians told what Iarmau said to them, when they would haue giuen Cole musicke. Then the woman being apprehended and ex-amined, confessed the truth. Iarman soone after was taken in Windsor Forest, he and his wife were both hangd, after they had laid open al these things before expressed. Also he confessed, that he being a Car-penter made that false falling floore, and how his wife deuised it. And how they had murdered by that means Ix. persons. And yet notwithstanding all the money which they had gotten thereby, they pros pered not, but at their death were found very farre in debt. When the King heard of this murder, he was for the space of vii dayes so sorrowfull and heauie, as he would not heare any suite, giuing also commandement, that
[OCR_aligned] 154 THE PLEASANT HISTOEIE ride to London for I doubt he is either sicke or else some mischance hath fallen vnto him. The fe@Uow did so, and asking for him at Colebrooke, they answered, hee went homeward from thence such a day. The seruant musing what should be become of his Master, and making much inquiry in the Towne for him at length one told him of a horse that was found on the high-way, and no man knew whence he came. He going to see the horse, knew him presently, and to the Crane he goes with him. The Oast of the house perceiuing this, was blanke, and that night fled secretly away. The fe@dow going vnto the Justice desired his helpe presently after word was brought that Iarman of the Crane was gone, then a@U the men said, he had sure made Cole away and the Musicians told what Iarmau said to them, when they would haue giuen Cole musicke. Then the woman being apprehended and ex-amined, confessed the truth. Iarman soone after was taken in Windsor Forest, he and his wife were both hangd, after they had laid open al these things before expressed. Also he confessed, that he being a Car-penter made that false falling floore, and how his wife deuised it. And how they had murdered by that means Ix. persons. And yet notwithstanding all the money which they had gotten thereby, they pros pered not, but at their death were found very farre in debt. When the King heard of this murder, he was for the space of vii dayes so sorrowfull and heauie, as he would not heare any suite, giuing also commandement, that
[ GS_aligned] ############################## to London for I doubt he is either sicke or else some mischance hath fallen vnto him. The fellow did so, and asking for him at Colebrooke, they answered, hee went homeward from thence such a day. The seruant musing what should be become of his Master, and making much inquiry in the Towne for him at length one told him of a horse that was found on the high-way, and no man knew whence he came. He going to see the horse, knew him presently, and to the Crane he goes with him. The Oast of the house perceiuing this, was blanke, and that night fled secretly away. The fellow going vnto the Justice desired his helpe presently after word was brought that Iarman of the Crane was gone, then all the men said, he had sure made Cole away and the Musicians told what Iarman said to them, when they would haue giuen Cole musicke. Then the woman being apprehended and ex-amined, confessed the truth. Iarman soone after was taken in Windsor Forest, he and his wife were both hangd, after they had laid open al these things before expressed. Also he confessed, that he being a Car-penter made that false falling floore, and how his wife deuised it. And how they had murdered by that means lx. persons. And yet notwithstanding all the money which they had gotten thereby, they pros-pered not, but at their death were found very farre in debt. When the King heard of this murder, he was for the space of vii dayes so sorrowfull and heauie, as he would not heare any suite, giuing also commandement, that