[OCR_toInput] 196 THE FAMOUS HISTORY ever sure of it, in token of which receive this Jewell, and withall gave him a costly jewed from his necke. The fryer did with great reverence thanke his maiestie, and said as your maiesties vassall you shall ever finde me ready to do you service, your time of neede shaU finde it both beneficiall and deligbtfull. But amongst aU these gentlemen, I see not the man that your grace did send for me by, sure he hath lost his way, or else met with some sport that detaines him so long. I promised to be here before him, and aU this noble assembly can wit nesse I am as good as my word I heare him comming with that entered the gentleman all bedurted for he had rid through ditches, quagmires, plashes, and waters, that hee was in a most pittifull case he seeing the fryer there looked full angerly, and bid a poxe on all his devds, for they had led him out of his way, and almost drowned him. Be not angry sir said Fryer Bacon here is an old friend of yours that hath more cause for she hath tarried these three houres for you with that hee pulled up the hangings, and behinde them stood a kitchen-mayde with a basting-ladle in her hand now am I as good as my word with you for I promised to helpe you to your sweetheart, how do you like this ? So iU, answered the gentleman, that I wiU be revenged of you. Threaten not said Fryer Bacon least I do you more shame, and doe you take heed how you give schol lers the lye againe but because I know not how weU you are stored with money at this time, I wdl bear your wenches charges home with that she vanished away 
[OCR_aligned] 196 THE FAMOUS HISTORY ever sure of it, in token of which receive this Jewell, and withall gave him a costly jewe@d from his necke. The fryer did with great reverence thanke his maiestie, and said as your maiesties vassall you shall ever finde me ready to do you service, your time of neede sha@U finde it both beneficiall and deligbtfull. But amongst a@U these gentlemen, I see not the man that your grace did send for me by, sure he hath lost his way, or else met with some sport that detaines him so long. I promised to be here before him, and a@U this noble assembly can wit nesse I am as good as my word I heare him comming with that entered the gentleman all bedurted for he had rid through ditches, quagmires, plashes, and waters, that hee was in a most pittifull case he seeing the fryer there looked full angerly, and bid a poxe on all his dev@ds, for they had led him out of his way, and almost drowned him. Be not angry sir said Fryer Bacon here is an old friend of yours that hath more cause for she hath tarried these three houres for you with that hee pulled up the hangings, and behinde them stood a kitchen-mayde with a basting-ladle in her hand now am I as good as my word with you for I promised to helpe you to your sweetheart, how do you like this ? So i@U, answered the gentleman, that I wi@U be revenged of you. Threaten not said Fryer Bacon least I do you more shame, and doe you take heed how you give schol lers the lye againe but because I know not how we@U you are stored with money at this time, I w@dl bear your wenches charges home with that she vanished away 
[ GS_aligned] ########################### sure of it, in token of which receive this jewell, and withall gave him a costly jewell from his necke. The fryer did with great reverence thanke his maiestie, and said as your maiesties vassall you shall ever finde me ready to do you service, your time of neede shall finde it both beneficiall and delightfull. But amongst all these gentlemen, I see not the man that your grace did send for me by, sure he hath lost his way, or else met with some sport that detaines him so long. I promised to be here before him, and all this noble assembly can wit-nesse I am as good as my word I heare him comming with that entered the gentleman all bedurted for he had rid through ditches, quagmires, plashes, and waters, that hee was in a most pittifull case he seeing the fryer there looked full angerly, and bid a poxe on all his devils, for they had led him out of his way, and almost drowned him. Be not angry sir said Fryer Bacon here is an old friend of yours that hath more cause for she hath tarried these three houres for you with that hee pulled up the hangings, and behinde them stood a kitchen-mayde with a basting-ladle in her hand now am I as good as my word with you for I promised to helpe you to your sweetheart, how do you like this ? So ill, answered the gentleman, that I will be revenged of you. Threaten not said Fryer Bacon least I do you more shame, and doe you take heed how you give schol-lers the lye againe but because I know not how well you are stored with money at this time, I will bear your wenches charges home with that she vanished away 