[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 197 the'king, queene, and aU the company laughed to see with what shame this gentleman indured the sight of his greasie sweetheart but the gentleman went away discontented. This done Fryer Bacon tooke his leave of the King and Queene, and received from them divers gifts as well as thankes for his art he shewed them. How Fryer Bacon deceived his Man, that would fast for his conscience sake. Feyer Bacon had one onely man to attend on him and he too was none of the wisest, for he kept him in charity, more then for any service he had of him. This man of his named Mdes never could indure to fast as other religious persons did, for alwayes hee had in one corner, or another, flesh which hee would eate when his maister eat bread only, or else did fast and abstain e from all things. Fryer Bacon seeing this, thought at one time or other to be even with him, which he did one Fryday in this manner, Mdes on the Thursday night had provi ded a great blacke-pudding for his Frydayes fast this pudding put he in his pocket thinking befike to heate it so, for his maister had no fire on those dayes on the next day, who was so demure as Mdes, hee looked as though hee would not have eat any thing when his maister offerd him some bread, hee refused it, saying his sinnes deserved a greater penance then one dayes fast in a whole weeke his maister commended him for it, and bid him take heed that he did not dissemble for if he did, it would at last be knowne then were I worse
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 197 the'king, queene, and a@U the company laughed to see with what shame this gentleman indured the sight of his greasie sweetheart but the gentleman went away discontented. This done Fryer Bacon tooke his leave of the King and Queene, and received from them divers gifts as well as thankes for his art he shewed them. How Fryer Bacon deceived his Man, that would fast for his conscience sake. Feyer Bacon had one onely man to attend on him and he too was none of the wisest, for he kept him in charity, more then for any service he had of him. This man of his named M@des never could indure to fast as other religious persons did, for alwayes hee had in one corner, or another, flesh which hee would eate when his maister eat bread only, or else did fast and abstain e from all things. Fryer Bacon seeing this, thought at one time or other to be even with him, which he did one Fryday in this manner, M@des on the Thursday night had provi ded a great blacke-pudding for his Frydayes fast this pudding put he in his pocket thinking befike to heate it so, for his maister had no fire on those dayes on the next day, who was so demure as M@des, hee looked as though hee would not have eat any thing when his maister offerd him some bread, hee refused it, saying his sinnes deserved a greater penance then one dayes fast in a whole weeke his maister commended him for it, and bid him take heed that he did not dissemble for if he did, it would at last be knowne then were I worse
[ GS_aligned] ####################### king, queene, and all the company laughed to see with what shame this gentleman indured the sight of his greasie sweetheart but the gentleman went away discontented. This done Fryer Bacon tooke his leave of the King and Queene, and received from them divers gifts as well as thankes for his art he shewed them. How Fryer Bacon deceived his Man, that would fast for his conscience sake. FRYER BACON had one onely man to attend on him and he too was none of the wisest, for he kept him in charity, more then for any service he had of him. This man of his named Miles never could indure to fast as other religious persons did, for alwayes hee had in one corner, or another, flesh which hee would eate when his maister eat bread only, or else did fast and abstain@e from all things. Fryer Bacon seeing this, thought at one time or other to be even with him, which he did one Fryday in this manner, Miles on the Thursday night had provi-ded a great blacke-pudding for his Frydayes fast this pudding put he in his pocket thinking belike to heate it so, for his maister had no fire on those dayes on the next day, who was so demure as Miles, hee looked as though hee would not have eat any thing when his maister offerd him some bread, hee refused it, saying his sinnes deserved a greater penance then one dayes fast in a whole weeke his maister commended him for it, and bid him take heed that he did not dissemble for if he did, it would at last be knowne then were I worse