[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 213 men to rowe in them, as great ships to brooke the sea, only with one man to steere them, and they shaU sayle far more swiftly than if they were fuU of men also chariots that shaU move with an unspeakable force, without any living creature to stirre them. Likewise, an instrument may be made to fly withall, if one sit in the midst of the instrument, and doe turne an engine, by which the wings being artificially composed, may beat ayre after the manner of a flying bird. By an instrument of three fingers high, and three fingers broad, a man may rid himself and others from aU imprisonment yea, such an instrument may easdy be made, whereby a man may violently draw unto him a thousand men, wdl they, mil they, or any other thing. By art also an instrument may bee made, where with men may walke in the bot tome of the sea or rivers without bodily danger this Alexander the Great used as the ethnick philosopher reporteth to the end he might behold the secrets of the seas. But physicaU figurations are farre more strange for by that may be framed perspects and looking glasses, that one thing shaU appeare to be many, as one man shall appeare to be a whole army, and one sunne or moone shaU seem divers. Also perspects may be so framed, that things farre off shall fern most nigh unto us with one of these did Iulius Ca?sar from the sea coasts in France marke and observe the situa tion of the castles in England. Bodies may also be so framed that the greatest things shaU appeare to be the least, the highest lowest, the most secret to bee the most manifest, and in such Hke sort the contrary. Thus
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 213 men to rowe in them, as great ships to brooke the sea, only with one man to steere them, and they sha@U sayle far more swiftly than if they were fu@U of men also chariots that sha@U move with an unspeakable force, without any living creature to stirre them. Likewise, an instrument may be made to fly withall, if one sit in the midst of the instrument, and doe turne an engine, by which the wings being artificially composed, may beat ayre after the manner of a flying bird. By an instrument of three fingers high, and three fingers broad, a man may rid himself and others from a@U imprisonment yea, such an instrument may eas@dy be made, whereby a man may violently draw unto him a thousand men, w@dl they, mi@l they, or any other thing. By art also an instrument may bee made, where with men may walke in the bot tome of the sea or rivers without bodily danger this Alexander the Great used as the ethnick philosopher reporteth to the end he might behold the secrets of the seas. But physica@U figurations are farre more strange for by that may be framed perspects and looking glasses, that one thing sha@U appeare to be many, as one man shall appeare to be a whole army, and one sunne or moone sha@U seem divers. Also perspects may be so framed, that things farre off shall fern most nigh unto us with one of these did Iulius Ca?sar from the sea coasts in France marke and observe the situa tion of the castles in England. Bodies may also be so framed that the greatest things sha@U appeare to be the least, the highest lowest, the most secret to bee the most manifest, and in such @Hke sort the contrary. Thus
[ GS_aligned] ####################### to rowe in them, as great ships to brooke the sea, only with one man to steere them, and they shall sayle far more swiftly than if they were full of men also chariots that shall move with an unspeakable force, without any living creature to stirre them. Likewise, an instrument may be made to fly withall, if one sit in the midst of the instrument, and doe turne an engine, by which the wings being artificially composed, may beat ayre after the manner of a flying bird. By an instrument of three fingers high, and three fingers broad, a man may rid himself and others from all imprisonment yea, such an instrument may easily be made, whereby a man may violently draw unto him a thousand men, will they, nill they, or any other thing. By art also an instrument may bee made, where with men may walke in the bot-tome of the sea or rivers without bodily danger this Alexander the Great used as the ethnick philosopher reporteth to the end he might behold the secrets of the seas. But physicall figurations are farre more strange for by that may be framed perspects and looking-glasses, that one thing shall appeare to be many, as one man shall appeare to be a whole army, and one sunne or moone shall seem divers. Also perspects may be so framed, that things farre off shall seem most nigh unto us with one of these did Iulius Caesar from the sea coasts in France marke and observe the situa-tion of the castles in England. Bodies may also be so framed that the greatest things shall appeare to be the least, the highest lowest, the most secret to bee the most manifest, and in such like sort the contrary. Thus