[OCR_toInput] 214 THE FAMOUS HISTORY did Socrates perceive, that the dragon which did destroy the citie and countrey adioyning, with his noisome breath, and contagious influence, did lurkein the dennes between the mountaines and thus may aU things that are done in cities or armies be discovered by the ene mies. Againe, in such wise may bodies be framed, that venemous and infectious influences may be brought whither a man will in this did Aristotle instruct Alex ander through which instruction the poyson of a basdiske, being lift up upon the wall of a citie, the poison was convayd into the citie, to the destruction thereof also perspects may be made to deceive the sight, as to make a man beleeve that hee seeth great store of riches, when that there is not any. But it ap pertaineth to a higher power of figuration, that beams should be brought and assembled by divers flexions and reflexions in any distance that we wdl, to burne any thing that is opposite unto it, as it is witnessed by those perspects or glasses that burne before and behinde but the greatest and chiefest of aU figurations andthings figured, is to describe the heavenly bodies, according to their length and breadth in a corporaU figure, wherein they may corporally move with a daily motion. These things a e worth a kingdom to a wise man. These may suffise, my royall lord, to shew what art can doe and these, with many things more, as strange, I am able by art to performe. Then take no thought for winning this towne, for by my art you shall ere many dayes be past have your desire.
[OCR_aligned] 214 THE FAMOUS HISTORY did Socrates perceive, that the dragon which did destroy the citie and countrey adioyning, with his noisome breath, and contagious influence, did lurke@in the dennes between the mountaines and thus may a@U things that are done in cities or armies be discovered by the ene mies. Againe, in such wise may bodies be framed, that venemous and infectious influences may be brought whither a man will in this did Aristotle instruct Alex ander through which instruction the poyson of a bas@diske, being lift up upon the wall of a citie, the poison was convayd into the citie, to the destruction thereof also perspects may be made to deceive the sight, as to make a man beleeve that hee seeth great store of riches, when that there is not any. But it ap pertaineth to a higher power of figuration, that beams should be brought and assembled by divers flexions and reflexions in any distance that we w@dl, to burne any thing that is opposite unto it, as it is witnessed by those perspects or glasses that burne before and behinde but the greatest and chiefest of a@U figurations andthings figured, is to describe the heavenly bodies, according to their length and breadth in a corpora@U figure, wherein they may corporally move with a daily motion. These things a e worth a kingdom to a wise man. These may suffise, my royall lord, to shew what art can doe and these, with many things more, as strange, I am able by art to performe. Then take no thought for winning this towne, for by my art you shall ere many dayes be past have your desire.
[ GS_aligned] ########################## Socrates perceive, that the dragon which did destroy the citie and countrey adioyning, with his noisome breath, and contagious influence, did lurke in the dennes between the mountaines and thus may all things that are done in cities or armies be discovered by the ene-mies. Againe, in such wise may bodies be framed, that venemous and infectious influences may be brought whither a man will in this did Aristotle instruct Alex-ander through which instruction the poyson of a basiliske, being lift up upon the wall of a citie, the poison was convayd into the citie, to the destruction thereof also perspects may be made to deceive the sight, as to make a man beleeve that hee seeth great store of riches, when that there is not any. But it ap-pertaineth to a higher power of figuration, that beams should be brought and assembled by divers flexions and reflexions in any distance that we will, to burne any thing that is opposite unto it, as it is witnessed by those perspects or glasses that burne before and behinde but the greatest and chiefest of all figurations andthings figured, is to describe the heavenly bodies, according to their length and breadth in a corporall figure, wherein they may corporally move with a daily motion. These things are worth a kingdom to a wise man. These may suffise, my royall lord, to shew what art can doe and these, with many things more, as strange, I am able by art to performe. Then take no thought for winning this towne, for by my art you shall ere many dayes be past have your desire.