[OCR_toInput] 216 THE FAMOUS HISTORY houses only by his mathematicall glasses, which made the whole towne in an uprore, for none did know how it came whdest that they were quenching of the same Fryer Bacon did wave his flagge upon which signall given, the king set upon the towne, and tooke it with little or no resistance. Thus through the art of this learned man the king got this strong towne, which hee could not doe with aU his men without Fryer Bacons helpe. How Fryer Bacon over-came the German coniurer Van-dermast, and made a spirit of his owne carry him into Germany. The king of England after hee had taken the town shewed great mercy to the inhabitants, giving some of them their lives freely, and others he set at Hberty for their gold the towne hee kept at his owne, and swore the chiefe citizens to be his true subiects. Presently after the king of France sent an ambassadour to the king of England for to intreat a peace betweene them. This ambassadour being come to the king, he feasted him as it is the manner of princes to doe and with the best sports as he had then, welcomed him. The ambas sadour seeing the king of England so free in his love, desired likewise to give him some taste of his good liking, and to that intent sent for one of his feUowes being a Germane, and named Vandermast a famous coniurer, who being come, hee told the king, that since his grace had been so bountiful in his love to him, he
[OCR_aligned] 216 THE FAMOUS HISTORY houses only by his mathematicall glasses, which made the whole towne in an uprore, for none did know how it came wh@dest that they were quenching of the same Fryer Bacon did wave his flagge upon which signall given, the king set upon the towne, and tooke it with little or no resistance. Thus through the art of this learned man the king got this strong towne, which hee could not doe with a@U his men without Fryer Bacons helpe. How Fryer Bacon over-came the German coniurer Van-dermast, and made a spirit of his owne carry him into Germany. The king of England after hee had taken the town shewed great mercy to the inhabitants, giving some of them their lives freely, and others he set at @Hberty for their gold the towne hee kept at his owne, and swore the chiefe citizens to be his true subiects. Presently after the king of France sent an ambassadour to the king of England for to intreat a peace betweene them. This ambassadour being come to the king, he feasted him as it is the manner of princes to doe and with the best sports as he had then, welcomed him. The ambas sadour seeing the king of England so free in his love, desired likewise to give him some taste of his good liking, and to that intent sent for one of his fe@Uowes being a Germane, and named Vandermast a famous coniurer, who being come, hee told the king, that since his grace had been so bountiful in his love to him, he
[ GS_aligned] ############################# only by his mathematicall glasses, which made the whole towne in an uprore, for none did know how it came whilest that they were quenching of the same Fryer Bacon did wave his flagge upon which signall given, the king set upon the towne, and tooke it with little or no resistance. Thus through the art of this learned man the king got this strong towne, which hee could not doe with all his men without Fryer Bacons helpe. How Fryer Bacon over-came the German coniurer Van-dermast, and made a spirit of his owne carry him into Germany. THE king of England after hee had taken the town shewed great mercy to the inhabitants, giving some of them their lives freely, and others he set at liberty for their gold the towne hee kept at his owne, and swore the chiefe citizens to be his true subiects. Presently after the king of France sent an ambassadour to the king of England for to intreat a peace betweene them. This ambassadour being come to the king, he feasted him as it is the manner of princes to doe and with the best sports as he had then, welcomed him. The ambas-sadour seeing the king of England so free in his love, desired likewise to give him some taste of his good liking, and to that intent sent for one of his fellowes being a Germane, and named Vandermast a famous coniurer, who being come, hee told the king, that since his grace had been so bountiful in his love to him, he