[OCR_toInput] 218 THE FAMOUS HISTORY come and slaine by Caesar then vanished they both away. My lord ambassadour said the king me thinks that my Englishman has put down your German hath he no better cunning than this ? Tes, answered Vandermast, your grace shaU see me put downe your Englishman ere that you goe from hence and therefore Fryer pre pare thy selfe with thy best of art to withstand me. Alas, said Fryer Bacon, it is a little thing wiU serve to resist thee in this kind. I have here one that is my in ferior shewing him Fryer Bungey try thy art with him and if thou doe put him to the worst, then will I deale with thee, and not till then. Fryer Bungey then began to shew his art and after some turning and looking in his booke, he brought up among them the Hysperian Tree, which did beare golden apples these apples were kept by a waking dragon, that lay under the tree He having done this, bid Van dermast finde one that durst gather the fruit. Then Vandermast did raise the ghost of Hercules in his habit that he wore when that he was living, and with his club on his shoulder Here is one, said Vandermast, that shall gather fruit from this tree this is Hercules, that in his life time gathered of this fruit, and made the dragon crouch and now againe shaU hee gather it in spight of all opposition. As Hercules was going to plucke the fruit, Fryer Bacon held up his wand, at which Hercules stayed and seemed fearful. Vandermast bid him for to gather of the fruit, or else he would torment
[OCR_aligned] 218 THE FAMOUS HISTORY come and slaine by Caesar then vanished they both away. My lord ambassadour said the king me thinks that my Englishman has put down your German hath he no better cunning than this ? Tes, answered Vandermast, your grace sha@U see me put downe your Englishman ere that you goe from hence and therefore Fryer pre pare thy selfe with thy best of art to withstand me. Alas, said Fryer Bacon, it is a little thing wi@U serve to resist thee in this kind. I have here one that is my in ferior shewing him Fryer Bungey try thy art with him and if thou doe put him to the worst, then will I deale with thee, and not till then. Fryer Bungey then began to shew his art and after some turning and looking in his booke, he brought up among them the Hysperian Tree, which did beare golden apples these apples were kept by a waking dragon, that lay under the tree He having done this, bid Van dermast finde one that durst gather the fruit. Then Vandermast did raise the ghost of Hercules in his habit that he wore when that he was living, and with his club on his shoulder Here is one, said Vandermast, that shall gather fruit from this tree this is Hercules, that in his life time gathered of this fruit, and made the dragon crouch and now againe sha@U hee gather it in spight of all opposition. As Hercules was going to plucke the fruit, Fryer Bacon held up his wand, at which Hercules stayed and seemed fearful. Vandermast bid him for to gather of the fruit, or else he would torment
[ GS_aligned] ########################### and slaine by Caesar then vanished they both away. My lord ambassadour said the king me thinks that my Englishman has put down your German hath he no better cunning than this ? Yes, answered Vandermast, your grace shall see me put downe your Englishman ere that you goe from hence and therefore Fryer pre-pare thy selfe with thy best of art to withstand me. Alas, said Fryer Bacon, it is a little thing will serve to resist thee in this kind. I have here one that is my in-ferior shewing him Fryer Bungey try thy art with him and if thou doe put him to the worst, then will I deale with thee, and not till then. Fryer Bungey then began to shew his art and after some turning and looking in his booke, he brought up among them the Hysperian Tree, which did beare golden apples these apples were kept by a waking dragon, that lay under the tree He having done this, bid Van-dermast finde one that durst gather the fruit. Then Vandermast did raise the ghost of Hercules in his habit that he wore when that he was living, and with his club on his shoulder Here is one, said Vandermast, that shall gather fruit from this tree this is Hercules, that in his life time gathered of this fruit, and made the dragon crouch and now againe shall hee gather it in spight of all opposition. As Hercules was going to plucke the fruit, Fryer Bacon held up his wand, at which Hercules stayed and seemed fearful. Vandermast bid him for to gather of the fruit, or else he would torment