[OCR_toInput] THE PRINCESS OF ELIS. *«*✓ beauty. Never was her face adorn’d with more lively colours, nor her eyes arm’d with more quick and pierc ing lhafts. The sweetness of her voice fhew’d itself in a perfectly charming tune which (he deign’d to sing, and the wonderful founds which (he form’d went to the very bottom of my soul, and held all my fenses in an irre coverable rapture. She afterwards difcover’d a disposition altogether divine; and her lovely feet upon the enamel of the tender tars, traced such amiable characters as put me quite beside myself, and ty’d me by invincible bonds to the easy and just motion with which her whole body follow’d the changes of the harmony. In Ihort, never did soul feel more strong emotions than mine, and I thought above twenty times to break my resolution, and to cast myself at her feet, and confess sincerely the ar dor I felt for her- Moron. If you’d take my advice, my lord, you’d be very cautious how you do that. You have hit upon the best method in the world, and I’m mightily deceiv ed if it don’t lucceed. Women are animals of a whimsi cal nature, we spoil them by our tenderness; and I. really believe we (hou’d see them hunt us, were it not for the respect and submissions whereby men make ’em proud. Arbates. My lord, here conies the princess, at some distance from her train. Moron. Be firm in the way you have taken; I’ll go. fee what (he’ll (ay to me, mean time walk you in these little turnings, without (hewing any desire of joining her, and if you do accost her, stay as little with her as you can. Vol. V. K
[OCR_aligned] @THE PRINCESS OF ELIS. *«*✓ beauty. Never was her face adorn’d with more lively colours, nor her eyes arm’d with more quick and pierc@ ing lhafts. The sweetness of her voice fhew’d itself in a perfectly charming tune which (he deign’d to sing, and the wonderful founds which (he form’d went to the very bottom of my soul, and held all my fenses in an irre@ coverable rapture. She afterwards difcover’d a disposition altogether divine@; and her lovely feet upon the enamel of the tender tars, traced such amiable characters as put me quite beside myself, and ty’d me by invincible bonds to the easy and just motion with which her whole body follow’d the changes of the harmony. In Ihort, never did soul feel more strong emotions than mine, and I thought above twenty times to break my resolution, and to cast myself at her feet, and confess sincerely the ar@ dor I felt for her- Moron. If you’d take my advice, my lord, you’d be very cautious how you do that. You have hit upon the best method in the world, and I’m mightily deceiv@ ed if it don’t lucceed. Women are animals of a whim@si cal nature, we spoil them by our tenderness@; and I. really believe we (hou’d see them hunt us, were it not for the respect and submissions whereby men make ’em proud. Arbates. My lord, here conies the princess, at some distance from her train. Moron. Be firm in the way you have taken@; I’ll go. fee what (he’ll (ay to me, mean time walk you in these little turnings, without (hewing any desire of joining her, and if you do accost her, stay as little with her as you can. Vol. V. K
[ GS_aligned]  THE PRINCESS OF ELIS. @217 beauty. Never was her face adorn'd with more lively colours, nor her eyes arm'd with more quick and pierc- ing sha@ s. The sweetness of her voice shew'd itself in a perfectly charming tune which she deign'd to ffng, and the wonderful sounds which she form'd went to the very bottom of my foul, and held all my senses in an irre- coverable rapture. She afterwards discover'd a dispofftion altogether divine ; and her lovely feet upon the enamel of the tender turf, traced such amiable characters as put me quite beffde myself, and ty'd me by invincible bonds to the easy and just motion with which her whole body follow'd the changes of the harmony. In short, never did soul feel more strong emotions than mine, and I thought above twenty times to break my resolution, and to cast myself at her feet, and confess ffncerely the ar- dor I felt for her. Moron. If you'd take my advice, my lord, you'd be very cautious how you do that. You have hit upon the best method in the world, and I'm mightily deceiv- ed if it don't succeed. Women are animals of a whimff- cal nature, we spoil them by our tenderness ; and I@ really believe we shou'd see them hunt us, were it not for the respect and submissions whereby men make 'em proud. Arbates. My lord, here co@mes the princess, at some distance from her train. Moron. Be firm in the way you have taken ; I'll go@ see what she'll say to me, mean time walk you in these little turnings, without shewing any deffre of joining her, and if you do accost her, stay as little with her as you can. VOL. V. K