[OCR_toInput] J 4* M E L I C E R T A; Eroxena, Does my soul make an impreillon upon my ryes ? Daphne. Myrtillo is offer’d to my view in this work. Eroxena. I find Myrtillo’s image in these lines. Daphne. ’Tis young Myrtillo that kindles my flame. Eroxena. ’Tis to young Myrtillo that all my wilhes tend. Daphne. I came now to yon to desire you to tell him the cares his merit inspires me with. ' Eroxena. I came to get you to serve my ardor in the design I have- of securing his heart to myself. Daphne. Is this ardor which inlpires you, so power ful? Eroxena. Do you love with so violent a love? Daphne. There is no coldness but what he is able to enflame; and his growing beauties have wherewithal to charm every one. Eroxena. There is no nymph but what might esteem herself happy in loving him, and Diana might be en- amour’d with him without soame. Daphne. Nothing but his charming air now touches me; and if I had a hundred hearts they stiou’d all be his. Eroxena. He effaces all things else that I can fee; and if I had a scepter, he (hou'd be master of it. Daphne. Then ’twou’d be in vain for any body to endeavour to wrest this love from our breasts. Our souls are too well confirm’d in their wilhes; let us truly en deavour, if possible, to remain friends; and since at the fame time, for the fame cause, we both form’d the fame project, let us use freedom in this debate, take no base advantage of each other, and let us run and open ourselves
[OCR_aligned] J 4* M E L I C E R T @A; Eroxena, Does my soul make an impreillon upon my ryes ? Daphne. Myrtillo is offer’d to my view in this work. Eroxena. I find Myrtillo’s image in these lines. Daphne. ’Tis young Myrtillo that kindles my flame. Eroxena. ’Tis to young Myrtillo that all my wilhes tend. Daphne. I came now to yon to desire you to tell him the cares his merit inspires me with. ' Eroxena. I came to get you to serve my ardor in the design I have- of securing his heart to myself. Daphne. Is this ardor which inlpires you, so power@ ful@? Eroxena. Do you love with so violent a love@? Daphne. There is no coldness but what he is able to enflame@; and his growing beauties have wherewithal to charm every one. Eroxena. There is no nymph but what might esteem herself happy in loving him, and Diana might be en- amour’d with him without soame. Daphne. Nothing but his charming air now touches me@; and if I had a hundred hearts they stiou’d all be his. Eroxena. He effaces all things else that I can fee@; and if I had a scepter, he (hou'd be master of it. Daphne. Then ’twou’d be in vain for any body to endeavour to wrest this love from our breasts. Our souls are too well confirm’d in their wilhes@; let us truly en@ deavour, if possible, to remain friends@; and since at the fame time, for the fame cause, we both form’d the fame project, let us use freedom in this debate, take no base advantage of each other, and let us run and open ourselves
[ GS_aligned] @@@@ M@E@L@I@C@ERTA. 148 Eroxena. Does my soul make an impression upon my eyes ? Daphne. Myrtillo is offer'd to my view in this work. Eroxena. I find Myrtillo's image in these lines. Daphne. 'Tis young Myrtillo that kindles my flame. Eroxena. 'Tis to young Myrtillo that all my wishes tend. Daphne. I came now to you to deffre you to tell him the cares his merit inspires me with.@@ Eroxena. I came to get you to serve my ardor in the deffgn I have@ of securing his heart to myself. Daphne. Is this ardor which inspires you, so power- ful ? Eroxena. Do you love with so violent a love ? Daphne. There is no coldness but what he is able to enflame ; and his growing beauties have wherewithal to charm every one. Eroxena. There is no nymph but what might esteem herself happy in loving him, and Diana might be en- amour'd with him without shame. Daphne. Nothing but his charming air now touches me ; and if I had a hundred hearts they s@hou'd all be his. Eroxena. He effaces all things else that I can see ; and if I had a scepter, he shou'd be master of it. Daphne. Then 'twou'd be in vain for any body to endeavour to wrest this love from our breasts. Our souls are too well confirm'd in their wishes ; let us truly en- deavour, if possible, to remain friends ; and ffnce at the same time, for the same cause, we both form'd the same project, let us use freedom in this debate, take no base advantage of each other, and let us run and open ourselves