[OCR_toInput] j ^8 Remar\r on Des-CartesT Part.II. Contiguous to this, it were impossible to ap prehend a boundless Corporeal Space within its total Continent: By reason that uncircum- scrib’d Space cannot be the Receptacle of Ma terial Substance 5 because whatever includes Body must have commensurable Attributes, or such as, in a Geometrical Sense, may be defin’d a Superficies terminated by Length and Breadth: Which demonstrably profligates his pretended Idea of Indefinite Space or Ex tension. So little is, in this Cafe, the Do ctrine of Nature beholding to the Philosophy of Des-Cartes. His next Conception, produe’d by his fruit ful Idea, is, That Heaven and Earth are of one and the fame Matter, and that there is no possible Being of more than one World. The first of this Head he no otherwise proves, than as he takes it for granted, That at there were Infinite, or Innumerable Worlds, they would be all of the fame Matter 5 where fore he concludes there can be bur One. The Objection that may be made against his Affirmation, that the Matter of Heaven and Earth is the fame; is, because Heaven can be no otherwise understood than as it has a Select and Primary Distinction from all Bodies of Elementary
[OCR_aligned] j ^8 Remar\r on Des-Cartes@T Part.II. Contiguous to this, it were impossible to ap@ prehend a boundless Corporeal Space within its total Continent@: By reason that uncircum- scrib’d Space cannot be the Receptacle of Ma@ terial Substance 5 because whatever includes Body must have commensurable Attributes, or such as, in a Geometrical Sense, may be defin’d a Superficies terminated by Length and Breadth: Which demonstrably profligates his pretended Idea of Indefinite Space or Ex@ tension. So little is, in this Cafe, the Do@ ctrine of Nature beholding to the Philosophy of Des-Cartes. His next Conception, produe’d by his fruit@ ful Idea, is, That Heaven and Earth are of one and the fame Matter, and that there is no possible Being of more than one World. The first of this Head he no otherwise proves, than as he takes it for granted, That at there were Infinite, or Innumerable Worlds, they would be all of the fame Matter 5 where@ fore he concludes there can be bur One. The Objection that may be made against his Affirmation, that the Matter of Heaven and Earth is the fame; is, because Heaven can be no otherwise understood than as it has a Select and Primary Distinction from all Bodies of Elementary
[ GS_aligned]  138 Remarks on Des-Cartes's Part.II. Contiguous to this, it were impo@@ble to ap‑ prehend a boundless Corporeal Space within its total Continent : By reason that uncircum‑ scrib’d Space cannot be the Receptacle of Ma‑ terial Substance ; because whatever includes Body must have commensurable Attributes, or such as, in a Geometrical Sense, may be de@ﬁn’d a Super@ﬁcies terminated by Length and Breadth: Which demonstrably pro@ﬂigates his pretended Idea of Inde@ﬁnite Space or Ex‑ tenffon. So little is, in this Case, the Do‑ ctrine of Nature beholding to the Philosophy of Des‑Cartes. His next Conception, produc’d by his fruit‑ ful Idea, is, That Heaven and Earth are of one and the same Matter, and that there is no po@@ble Being of more than one World. The @ﬁrst of this Head he no otherwise proves, than as he takes it for granted, That if there were In@ﬁnite, or Innumerable Worlds, they would be all of the same Matter@; where‑ fore he concludes there can be bu  One. The Objection that may be made against his A@@ﬃrmation, that the Matter of Heaven and Earth is the same; is, because Heaven can be no otherwise understood than as it has a Select and Primary Distinction from all Bodies of Elementary