[OCR_toInput] 5 2 The Life of Abraham Wood. lings and fix Pence. So, (reply’d the Parson) he’s talking of Money already as the Man laid. Why indeed (quoth the Butcher) ’cis a noble LoynofVeal, and really worth the Money. Pho (laid the Parso n) I’m not come to talk to you a- bout Veal, but about your Soul’s good. D—me, reply’d the other, don’t tell me of my Soul, but pay me for my Meat by G—-d I will be paid for my Veal before you and I part. The Butcher swearing and staring at this rate, frighten’d the Parson, who nevertheless said he would not pay for that which he had not. Why (quoth the Butcher') your Man had it, that was all one. The Parson laid he had no Mm; and telling him up on what Account he, whom he took for his Man, came to him, he began to swear and curse ten times worse than he did before, at his Wife, cry- 0 you bloody, religious 8 -ch, did you send the Son of a Whore to bid this Parson take care of my Soul ? She answered, No, my Dear, not I, 1 vow and protest I know nothing of the Matter, and never saw the Fellow in my Life before. Well, reply’d the Butcher, I know not how it is among you all, but I have lost my Loyn of Veal among you, for which L have refused seven Shil lings several times to Day. Nor would the But cher be iatisfied about it, till he went home with the Parson to his House, to see whether or no he had such a Man lime with him as Wood, who without donbt had made two or three good Meals on the Joint of Meat before Night, lor he had as good a Stomach as Jack Rmfi-US Tapster, at the Georgc-ltm, near Liicoln’s-Init-F>elds Play-House, who very lately eat a whole Shoulder of Mutton • for Supper, and two Pounds of Beef-Steaks after it, besides Bread, and no small quantity of Drink. At
[OCR_aligned] @@5 @2 The Life of Abraham Wood. lings and fix Pence. So, (reply’d the Parson) he’s talking of Money already as the Man laid. Why indeed (quoth the Butcher) ’cis a noble Loyn@of@Veal, and really worth the Money. Pho (laid the Parso n) I’m not come to talk to you a- bout Veal, but about your Soul’s good. D@@—me, reply’d the other, don’t tell me of my Soul, but pay me for my Meat@@ by G—-d I will be paid for my Veal before you and I part. The Butcher swearing and staring at this rate, frighten’d the Parson, who nevertheless said he would not pay for that which he had not. Why (quoth the Butcher') your Man had it, that was all one. The Parson laid he had no M@@m; and telling him up@ on what Account he, whom he took for his Man, came to him, he began to swear and curse ten times worse than he did before, at his Wife, cry- 0 you bloody, religious 8 -ch, did you send the Son of a Whore to bid this Parson take care of my Soul ? She answered, No, my Dear, not I, 1 vow and protest I know nothing of the Matter, and never saw the Fellow in my Life before. Well, reply’d the Butcher, I know not how it is among you all, but I have lost my Loyn of Veal among you, for which L have refused seven Shil@ lings several times to Day. Nor would the But@ cher be iatisfied about it, till he went home with the Parson to his House, to see whether or no he had such a Man l@@ime with him as Wood, who without donbt had made two or three good Meals on the Joint of Meat before Night, lor he had as good a Stomach as Jack @Rmfi@@-US Tapster, at the Georgc-ltm, near Liicoln’s-Init-F>elds Play-House, who very lately eat a whole Shoulder of Mutton • for Supper, and two Pounds of Beef-Steaks after it, besides Bread, and no small quantity of Drink. At
[ GS_aligned]  At 32 The Life of Abraham Wood. lings and ffx Pence. So, (reply'd the Parson) he's talking of Money already as the Man said. Why indeed (quoth the Butcher) 'tis a noble Loyn of Veal, and really worth the Money. Pho (said the Parso@n) I'm not come to talk to you a- bout Veal, but about your Soul's good. D---me, reply'd the other, don't tell me of my Soul, but pay me for my Meat ; by G@ d I will be paid for my Veal before you and I part. The Butcher swearing and staring at this rate, frighten'd the Parson, who nevertheless said he would not pay for that which he had not. Why (quoth the Butcher@) your Man had it, that was all one. The Parson said he had no Man ; and telling him up‐ on what Account he, whom he took for his Man, came to him, he began to swear and curse ten times worse than he did before, at his Wife, cry- O you bloody, religious B @ch, did you send the Son of a Whore to bid this Parson take care of my Soul ? She answered, No, my Dear, not I, I vow and protest I know nothing of the Matter, and never saw the Fellow in my Life before. Well, reply'd the Butcher, I know not how it is among you all, but I have lost my Loyn of Veal among you, for which I have refused seven Shil‐ lings several times to Day. Nor would the But‐ cher be satisfied about it, till he went home with the Parson to his House, to see whether or no he had such a Man living with him as Wood, who without doubt had made two or three good Meals on the Joint of Meat before Night, for he had as good a Stomach as Jack Banfield's Tapster, at the George-Inn, near Lincoln's-In@n-Fields Play-House, who very lately eat a whole Shoulder of Mutton@@ for Supper, and two Pounds of Beef-Steaks after it, beffdes Bread, and no small quantity of Drink.@@@