[OCR_toInput] THE PRINCESS OF ELIS. toi iag it a secret ? Yon love this illustrious princess you fay; and come to signalize yourself before her; and have nei ther looks, words, or sighs, yet inform’d her of your flame? For my part, I can’t understand the policy which won't suffer you to explain your heart, nor do I know what fruit can be expected by a passion which avoids all ways of discovering itself. Euriaius. And what should I do, Arbates, by declar ing my pain, but draw on me the disdain of her haughty foul, and bring myself into the condition of those sub missive princes, whose title of lovers makes her look on- them as enemies? You see the sovereigns of Messene and Pylos pay the homage of their hearts to her in: vain, whilst the high some of their virtue's is in vain -assisted by the most assiduous respects. This repulse of their services, makes me silently conceal the violence of my love. I estetrn myself as condemn’d in these fa mous rivals, and I read my own sentence in die con tempt (he (hews of them, . Arbates. And his in this contempt and this haughty hnmour that the passion of your soul ought to place its brightest hopes, since fortune presents to you a heart to conquer, which is only defended by a mere coldness, and does notoppefe to your ardor the invincible tender ness of any engagement. A prepossessed heart resists powerfully, but where a foul is free it is easily overcome, and there only wants a little patience to triumph over all the pride of her indifference: Conceal no longer from her then the power of her eyes, make a glorious dis covery of your flame, and far from trembling at the ex ample of others, (well the hope of your addresses with: the repulse of theirs. Perhaps you mav have the secret of touching this rigid charmer, which these princes have
[OCR_aligned] @@@@@THE PRINCESS OF ELIS. toi iag it a secret ? Yon love this illustrious princess you fay@; and come to signalize yourself before her@; and have nei@ ther looks, words, or sighs, yet inform’d her of your flame@? For my part, I can’t understand the policy which won't suffer you to explain your heart, nor do I know what fruit can be expected by a passion which avoids all ways of discovering itself. Euriaius. And what should I do, Arbates, by declar@ ing my pain, but draw on me the disdain of her haughty foul, and bring myself into the condition of those sub@ missive princes, whose@ title of lovers makes her look on- them as enemies@? You see the sovereigns of Messene and Pylos pay the homage of their hearts to her in: vain, whilst the high some of their virtue's is in vain -assisted by the most assiduous respects. This repulse of their services, makes me silently conceal the violence of my love. I estetrn myself as condemn’d in these fa@ mous rivals, and I read my own sentence in die con@ tempt (he (hews of them, . Arbates. And @his in this contempt and this haughty hnmour that the passion of your soul ought to place its brightest hopes, since fortune presents to you a heart to conquer, which is only defended by a mere coldness, and does not@oppefe to your ardor the invincible tender@ ness of any engagement. A prepossessed heart resists powerfully, but where a foul is free it is easily overcome, and there only wants a little patience to triumph over all the pride of her indifference@: Conceal no longer from her then the power of her eyes, make a glorious dis@ covery of your flame, and far from trembling at the ex@ ample of others, (well the hope of your addresses with: the repulse of theirs. Perhaps you mav have the secret of touching this rigid charmer, which these princes have
[ GS_aligned]  202 THE PRINCESS OF ELIS.@@@@ ing it a secret ? You love this illustrious princess you say ; and come to ffgnalize yourself before her ; and have nei- ther looks, words, or ffghs, yet inform'd her of your flame ? For my part, I can't understand the policy which won't suffer you to explain your heart, nor do I know what fruit can be expected by a passion which avoids all ways of discovering itself. Eurialus. And what should I do, Arbates, by declar- ing my pain, but draw on me the disdain of her haughty soul, and bring myself into the condition of those sub- missive princes, whose, title of lovers makes her look on@ them as enemies ? You see the sovereigns of Messene and Pylos pay the homage of their hearts to her in@ vain, whilst the high fame of their virtue@s is in vain @@   sted by the most assiduous respects. This repulse of their services, makes me fflently conceal the violence of my love. I este@em myself as condemn'd in these fa- mous rivals, and I read my own sentence in the con- tempt she shews of them@@. Arbates. And 'tis in this contempt and this haughty humour that the passion of your soul ought to place its brightest hopes, ffnce fortune presents to you a heart to conquer, which is only defended by a mere coldness, and does not oppose to your ardor the invincible tender- ness of any engagement. A prepossessed heart reffsts powerfully, but where a soul is free it is eaffly overcome, and there only wants a little patience to triumph over all the pride of her indifference : Conceal no longer from her then the power of her eyes, make a glorious dis- covery of your flame, and far from trembling at the ex- ample of others, swell the hope of your addresses with@ the repulse of theirs. Perhaps you may have the secret of touching this rigid charmer, which these princes have