[OCR_toInput] 584 THE EXAMINER. Sept. 13, 1845 attack. The slaughter by the journeymen millers is effected with long spears, after blinding their victim by throwing flour in his eyes. Another programme an nounces the order of the national dances, the first of which will represent the dancers of the village of Aioz entering Pampeluna, according to ancient custom, accompanied b their dulclneas. Among the effigies is a bower, in whicL an allegory represents the two worlds doing homage at the feet of Spain! The Duke of Cadiz, eldest son of Don Francisco de Paula, is at Pampeluna, in command of a cavalry regiment, and apartments are preparing for the Infanta himself, who is ex pected. The hotel of the Count de Gondolin is fitted up for the Spanish Royal family, and that of the Count de Espeleta for the French Princes. These two residences have been furnished very handsomely in the ancient style with rich tapestries, particularly the latter, which has a gallery of portraits of the Spanish monarchs from Philip V to the present time. Apartments were prepared for Munoz, Duke of Rianzares, in the house of Senor Cariguiri, banker, and deputy to the Cortes for this city, but it is very doubtful if he will come, as his equivocal position would create great awkwardness in his relations with the Duke and Duchess de Nemours and the Duke d'Aumale. The Dukedom of Nemours possesses historical reminis cences for the Navarrese, Charles III, King of Navarre, surnamed the Noble who rebuilt the Cathedral now exist ing , having, in 1403, obtained this title and a pension from the French Crown in compensation for the loss of his here ditary domains in France. The arena for the bull-flights is a very substantial building, after the plan of the Roman amphitheatre, capable of containing upwards of ten thousand spectators. It was completed last year, being built on the site of an ancient monastery. The Court of Spain has made great efforts to appear with a splendour suitable to the ancient grandeur of the nation splendid services of plate and other valuable objects have been brought from Madrid, new liveries have been made for the servants, the handsomest of the Royal carriages have a'ready arrived, and the Queen's stud can boast of horses of extraordinary beauty. Among these are three Andalusian horses intended as presents for the Royal guests, the proportions of which are faultless. The Duke de San Carlos, to whom all these arrangements have been intrusted, has been indefatigable in his endeavours to complete them so as to do honour to the hospitality and taste of his Royal mistresses. On the morning of the 3rd inst. a review of a select por tion of the garrison and troops collected for the approach ing miliary evolutions, took place on the glacis outside the town. These troops, about five thousand in number, were composed of one battalion from each of the infantry regi ments, and a squadron from each of the cavalry. There were also on the ground six pieces of field artillery, each drawn by six mules, and the corresponding ammunition waggon by six others. The whole of these were in beauti ful order but what excited great admiration were twelve mountain guns, of elegant workmanship-the guns on the back of one mule, the carriages on another, and the ammu nition on a third. The whole of the troops were in very fine order, well clothed, and perfectly disciplined. The squadron of the Princesa Lancers was commanded by the Duke of Cadiz, and the whole review was under the orders of the Commandant-General of Pampeluna. Narvaez, who arrived the evening before, was present, but in plain clothes. About four o'clock on the 3rd the city bells announced the approach of the Sovereign, the Royal train having been descried at a distance of five miles. The living stream f oured out towards the French gate, where the Queen and nfanta arrived at five o'clock, and were received by the municipality and other local dignitaries. A pretty throng of children, gaily dressed, and dancing to the sound of the national music, strewed lavender and other odoriferous plants before the Royal procession several huge figures, in Moorish dresses, big enough to put Gog and Magog in their pockets, also marched in the Royal train the bands of the several regiments played the Royal march, while the shouts of the populace rent the air. Their Majesties alighted at the Palace of the Count de Gondolein. At eight o'clock at night the church bells struck up, and, in obedience to the signal, the inhabitants lit up their houses. The illumina tion was very handsome and very general, and consisted of lamps, lanterns, or huge wax tapers. During the day most of the houses had been adorned with curtains, or tapestries of brilliant colours. About nine o'clock the Royal carriages were in attendance, and conveyed their Majesties and the Infanta to the Palace of the Count of Espeleta, to inspect the preparations which had been made for the reception of their Royal relatives, the French princes. Both going and returning they were greeted with loud and hearty vivas by the people. The young Queen looked pale and fatigued with her journey, whilst her mother and sister seemed in the enjoyment of excellent health. General Harispe, com manding the Bayonne division of the French army, accom panied by Major de Bois-le-Comte and other officers of his staff, arrived at Pampeluna in the morning, from Tolosa. On the 4th of September, about three o'clock, the church bells announced the approach of the French Princes, who made their entrance half an hour afterwards. They came in two of the Royal carriages, one drawn by six horses, the other by the same number of mules, the coachmen, foot men, and outriders being attired in dark blue liveries, co vered with rich gold lace. They were escorted by a troop of Cuirassiers and another of Lancers. Their Royal High nesses were accompanied by the Countess d'Oraison, Lady of Honour to the Duchess de Nemours General Boyer, Aide-de-Camp to the Duke, and General Janin. They alighted at the Queen's Palace, and after paying their re spects to their Majesties and the Infanta, proceeded to the Espeleta Palace, which had been prepared for them. The people received their Royal Highnesses in perfect silence, and the same marked their entrance into, and departure from, the Queen's residence, and their entrance into their own, whilst the Queen of Spain could hardly pass near the windows without being greeted with a buzz of applause, which was converted into a loud burst of enthusiasm when she, accompanied by her mother and sister, and the Dukes de Nemours and Aumale, appeared on the balcony of the P.ilace. General Harispe and his staff were present at the Palace to compliment the Princes and Spanish Royal Family. The Queen and Infanta afterwards went to the Espeleta Palace, to visit their Royal cousins of France, and to invite them to dinner, on which occasion fifty persons partook of the Royal hospitality. The only Ministers pre sent were General Narvaez and Martinez de la Rosa. After dinner the Royal party appeared on the balcony to witness a national dance which was performed in the small square in front of the Palace. A fountain in the square was very prettily illuminated, and hope an inscription from ty#bity of Pampeluna to the Queen, POLITICAL. The Earl of Winchilsea has resigned the deputy-lieu-tenancies of the counties of Northampton, Kent, and Lin coln, and also the commission of the peace for the same counties. In his letters of resignation, which are copies of each other, the noble Lord says Regarding as I do the conduct of her Majesty's Ministers, in their late dismissal of Mr Watson, to be of a most arbitrary and unjust cha racter, I cannot subject myself to a similar treatment in the course which I may deem it my duty to pursue in advocating those great Protestant principles which are, in my estimation, beyond all earthly value. -The Lord Chancellor has directed a supersedeas for the commission of the peace to be prepared according to the noble Lord's wish. South Australia.-A Parliamentary paper has been issued, containing copies of the correspondence on the subject of the colonial land fund of South Australia. There are fifteen letters and despatches in the correspond ence. Several holders of special surveys in South Aus tralia complained, in August, 1844, to Lord Stanley, as Colonial Secretary, that they had purchased land under the 4th and 5th of Will. IV, c. 95, on the faith that the whole of the purchase-money would be applied to the giving a free passage to labouring emigrants, which pro mise the Government had not fulfilled. The reply was to the effect that South Australia having become insol vent, the resources of that settlement did not supply any means of sending out emigrants in respect of the pre vious purchases of land, and that no vote was taken of British funds for the purpose. The memorialists again urged their claims on Lord Stanley, remarking that, how ever, as individuals, they regretted the insolvency of the colony, their money was paid under the guarantee of an act of Parliament and trusted that his Lordship would bring their claims before Parliament. Lord Stanley, by his secretary Mr Hope, M.P. , repudiated the construc tion put on the act, and refused to make any application to Parliament. The holders again addressed his Lord-hip in January last, which called forth a reply without relief. In February another letter was sent by the hold ers of special surveys, in which the following passage ap pears - We beg to assure your Lordship we feel most honoured and fortified in the justice of our claims by the consideration that at one time you regarded them favour ably and we trust we may be excused expressing our ignorance of aught which may have occurred since to alter your views. Our patient endurance of delay, and our urging our claims at a period when the fulfilment of them would be most beneficial to all parties, we trust give us an increased demand for d favourable consideration. His Lordship merely referred, in answer, to his former letter. It seems that during the time the correspondence was pending Governor Grey recommended an advance of 2,000 . for the purposes of emigration, in consequence of the purchase of waste land, and by the concluding docu ment in the correspondence, bearing date the 7th of July last, Lord Stanley stated that, under all the circumstances, and adverting to the satisfactory progress of the land fund, the advarme of the 2,000 . would be made for the purposes of emigration. SOUTHWARK ELECTION. The nomination of the candidates for the representation of this borough in Parliament, in the room of the late Mr B. Wood, took place on Wednesday. After the usual preliminaries, and the respective nominations bv their friends of Sir William Molesworth, Mr Pilcher, and Mr Miall, the candidates severally addressed the electors. As the opinions of Sir William Molesworth, religious and political, have been grossly misrepresented by Mr Miall and his friends, we deem it only an act of justice to the hon. baronet to publish his eloquent and manly refu tation. As soon as he could obtain a hearing Sir William Molesworth said -Of the three candidates who aspire to the honour of re presenting you in Parliament, the lot has fallen upon me first to address you. I entreat a patient hearing whilst I endeavour, as briefly as I can, to explain my political nrin-ciples. If you approve of my principles, it will be your duty to elect me if you disapprove of them, it will be your duty to reject me. For nine years I sat and voted in the House of Commons as a Radical. To those principles I still ad here, and intend to adhere. Cheers. Are you for or are you against Radical principles ? Cheers. I will put the question more distinctly. Are you in favour of free trade ? Are you opposed to all protecting duties ? Would you ex tend your commerce-exchange your manufacture for the productions of every climate, so that your manufactures may flourish, and the labouring classes be prosperous and happy ? Do you desire a repeal of the corn laws ? Cheers. Do you wish for cheap food-for abundant food for our daily increasing population? According as you answer these questions, yes or no, so should you vote for or against me. For I have always been a free-trader. Cheers. I THE CHURCH. Defeat of Puseyism in St George's in the East.-After a struggle of two years by Messrs Leyenot and Bond, the churchwardens of St George's in the East, and the most influential and respectable part of the pa rishioners, the Rev. Bryan King, the rector of the parish, was, on Sunday last, compelled to announce publicly in the parish church that, in compliance with directions from his diocesan, the use of the surplice and the reading of the bidding prayer should be discontinued. Being sacra ment Sunday, the offertory sentences were read as a mat ter of course, but the parishioners were resolved, having gained so much, to insist on the whole of the innovations being abandoned. Enlargement of the Protestant Church at Bonn.-The 4 Rhenish Observer,' the only paper in the Protestant interest published in the Prussian dominions on the Rhine, informs us that Prince Albert has just sent 700 thalers, about 100 ., towards the enlargement of the Protestant church at Bonn. It seems that the number of Protestants has so much increased in that town that last Good Friday there was not room enough in the church even for those who were desirous to partake of the Lord's Supper. The liberality of the illustrious Prince was, therefore, well-timed, and will hasten the completion of a work the want of which had been felt even at the time of his Royal Highness's residence at the university of that town. Conference of Evangelical Ministers.-A pro posal having been made that a great meeting of evan gelical Christians, of different churches and countries, should be held in London, for the purpose of associating and concentrating the strength of an enlightened Protes tantism against the encroachment of Popery and Pusey ism, and to promote the interests of a scriptural Chris tianity, it has been thought desirable that a preliminary meeting of the various denominations in Great Britain and Ireland should be held and it has accordingly been decided that this preliminary oonference shall take place at Liverpool on the 1st of October. It is expected that 200 ministers will be present, and that the proceedings will occupy three days. Candidates for Holy Orders.-A short time since some of the bishops, in their places in the House of Lords, expressed their intention of allowing schoolmasters to become candidates for holy orders, without undergoing an university qualification. The Lord Bishop of London has recently been written to upon this subject, and the question put to him, whether he would or not allow schoolmasters to become candidates in his diocese ? His lordship replied by stating that, whatever other bishops might do, he should not depart from the ancient custom of requiring the candidates to have graduated at the universities of Oxford or Cambridge, have supported every measure calculated to extend the commerce and unshackle the industry of this country. As a staunch free-trader I should take my seat as your repre sentative in the House of Commons. Cheers. Again, are you in favour of religious liberty and equality ? Do you agree with me in thinking that neither the state nor society ought to interfere with the religious belief of any man-that all creeds, sects, and religions, that Protestants, Ca tholics, and Dissenters, Jews, and Christians, should be treated in every respect alike ? If you hold these opinions, then it is your duty to vote for me, for throughout the whole of my public and private career, in every thought, deed, and word, I have been true to the principles of religious liberty and equality. Again, would you do justice to Ire land? I have proved that I would by every vote that I have given on Irish affairs. I have proved it since I came into this borough. I might have avoided all the danger of the contest if I would have shrunk from the side of justice to Ireland. I was asked how I should have voted with re gard to the late grant to Maynooth. I might have evaded that question. I might have said I was not in Parliament when that measure was passed, that it was settled and gone by. I felt, however, that it was my duty to you honestly to state my opinion with regard to that grant, and I felt that, injustice to Ireland, I must have voted for it. For this de claration I have been violently assailed by one section of the Liberal party. My opinions remain unshaken, and for rea sons which I will shortly state. The great majority of the Irish nation have adhered to the religion of their fore fathers, and are still Catholics. The piety of those ances tors bequeathed vast property for the maintenance of the Catholic religion, and for the instruction of the Catholic priests. That property has been alienated, not to the uses of the state, nor for the benefit of the whole Irish nation, but to the support of a religion which seven-eighths of the people utterly disbelieve. As some slight compensation, perhaps, for this great wrong, the Irish Parliament granted a small sum of money, not to maintain the Irish priests, but to educate them, to render them fit for the performance of their duties. After the union of Great Britain and Ireland this grant was considered as a sort of contract it was con tinued from year to year it had become inadequate for its purpose and last year it was proposed to make it suffi cient. Now, I ask, could the House of Commons, with pro priety, have rejected such a proposal ? Would not the re fusal of this grant have been considered as tantamount to a declaration of hostility towards Ireland? Would it not have confirmed the assertion of the agitator, that there was no justice to be obtained from England? Would it not have lent force to the cry of repeal of the union ? I answer, it would. I am opposed to the repeal of the union-no one more so but then I say, do justice to Ireland-destroy her monster church-the reproach of England-and when you have done this, then, and not till then, refuse the small grant to Maynooth. These are, briefly, my opinions as a Radical upon them rests my only claim for your support. If you approve of them,-if you are in favour of free trade -if you desire a repeal of the corn laws-if you are friends to religious liberty and equality-if you are for the pro gressive reform of the institutions of your country-and, lastly, if you would do justice to Ireland, then give me your votes. But if, on the contrary, you are opposed to free trade-if you love the corn laws-if you would resist ex tension of suffrage, triennial Parliaments, and vote by bal lot-if you are in words only, but not in deeds, the friends of religious liberty and equality-and lastly, if you would offer a deadly insult to Ireland by proposing the rescinding of the grant to Maynooth,-then I am not the man fit to re present you I recommend you to select one or other of my antagonists. Now a few words with regard to those an tagonists. First, with regard to Mr Pilcher Mr Pilcher is a Tory. I say it with every respect, for he has as much right to his conscientious opinions as I have to mine. Our opinions are diametrically opposed. There is a fair up standing fight between us, which the poll of to-morrow will decide in my favour. But it is not merely on political grounds that Mr Pilcher claims your support. He lays claim to it on account of the local good he will do to the borough. In this respect Mr Pilcher far outbids me. I can only promise to attend to your parliamentary business. In deed, it would be contrary to my principles. It would seem to me to be a species of corruption to attempt to bias your votes by any promises of pecuniary benefit to yourselves, either individually or collectively. Magnificent are the promises which Mr Pilcher is reported to have made. He is reported to have said that he would maintain all the hos pitals, support all the dispensaries, and contribute to all the charities wiih which this borough abounds-that he would cleanse your borough of everything filthy-that he would build docks for all the steam vessels-that he would accom plish wonders with regard to the river Thames. Thus Mr Pilcher would buy you. Take care to use a popular ex pression that you are not sold. Now, a few words to the friends of Mr Miall, and to that gentlepian himself. Many amongst yo whose char a your opinior seemed to n from the be division that that our u enemy. I mised to reti give all the These offers on. Still I tween us. towards each of reason, and for that word of disre against your however, I a the first bio ground of a abuse. You opinions witl sincerity bee England yo shrink with excite religio inquisitor of ligious beliefcui the human race l was put to death Antipodes was b Persecuted as disl knees was compe able. Bacon am the doctrines of I Newton was accui covery of the law. against Franklin I Mt Priestley's I gered on aocount
[OCR_aligned] 584 THE EXAMINER. Sept. 13, 1845 attack. The slaughter by the journeymen millers is effected with long spears, after blinding their victim by throwing flour in his eyes. Another programme an@ nounces the order of the national dances, the first of which will represent the dancers of the village of Aioz entering Pampeluna, according to ancient custom, accompanied b@ their dulclneas. Among the effigies is a bower, in whicL an allegory represents the two worlds doing homage at the feet of Spain! The Duke of Cadiz, eldest son of Don Francisco de Paula, is at Pampeluna, in command of a cavalry regiment, and apartments are preparing for the Infanta himself, who is ex@ pected. The hotel of the Count de Gondolin is fitted up for the Spanish Royal family, and that of the Count de Espeleta for the French Princes. These two residences have been furnished very handsomely in the ancient style with rich tapestries, particularly the latter, which has a gallery of portraits of the Spanish monarchs from Philip V to the present time. Apartments were prepared for Munoz, Duke of Rianzares, in the house of Senor Cariguiri, banker, and deputy to the Cortes for this city, but it is very doubtful if he will come, as his equivocal position would create great awkwardness in his relations with the Duke and Duchess de Nemours and the Duke d'Aumale. The Dukedom of Nemours possesses historical reminis@ cences for the Navarrese, Charles III, King of Navarre, surnamed the Noble who rebuilt the Cathedral now exist@ ing , having, in 1403, obtained this title and a pension from the French Crown in compensation for the loss of his here@ ditary domains in France. The arena for the bull-flights is a very substantial building, after the plan of the Roman amphitheatre, capable of containing upwards of ten thousand spectators. It was completed last year, being built on the site of an ancient monastery. The Court of Spain has made great efforts to appear with a splendour suitable to the ancient grandeur of the nation splendid services of plate and other valuable objects have been brought from Madrid, new liveries have been made for the servants, the handsomest of the Royal carriages have a'ready arrived, and the Queen's stud can boast of horses of extraordinary beauty. Among these are three Andalusian horses intended as presents for the Royal guests, the proportions of which are faultless. The Duke de San Carlos, to whom all these arrangements have been intrusted, has been indefatigable in his endeavours to complete them so as to do honour to the hospitality and taste of his Royal mistresses. On the morning of the 3rd inst. a review of a select por@ tion of the garrison and troops collected for the approach@ ing miliary evolutions, took place on the glacis outside the town. These troops, about five thousand in number, were composed of one battalion from each of the infantry regi@ ments, and a squadron from each of the cavalry. There were also on the ground six pieces of field artillery, each drawn by six mules, and the corresponding ammunition waggon by six others. The whole of these were in beauti@ ful order but what excited great admiration were twelve mountain guns, of elegant workmanship-the guns on the back of one mule, the carriages on another, and the ammu@ nition on a third. The whole of the troops were in very fine order, well clothed, and perfectly disciplined. The squadron of the Princesa Lancers was commanded by the Duke of Cadiz, and the whole review was under the orders of the Commandant-General of Pampeluna. Narvaez, who arrived the evening before, was present, but in plain clothes. About four o'clock on the 3rd the city bells announced the approach of the Sovereign, the Royal train having been descried at a distance of five miles. The living stream f oured out towards the French gate, where the Queen and @nfanta arrived at five o'clock, and were received by the municipality and other local dignitaries. A pretty throng of children, gaily dressed, and dancing to the sound of the national music, strewed lavender and other odoriferous plants before the Royal procession several huge figures, in Moorish dresses, big enough to put Gog and Magog in their pockets, also marched in the Royal train the bands of the several regiments played the Royal march, while the shouts of the populace rent the air. Their Majesties alighted at the Palace of the Count de Gondolein. At eight o'clock at night the church bells struck up, and, in obedience to the signal, the inhabitants lit up their houses. The illumina@ tion was very handsome and very general, and consisted of lamps, lanterns, or huge wax tapers. During the day most of the houses had been adorned with curtains, or tapestries of brilliant colours. About nine o'clock the Royal carriages were in attendance, and conveyed their Majesties and the Infanta to the Palace of the Count of Espeleta, to inspect the preparations which had been made for the reception of their Royal relatives, the French princes. Both going and returning they were greeted with loud and hearty vivas by the people. The young Queen looked pale and fatigued with her journey, whilst her mother and sister seemed in the enjoyment of excellent health. General Harispe, com@ manding the Bayonne division of the French army, accom@ panied by Major de Bois-le-Comte and other officers of his staff, arrived at Pampeluna in the morning, from Tolosa. On the 4th of September, about three o'clock, the church bells announced the approach of the French Princes, who made their entrance half an hour afterwards. They came in two of the Royal carriages, one drawn by six horses, the other by the same number of mules, the coachmen, foot@ men, and outriders being attired in dark blue liveries, co@ vered with rich gold lace. They were escorted by a troop of Cuirassiers and another of Lancers. Their Royal High@ nesses were accompanied by the Countess d'Oraison, Lady of Honour to the Duchess de Nemours General Boyer, Aide-de-Camp to the Duke, and General Janin. They alighted at the Queen's Palace, and after paying their re@ spects to their Majesties and the Infanta, proceeded to the Espeleta Palace, which had been prepared for them. The people received their Royal Highnesses in perfect silence, and the same marked their entrance into, and departure from, the Queen's residence, and their entrance into their own, whilst the Queen of Spain could hardly pass near the windows without being greeted with a buzz of applause, which was converted into a loud burst of enthusiasm when she, accompanied by her mother and sister, and the Dukes de Nemours and Aumale, appeared on the balcony of the P.ilace. General Harispe and his staff were present at the Palace to compliment the Princes and Spanish Royal Family. The Queen and Infanta afterwards went to the Espeleta Palace, to visit their Royal cousins of France, and to invite them to dinner, on which occasion fifty persons partook of the Royal hospitality. The only Ministers pre@ sent were General Narvaez and Martinez de la Rosa. After dinner the Royal party appeared on the balcony to witness a national dance which was performed in the small square in front of the Palace. A fountain in the square was very prettily illuminated, and hope an inscription from t@y#bity of Pampeluna to the Queen, POLITICAL. The Earl of Winchilsea has resigned the deputy-lieu-@tenancies of the counties of Northampton, Kent, and Lin@ coln, and also the commission of the peace for the same counties. In his letters of resignation, which are copies of each other, the noble Lord says Regarding as I do the conduct of her Majesty's Ministers, in their late dismissal of Mr Watson, to be of a most arbitrary and unjust cha@ racter, I cannot subject myself to a similar treatment in the course which I may deem it my duty to pursue in advocating those great Protestant principles which are, in my estimation, beyond all earthly value. -The Lord Chancellor has directed a supersedeas for the commission of the peace to be prepared according to the noble Lord's wish. South Australia.-A Parliamentary paper has been issued, containing copies of the correspondence on the subject of the colonial land fund of South Australia. There are fifteen letters and despatches in the correspond@ ence. Several holders of special surveys in South Aus@ tralia complained, in August, 1844, to Lord Stanley, as Colonial Secretary, that they had purchased land under the 4th and 5th of Will. IV, c. 95, on the faith that the whole of the purchase-money would be applied to the giving a free passage to labouring emigrants, which pro@ mise the Government had not fulfilled. The reply was to the effect that South Australia having become insol@ vent, the resources of that settlement did not supply any means of sending out emigrants in respect of the pre@ vious purchases of land, and that no vote was taken of British funds for the purpose. The memorialists again urged their claims on Lord Stanley, remarking that, how@ ever, as individuals, they regretted the insolvency of the colony, their money was paid under the guarantee of an act of Parliament and trusted that his Lordship would bring their claims before Parliament. Lord Stanley, by his secretary Mr Hope, M.P. , repudiated the construc@ tion put on the act, and refused to make any application to Parliament. The holders again addressed his Lord-@@hip in January last, which called forth a reply without relief. In February another letter was sent by the hold@ ers of special surveys, in which the following passage ap@ pears - We beg to assure your Lordship we feel most honoured and fortified in the justice of our claims by the consideration that at one time you regarded them favour@ ably and we trust we may be excused expressing our ignorance of aught which may have occurred since to alter your views. Our patient endurance of delay, and our urging our claims at a period when the fulfilment of them would be most beneficial to all parties, we trust give us an increased demand for d favourable consideration. His Lordship merely referred, in answer, to his former letter. It seems that during the time the correspondence was pending Governor Grey recommended an advance of 2,000 . for the purposes of emigration, in consequence of the purchase of waste land, and by the concluding docu@ ment in the correspondence, bearing date the 7th of July last, Lord Stanley stated that, under all the circumstances, and adverting to the satisfactory progress of the land fund, the advarme of the 2,000 . would be made for the purposes of emigration. SOUTHWARK ELECTION. The nomination of the candidates for the representation of this borough in Parliament, in the room of the late Mr B. Wood, took place on Wednesday. After the usual preliminaries, and the respective nominations bv their friends of Sir William Molesworth, Mr Pilcher, and Mr Miall, the candidates severally addressed the electors. As the opinions of Sir William Molesworth, religious and political, have been grossly misrepresented by Mr Miall and his friends, we deem it only an act of justice to the hon. baronet to publish his eloquent and manly refu@ tation. As soon as he could obtain a hearing Sir William Molesworth said -@Of the three candidates who aspire to the honour of re@ presenting you in Parliament, the lot has fallen upon me first to address you. I entreat a patient hearing whilst I endeavour, as briefly as I can, to explain my political nrin-@ciples. If you approve of my principles, it will be your duty to elect me if you disapprove of them, it will be your duty to reject me. For nine years I sat and voted in the House of Commons as a Radical. To those principles I still ad@ here, and intend to adhere. Cheers. Are you for or are you against Radical principles ? Cheers. I will put the question more distinctly. Are you in favour of free trade ? Are you opposed to all protecting duties ? Would you ex@ tend your commerce-exchange your manufacture for the productions of every climate, so that your manufactures may flourish, and the labouring classes be prosperous and happy ? Do you desire a repeal of the corn laws ? Cheers. Do you wish for cheap food-for abundant food for our daily increasing population@? According as you answer these questions, yes or no, so should you vote for or against me. For I have always been a free-trader. Cheers. I THE CHURCH. Defeat of Puseyism in St George's in the East.-After a struggle of two years by Messrs Leyenot and Bond, the churchwardens of St George's in the East, and the most influential and respectable part of the pa@ rishioners, the Rev. Bryan King, the rector of the parish, was, on Sunday last, compelled to announce publicly in the parish church that, in compliance with directions from his diocesan, the use of the surplice and the reading of the bidding prayer should be discontinued. Being sacra@ ment Sunday, the offertory sentences were read as a mat@ ter of course, but the parishioners were resolved, having gained so much, to insist on the whole of the innovations being abandoned. Enlargement of the Protestant Church at Bonn.-The 4 Rhenish Observer,' the only paper in the Protestant interest published in the Prussian dominions on the Rhine, informs us that Prince Albert has just sent 700 thalers, about 100 ., towards the enlargement of the Protestant church at Bonn. It seems that the number of Protestants has so much increased in that town that last Good Friday there was not room enough in the church even for those who were desirous to partake of the Lord's Supper. The liberality of the illustrious Prince was, therefore, well-timed, and will hasten the completion of a work the want of which had been felt even at the time of his Royal Highness's residence at the university of that town. Conference of Evangelical Ministers.-A pro@ posal having been made that a great meeting of evan@ gelical Christians, of different churches and countries, should be held in London, for the purpose of associating and concentrating the strength of an enlightened Protes@ tantism against the encroachment of Popery and Pusey@ ism, and to promote the interests of a scriptural Chris@ tianity, it has been thought desirable that a preliminary meeting of the various denominations in Great Britain and Ireland should be held and it has accordingly been decided that this preliminary oonference shall take place at Liverpool on the 1st of October. It is expected that 200 ministers will be present, and that the proceedings will occupy three days. Candidates for Holy Orders.-A short time since some of the bishops, in their places in the House of Lords, expressed their intention of allowing schoolmasters to become candidates for holy orders, without undergoing an university qualification. The Lord Bishop of London has recently been written to upon this subject, and the question put to him, whether he would or not allow schoolmasters to become candidates in his diocese ? His lordship replied by stating that, whatever other bishops might do, he should not depart from the ancient custom of requiring the candidates to have graduated at the universities of Oxford or Cambridge, have supported every measure calculated to extend the commerce and unshackle the industry of this country. As a staunch free-trader I should take my seat as your repre@ sentative in the House of Commons. Cheers. Again, are you in favour of religious liberty and equality ? Do you agree with me in thinking that neither the state nor society ought to interfere with the religious belief of any man-that all creeds, sects, and religions, that Protestants, Ca@ tholics, and Dissenters, Jews, and Christians, should be treated in every respect alike ? If you hold these opinions, then it is your duty to vote for me, for throughout the whole of my public and private career, in every thought, deed, and word, I have been true to the principles of religious liberty and equality. Again, would you do justice to Ire@ land@? I have proved that I would by every vote that I have given on Irish affairs. I have proved it since I came into this borough. I might have avoided all the danger of the contest if I would have shrunk from the side of justice to Ireland. I was asked how I should have voted with re@ gard to the late grant to Maynooth. I might have evaded that question. I might have said I was not in Parliament when that measure was passed, that it was settled and gone by. I felt, however, that it was my duty to you honestly to state my opinion with regard to that grant, and I felt that, in@justice to Ireland, I must have voted for it. For this de@ claration I have been violently assailed by one section of the Liberal party. My opinions remain unshaken, and for rea@ sons which I will shortly state. The great majority of the Irish nation have adhered to the religion of their fore@ fathers, and are still Catholics. The piety of those ances@ tors bequeathed vast property for the maintenance of the Catholic religion, and for the instruction of the Catholic priests. That property has been alienated, not to the uses of the state, nor for the benefit of the whole Irish nation, but to the support of a religion which seven-eighths of the people utterly disbelieve. As some slight compensation, perhaps, for this great wrong, the Irish Parliament granted a small sum of money, not to maintain the Irish priests, but to educate them, to render them fit for the performance of their duties. After the union of Great Britain and Ireland this grant was considered as a sort of contract it was con@ tinued from year to year it had become inadequate for its purpose and last year it was proposed to make it suffi cient. Now, I ask, could the House of Commons, with pro@ priety, have rejected such a proposal ? Would not the re@ fusal of this grant have been considered as tantamount to a declaration of hostility towards Ireland@? Would it not have confirmed the assertion of the agitator, that there was no justice to be obtained from England@? Would it not have lent force to the cry of repeal of the union ? I answer, it would. I am opposed to the repeal of the union-no one more so but then I say, do justice to Ireland-destroy her monster church-the reproach of England-and when you have done this, then, and not till then, refuse the small grant to Maynooth. These are, briefly, my opinions as a Radical upon them rests my only claim for your support. If you approve of them,-if you are in favour of free trade -if you desire a repeal of the corn laws-if you are friends to religious liberty and equality-if you are for the pro@ gressive reform of the institutions of your country-and, lastly, if you would do justice to Ireland, then give me your votes. But if, on the contrary, you are opposed to free trade-if you love the corn laws-if you would resist ex@ tension of suffrage, triennial Parliaments, and vote by bal@ lot-if you are in words only, but not in deeds, the friends of religious liberty and equality-and lastly, if you would offer a deadly insult to Ireland by proposing the rescinding of the grant to Maynooth,-then I am not the man fit to re@ present you I recommend you to select one or other of my antagonists. Now a few words with regard to those an@ tagonists. First, with regard to Mr Pilcher Mr@ Pilcher is a Tory. I say it with every respect, for he has as much right to his conscientious opinions as I have to mine. Our opinions are diametrically opposed. There is a fair up@ standing fight between us, which the poll of to-morrow will decide in my favour. But it is not merely on political grounds that Mr Pilcher claims your support. He lays claim to it on account of the local good he will do to the borough. In this respect Mr Pilcher far outbids me. I can only promise to attend to your parliamentary business. In@ deed, it would be contrary to my principles. It would seem to me to be a species of corruption to attempt to bias your votes by any promises of pecuniary benefit to yourselves, either individually or collectively. Magnificent are the promises which Mr Pilcher is reported to have made. He is reported to have said that he would maintain all the hos@ pitals, support all the dispensaries, and contribute to all the charities wiih which this borough abounds-that he would cleanse your borough of everything filthy-that he would build docks for all the steam vessels-that he would accom@ plish wonders with regard to the river Thames. Thus Mr Pilcher would buy you. Take care to use a popular ex@ pression that you are not sold. Now, a few words to the friends of Mr@ Miall, and to that gentlepian himself. Many amongst yo whose char a your opinior seemed to n from the be division that that our u enemy. I mised to reti give all the These offers on. Still I tween us. towards each of reason, and for that word of disre against your however, I a the first bio ground of a abuse. You opinions witl sincerity bee England yo shrink with excite religio inquisitor of ligious beliefcui the human race l was put to death Antipodes was b Persecuted as disl knees was compe able. Bacon am the doctrines of I Newton was accui covery of the law. against Franklin I Mt Priestley's I gered on aocount
[ GS_aligned] ######################################## The slaughter by the journeymen millers is e@ﬀected with long spears, after blinding their victim by throwing @ﬂour in his eyes. Another programme an- nounces the order of the national dances, the @ﬁrst of which will represent the dancers of the village of Aioz entering Pampeluna, according to ancient custom, accompanied by their dulcineas. Among the e@@ﬃgies is a bower, in which an allegory represents the two worlds doing homage at the feet of Spain! The Duke of Cadiz, eldest son of Don Francisco de Paula, is at Pampeluna, in command of a cavalry regiment, and apartments are preparing for the Infanta himself, who is ex- pected. The hotel of the Count de Gondolin is @ﬁtted up for the Spanish Royal family, and that of the Count de Espeleta for the French Princes. These two residences have been furnished very handsomely in the ancient style with rich tapestries, particularly the latter, which has a gallery of portraits of the Spanish monarchs from Philip V to the present time. Apartments were prepared for Munoz, Duke of Rianzares, in the house of Senor Cariguiri, banker, and deputy to the Cortes for this city, but it is very doubtful if he will come, as his equivocal position would create great awkwardness in his relations with the Duke and Duchess de Nemours and the Duke d'Aumale. The Dukedom of Nemours possesses historical reminis- cences for the Navarrese, Charles III, King of Navarre, surnamed the Noble who rebuilt the Cathedral now exist- ing , having, in 1403, obtained this title and a pension from the French Crown in compensation for the loss of his here- ditary domains in France. The arena for the bull‐fiights is a very substantial building, after the plan of the Roman amphitheatre, capable of containing upwards of ten thousand spectators. It was completed last year, being built on the site of an ancient monastery. The Court of Spain has made great e@ﬀorts to appear with a splendour suitable to the ancient grandeur of the nation splendid services of plate and other valuable objects have been brought from Madrid, new liveries have been made for the servants, the handsomest of the Royal carriages have already arrived, and the Queen's stud can boast of horses of extraordinary beauty. Among these are three Andalusian horses intended as presents for the Royal guests, the proportions of which are faultless. The Duke de San Carlos, to whom all these arrangements have been intrusted, has been indefatigable in his endeavours to complete them so as to do honour to the hospitality and taste of his Royal mistresses. On the morning of the 3rd inst. a review of a select por- tion of the garrison and troops collected for the approach- ing miliary evolutions, took place on the glacis outside the town. These troops, about @ﬁve thousand in number, were composed of one battalion from each of the infantry regi- ments, and a squadron from each of the cavalry. There were also on the ground six pieces of @ﬁeld artillery, each drawn by six mules, and the corresponding ammunition waggon by six others. The whole of these were in beauti- ful order but what excited great admiration were twelve mountain guns, of elegant workmanship-the guns on the back of one mule, the carriages on another, and the ammu- nition on a third. The whole of the troops were in very @ﬁne order, well clothed, and perfectly disciplined. The squadron of the Princesa Lancers was commanded by the Duke of Cadiz, and the whole review was under the orders of the Commandant‐General of Pampeluna. Narvaez, who arrived the evening before, was present, but in plain clothes. About four o'clock on the 3rd the city bells announced the approach of the Sovereign, the Royal train having been descried at a distance of @ﬁve miles. The living stream @poured out towards the French gate, where the Queen and Infanta arrived at @ﬁve o'clock, and were received by the municipality and other local dignitaries. A pretty throng of children, gaily dressed, and dancing to the sound of the national music, strewed lavender and other odoriferous plants before the Royal procession several huge @ﬁgures, in Moorish dresses, big enough to put Gog and Magog in their pockets, also marched in the Royal train the bands of the several regiments played the Royal march, while the shouts of the populace rent the air. Their Majesties alighted at the Palace of the Count de Gondolein. At eight o'clock at night the church bells struck up, and, in obedience to the signal, the inhabitants lit up their houses. The illumina- tion was very handsome and very general, and consisted of lamps, lanterns, or huge wax tapers. During the day most of the houses had been adorned with curtains, or tapestries of brilliant colours. About nine o'clock the Royal carriages were in attendance, and conveyed their Majesties and the Infanta to the Palace of the Count of Espeleta, to inspect the prepararions which had been made for the reception of their Royal relatives, the French princes. Both going and returning they were greeted with loud and hearty vivas by the people. The young Queen looked pale and fatigued with her journey, whilst her mother and sister seemed in the enjoyment of excellent health. General Harispe, com- manding the Bayonne division of the French army, accom- panied by Major de ############# and other o@@ﬃcers of his sta@ﬀ, arrived at Pampeluna in the morning, from Tolosa. On the 4th of September, about three o'clock, the church bells announced the approach of the French Princes, who made their entrance half an hour afterwards. They came in two of the Royal carriages, one drawn by six horses, the other by the same number of mules, the coachmen, foot- men, and outriders being attired in dark blue liveries, co- vered with rich gold lace. They were escorted by a troop of Cuirassiers and another of Lancers. Their Royal High- nesses were accompanied by the Countess d'Oraison, Lady of Honour to the Duchess de Nemours General Boyer, Aide‐de‐Camp to the Duke, and General Janin. They alighted at the Queen's Palace, and after paying their re- spects to their Majesties and the Infanta, proceeded to the Espeleta Palace, which had been prepared for them. The people received their Royal Highnesses in perfect silence, and the same marked their entrance into, and departure from, the Queen's residence, and their entrance into their own, whilst the Queen of Spain could hardly pass near the windows without being greeted with a buzz of applause, which was converted into a loud burst of enthusiasm when she, accompanied by her mother and sister, and the Dukes de Nemours and Aumale, appeared on the balcony of the P@alace. General Harispe and his sta@ﬀ were present at the Palace to compliment the Princes and Spanish Royal Family. The Queen and Infanta afterwards went to the Espeleta Palace, to visit their Royal cousins of France, and to invite them to dinner, on which occasion @ﬁfty persons partook of the Royal hospitality. The only Ministers pre- sent were General Narvaez and Martinez de la Rosa. After dinner the Royal party appeared on the balcony to witness a national dance which was performed in the small square in front of the Palace. A fountain in the square was very prettily illuminated, and bore an inscription from the city of Pampeluna to the Queen. POLITICAL. The Earl of Winchilsea has resigned the deputy‐lieu- tenancies of the counties of Northampton, Kent, and Lin- coln, and also the commission of the peace for the same counties. In his letters of resignation, which are copies of each other, the noble Lord says Regarding as I do the conduct of her Majesty's Ministers, in their late dismissal of Mr Watson, to be of a most arbitrary and unjust cha- racter, I cannot subject myself to a similar treatment in the course which I may deem it my duty to pursue in advocating those great Protestant principles which are, in my estimation, beyond all earthly value. -The Lord Chancellor has directed a supersedeas for the commission of the peace to be prepared according to the noble Lord's wish. ################## Parliamentary paper has been issued, containing copies of the correspondence on the subject of the colonial land fund of South Australia. There are @ﬁfteen letters and despatches in the correspond- ence. Several holders of special surveys in South Aus- tralia complained, in August, 1844, to Lord Stanley, as Colonial Secretary, that they had purchased land under the 4th and 5th of Will. IV, c. 95, on the faith that the whole of the purchase‐money would be applied to the giving a free passage to labouring emigrants, which pro- mise the Government had not ful@ﬁlled. The reply was to the e@ﬀect that South Australia having become insol- vent, the resources of that settlement did not supply any means of sending out emigrants in respect of the pre- vious purchases of land, and that no vote was taken of British funds for the purpose. The memorialists again urged their claims on Lord Stanley, remarking that, how- ever, as individuals, they regretted the insolvency of the colony, their money was paid under the guarantee of an act of Parliament and trusted that his Lordship would bring their claims before Parliament. Lord Stanley, by his secretary Mr Hope, M.P. , repudiated the construc- tion put on the act, and refused to make any application to Parliament. The holders again addressed his Lord- ship in January last, which called forth a reply without relief. In February another letter was sent by the hold- ers of special surveys, in which the following passage ap- pears - We beg to assure your Lordship we feel most honoured and forti@ﬁed in the justice of our claims by the consideration that at one time you regarded them favour- ably and we trust we may be excused expressing our ignorance of aught which may have occurred since to alter your views. Our patient endurance of delay, and our urging our claims at a period when the ful@ﬁlment of them would be most bene@ﬁcial to all parties, we trust give us an increased demand for a favourable consideration. His Lordship merely referred, in answer, to his former letter. It seems that during the time the correspondence was pending Governor Grey recommended an advance of 2,000l. for the purposes of emigration, in consequence of the purchase of waste land, and by the concluding docu- ment in the correspondence, bearing date the 7th of July last, Lord Stanley stated that, under all the circumstances, and adverting to the satisfactory progress of the land fund, the advance of the 2,000l. would be made for the purposes of emigration. #################################################### for the representation of this borough in Parliament, in the room of the late Mr B. Wood, took place on Wednesday. After the usual preliminaries, and the respective nominations by their friends of Sir William Molesworth, Mr Pilcher, and Mr Miall, the candidates severally addressed the electors. As the opinions of Sir William Molesworth, religious and political, have been grossly misrepresented by Mr Miall and his friends, we deem it only an act of justice to the hon. baronet to publish his eloquent and manly refu- tation. As soon as he could obtain a hearing Sir William Molesworth said - Of the three candidates who aspire to the honour of re- presenting you in Parliament, the lot has fallen upon me @ﬁrst to address you. I entreat a patient hearing whilst I endeavour, as brie@ﬂy as I can, to explain my political prin- ciples. If you approve of my principles, it will be your duty to elect me if you disapprove of them, it will be your duty to reject me. For nine years I sat and voted in the House of Commons as a Radical. To those principles I still ad- here, and intend to adhere. Cheers. Are you for or are you against Radical principles ? Cheers. I will put the question more distinctly. Are you in favour of free trade ? Are you opposed to all protecting duties ? Would you ex- tend your commerce-exchange your manufacture for the productions of every climate, so that your manufactures may @ﬂourish, and the labouring classes be prosperous and happy ? Do you desire a repeal of the corn laws ? Cheers. Do you wish for cheap food-for abundant food for our daily increasing population ? According as you answer these questions, yes or no, so should you vote for or against me. For I have always been a free‐trader. Cheers. I ################################################################ a struggle of two years by Messrs Leyenot and Bond, the churchwardens of St George's in the East, and the most in@ﬂuential and respectable part of the pa- rishioners, the Rev. Bryan King, the rector of the parish, was, on Sunday last, compelled to announce publicly in the parish church that, in compliance with directions from his diocesan, the use of the surplice and the reading of the bidding prayer should be discontinued. Being sacra- ment Sunday, the o@ﬀertory sentences were read as a mat- ter of course, but the parishioners were resolved, having gained so much, to insist on the whole of the innovations being abandoned. ################################################# @'Rhenish Observer,' the only paper in the Protestant interest published in the Prussian dominions on the Rhine, informs us that Prince Albert has just sent 700 thalers, about 100l., towards the enlargement of the Protestant church at Bonn. It seems that the number of Protestants has so much increased in that town that last Good Friday there was not room enough in the church even for those who were desirous to partake of the Lord's Supper. The liberality of the illustrious Prince was, therefore, well‐timed, and will hasten the completion of a work the want of which had been felt even at the time of his Royal Highness's residence at the university of that town. ###################################### pro- posal having been made that a great meeting of evan- gelical Christians, of di@ﬀerent churches and countries, should be held in London, for the purpose of associating and concentrating the strength of an enlightened Protes- tantism against the encroachment of Popery and Pusey- ism, and to promote the interests of a scriptural Chris- tianity, it has been thought desirable that a preliminary meeting of the various denominations in Great Britain and Ireland should be held and it has accordingly been decided that this preliminary conference shall take place at Liverpool on the 1st of October. It is expected that 200 ministers will be present, and that the proceedings will occupy three days. ############################# short time since some of the bishops, in their places in the House of Lords, expressed their intention of allowing schoolmasters to become candidates for holy orders, without undergoing an university quali@ﬁcation. The Lord Bishop of London has recently been written to upon this subject, and the question put to him, whether he would or not allow schoolmasters to become candidates in his diocese ? His lordship replied by stating that, whatever other bishops might do, he should not depart from the ancient custom of requiring the candidates to have graduated at the universities of Oxford or ############################################################ the commerce and unshackle the industry of this country. As a staunch free‐trader I should take my seat as your repre- sentative in the House of Commons. Cheers. Again, are you in favour of religious liberty and equality ? Do you agree with me in thinking that neither the state nor society ought to interfere with the religious belief of any man-that all creeds, sects, and religions, that Protestants, Ca- tholics, and Dissenters, Jews, and Christians, should be treated in every respect alike ? If you hold these opinions, then it is your duty to vote for me, for throughout the whole of my public and private career, in every thought, deed, and word, I have been true to the principles of religious liberty and equality. Again, would you do justice to Ire- land ? I have proved that I would by every vote that I have given on Irish a@ﬀairs. I have proved it since I came into this borough. I might have avoided all the danger of the contest if I would have shrunk from the side of justice to Ireland. I was asked how I should have voted with re- gard to the late grant to Maynooth. I might have evaded that question. I might have said I was not in Parliament when that measure was passed, that it was settled and gone by. I felt, however, that it was my duty to you honestly to state my opinion with regard to that grant, and I felt that, in justice to Ireland, I must have voted for it. For this de- claration I have been violently assailed by one section of the Liberal party. My opinions remain unshaken, and for rea- sons which I will shortly state. The great majority of the Irish nation have adhered to the religion of their fore- fathers, and are still Catholics. The piety of those ances- tors bequeathed vast property for the maintenance of the Catholic religion, and for the instruction of the Catholic priests. That property has been alienated, not to the uses of the state, nor for the bene@ﬁt of the whole Irish nation, but to the support of a religion which seven‐eighths of the people utterly disbelieve. As some slight compensation, perhaps, for this great wrong, the Irish Parliament granted a small sum of money, not to maintain the Irish priests, but to educate them, to render them @ﬁt for the performance of their duties. After the union of Great Britain and Ireland this grant was considered as a sort of contract it was con- tinued from year to year it had become inadequate for its purpose and last year it was proposed to make it su@ﬃ- cient. Now, I ask, could the House of Commons, with pro- priety, have rejected such a proposal ? Would not the re- fusal of this grant have been considered as tantamount to a declaration of hostility towards Ireland ? Would it not have con@ﬁrmed the assertion of the agitator, that there was no justice to be obtained from England ? Would it not have lent force to the cry of repeal of the union ? I answer, it would. I am opposed to the repeal of the union-no one more so but then I say, do justice to Ireland-destroy her monster church-the reproach of England-and when you have done this, then, and not till then, refuse the small grant to Maynooth. These are, brie@ﬂy, my opinions as a Radical upon them rests my only claim for your support. If you approve of them,-if you are in favour of free trade -if you desire a repeal of the corn laws-if you are friends to religious liberty and equality-if you are for the pro- gressive reform of the institutions of your country-and, lastly, if you would do justice to Ireland, then give me your votes. But if, on the contrary, you are opposed to free trade-if you love the corn laws-if you would resist ex- tension of su@ﬀrage, triennial Parliaments, and vote by bal- lot-if you are in words only, but not in deeds, the friends of religious liberty and equality-and lastly, if you would o@ﬀer a deadly insult to Ireland by proposing the rescinding of the grant to Maynooth,-then I am not the man @ﬁt to re- present you I recommend you to select one or other of my antagonists. Now a few words with regard to those an- tagonists. First, with regard to Mr Pilcher Mr. Pilcher is a Tory. I say it with every respect, for he has as much right to his conscientious opinions as I have to mine. Our opinions are diametrically opposed. There is a fair up- standing @ﬁght between us, which the poll of to‐morrow will decide in my favour. But it is not merely on political grounds that Mr Pilcher claims your support. He lays claim to it on account of the local good he will do to the borough. In this respect Mr Pilcher far outbids me. I can only promise to attend to your parliamentary business. In- deed, it would be contrary to my principles. It would seem to me to be a species of corruption to attempt to bias your votes by any promises of pecuniary bene@ﬁt to yourselves, either individually or collectively. Magni@ﬁcent are the promises which Mr Pilcher is reported to have made. He is reported to have said that he would maintain all the hos- pitals, support all the dispensaries, and contribute to all the charities with which this borough abounds-that he would cleanse your borough of everything @ﬁlthy-that he would build docks for all the steam vessels-that he would accom- plish wonders with regard to the river Thames. Thus Mr Pilcher would buy you. Take care to use a popular ex- pression that you are not sold. Now, a few words to the friends of Mr. Miall, and to that gentle@man himself. #####################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################