[OCR_toInput] m THE EXAMINER. as the measure had been assumed by each as a retaliation f ir an asserted acquiescence in the aggressions of the other, it was reasonably expected that'thc occasion would havo been seized bv both, for evincing the sincerity of their professions, 3t d for restoring to the United States its legi • tiinale freedom. The instructions to our Jlinistcts, with respect to the different Belligerents, were necessarily mo dified with a reference, to their different circumstances, and to the condition annexed - by law to the executive power of suspension requiring a degree of security to our commerce, which Would not result from a repeal of the decrees of France. Instead of a pledge, therefore, for a suspension of the Embargo as to her, in case of such , a repeal, it was presnhted that a sufficient inducement might be found in other considerations, and particularly In the change priwiuCed by'a compliance with our just.de mand?, by one Belligerent, and a refusal by-the oilier, in the relations between this other and tile. United Stales. To fireat Britain, whose power on the ocean Is so ascend ant, it was deemed not inconsistent with that condition, to state, explicitly, that on Iter rescinding her Orders in re lation to the commerce rrf the United States, their trade would be opened with Iter, and remain shut to her enemy, in ease of his -failure to rescind his Decrees,also. From France no answer has beett received, nor any indication that the requisite change ill her- Decrees is contemplated. The favourable reception of the proposition to fireat Bri tain eyas-the less to be doubted, as her Orders of Council, had not imly been referred for theig vindication to an ac quiescence on the part of the United States no longer to lie pretended but as the arrangement proposed, whilst it resisted tire illegal Decrees of France, involved, moreover, substantially the precise advantages professedly aimed at, by lie British Orders.' The arrangement has neverthe less hcen rejected. e This candid and liberal experiment having thus failed, ahd no other event having occurred on which a suspension of the Embargo by the Executive was authoris ed, it necessarily remains in the extent originally giver, to it. We have the satisfaction, however, to reflect, that, in return for the privations imposed by the measure, and which ourfelloW-citizenli in general Itaye borne with pa triotism, it hashed the important effects of saying our mariners and our vast mercantile property, as well as of affording time for prosecuting the defensive and provisional measures called for by the occasion. It has demonstrated to foreign nations the moderation and firmness which govern our councils, and to pur citizens the necessity of uniting in support of the laws and the rights of their coun try and has tlnjs long frustrated those usurpations and Spoliations which, if resisted, involved war if submitted to, sacrificeda vital principle of our national independence. Under a continuance of the belligerent measures, which, in defiance of laws which consecrate the rights of neutrals, overspread the ocean with danger, it will rest with the wisdom of Congress to decide on the course best adapted to such a state of things and bringing with them, as they do, from every part of the Union, the senti ments of our. constituents, my confidence is strengthened that in forming this decision, they, will, with an unerring regard to the essential rights and interests of the nation, weigh and compare the painful alternatives out of which a choice is to be made. Npr should I do justice to the virtues which on other occasions have marked the charac ter of our fellow-citizens, if I did not cherish an equal confidence that the alternative chosen, whatever it may be, will be maintained with all the fortitude and patriot ism which the crisis ought to inspire. The documents containing the Correspondence op the subjecLof the foreign edicts against our commerce, with the instructions given to our Ministers at London and Paris, are now laid before you. The Communication made to Congress at their last Ses-siyn explained tbe posture in which tht close of thediscut-iin m ~~ 1 S- ' ' aioo relative to the attack bya British ship of War on th e frigate Chesapeake, left a subject on which the nation had manifested so honourable a sensibility. Every view of what had passed authorised a belief that immediate steps would he taken by the British fiovernmrnt for redressing a wrong, which, the more it was investigated, appeared the mote clearly to require what had not been provided for in t j e special mission. It is found that no steps have been taken for the purpose. On the contrary, it will be seen in the documents laid before you, that the inadmissible prelimi nary which obstructs the adjustment is still adhered to and, moreover, that it is now brought into connexion with the distinct and irrelative case of the Orders in C'ounril. The instructions which had been given to our Ministers at London, with a view to facilitate, if necessary, the repa ration claimed by the ITuited States, are included in the documents communicated. Our relations with the other Bowers of Europe have undergone no material changes since your last Ses sion. The important negociatiorts with Spain, w hich had boon alternately suspended and resumed, necessarily expe rience a pause, under the extraordinary and interesting crisis which distinguish bet 4 internal situation. With the Barbary Powers we continue in harmony, with the exception of an unjusstifiable proceeding of the Dey of Algiers towards our Consul to that Regency. Its character and circumstances are now laid before you, and will enable you to decide how far itunay, cither now or hereafter, call for any measures not within the limits of the Executive Authority. IVitil bur Indian neighbours the public peace has been sleadily riiaintaiiicd. Some instances of individual w rong have, as at other times, taken place, but in no wise implicating the will of -the nation. Beyond tbe Mis sissippi, the I o ways, the Sacs, and the Alibamas, have delivered up, for trial and punishment individuals from Among themselves accused of murdering citizens of the United States, 1 on' this side, the Mississippi the Creeks are exerting themselves to arrest offenders of the same kind uid the Choctaws have manifested their readiness and desifb for amicable and-just arrangements, respect ing depredatiou committed by disorderly persons of their tribe. And generally, from a conviction that we consider them as a part of ourselves, and cherish- w ith sincerity their rights and interests, the attachment nf the Indiaa tribes is gaining strength daily is extending from the nearer to tile more remote, and will amply requite us for the justice and friendship practised towards them hus bandry and household manufacture are advancing a suing them more'rapidly with the southern than the thmliern tribes, from circumstances of soil and climate .and one of the two great divisions of the Cherokee Notion have how uuder consideration, to solicit the Citizenship of tlia United States, and to be identified with us ih law's aud government, in such progressive manner as we shall think best. In consequence of the appropriations of the last Session of Congress for the security of our seaport towns and harbours, such works of defence have been erected, as seemed to be called for by the situation of the several places, their relative importance, and the scale of ex pense indicated by the amount of the appropriation. These works will chiefly b finished in the coarse of the present season, except at New York aud New Orleans, Where most was to be done and although a great pro portion of the last appropriation has been expended ua the former place, yet some further views trill be submit ted to Congress, for rendering its security entirely ade quate against naval enterprise. A view of what has bcea done at several places, and of what is proposed to be done, shall be communicated as soon as the several re ports are received. Of the gun-bontt authorised by the Act of Decem ber last, it has been thought necessary only to build 1B3
[OCR_aligned] m THE EXAMINER. as the measure had been assumed by each as a retaliation f ir an asserted acquiescence in the aggressions of the other, it was reasonably expected that'thc occasion would havo been seized bv both, for evincing the sincerity of their professions, 3t d for restoring to the United States its legi • tiinale freedom. The instructions to our Jlinistcts, with respect to the different Belligerents, were necessarily mo@ dified with a reference, to their different circumstances, and to the condition annexed - by law to the executive power of suspension@ requiring a degree of security to our commerce, which Would not result from a repeal of the decrees of France. Instead of a pledge, therefore, for a suspension of the Embargo as to her, in case of such , a repeal, it was presnhted that a sufficient inducement might be found in other considerations, and particularly In the change priwiuCed by'a compliance with our just.de@ mand?, by one Belligerent, and a refusal by-the oilier, in the relations between this other and tile. United Stales. To fireat Britain, whose power on the ocean Is so ascend@ ant, it was deemed not inconsistent with that condition, to state, explicitly, that on Iter rescinding her Orders in re@ lation to the commerce rrf the United States, their trade would be opened with Iter, and remain shut to her enemy, in ease of his -failure to rescind his Decrees,also. From France no answer has beett received, nor any indication that the requisite change ill her- Decrees is contemplated. The favourable reception of the proposition to fireat Bri@ tain eyas-the less to be doubted, as her Orders of Council, had not imly been referred for thei@g vindication to an ac@ quiescence on the part of the United States@ no longer to lie pretended but as the arrangement proposed, whilst it resisted tire illegal Decrees of France, involved, moreover, substantially the precise advantages professedly aimed at, by lie British Orders.' The arrangement has neverthe@ less hcen rejected. e This candid and liberal experiment having thus failed, ahd no other event having occurred on which a suspension of the Embargo by the Executive was authoris@ ed, it necessarily remains in the extent originally giver, to it. We have the satisfaction, however, to reflect, that, in return for the privations imposed by the measure, and which ourfelloW-citizenli in general Itaye borne with pa@ triotism, it has@hed the important effects of saying our mariners and our vast mercantile property, as well as of affording time for prosecuting the defensive and provisional measures called for by the occasion. It has demonstrated to foreign nations the moderation and firmness which govern our councils, and to pur citizens the necessity of uniting in support of the laws and the rights of their coun@ try and has tlnjs long frustrated those usurpations and Spoliations which, if resisted, involved war if submitted to, sacrificeda vital principle of our national independence. Under a continuance of the belligerent measures, which, in defiance of laws which consecrate the rights of neutrals, overspread the ocean with danger, it will rest with the wisdom of Congress to decide on the course best adapted to such a state of things and bringing with them, as they do, from every part of the Union, the senti ments of our. constituents, my confidence is strengthened that in forming this decision, they, will, with an unerring regard to the essential rights and interests of the nation, weigh and compare the painful alternatives out of which a choice is to be made. Npr should I do justice to the virtues which on other occasions have marked the charac@ ter of our fellow-citizens, if I did not cherish an equal confidence that the alternative chosen, whatever it may be, will be maintained with all the fortitude and patriot@ ism which the crisis ought to inspire. The documents containing the Correspondence op the subjec@Lof the foreign edicts against our commerce, with the instructions given to our Ministers at London and Paris, are now laid before you. The Communication made to Congress at their last Ses-siyn explained tbe posture in which tht close of the@discut-iin m ~~ 1 S- ' ' aioo relative to the attack by@a British ship of War on th e frigate Chesapeake, left a subject on which the nation had manifested so honourable a sensibility. Every view of what had passed authorised a belief that immediate steps would he taken by the British fiovernmrnt for redressing a wrong, which, the more it was investigated, appeared the mote clearly to require what had not been provided for in t j e special mission. It is found that no steps have been taken for the purpose. On the contrary, it will be seen in the documents laid before you, that the inadmissible prelimi@ nary which obstructs the adjustment is still adhered to and, moreover, that it is now brought into connexion with the distinct and irrelative case of the Orders in C'ounril. The instructions which had been given to our Ministers at London, with a view to facilitate, if necessary, the repa@ ration claimed by the ITuited States, are included in the documents communicated. Our relations with the other Bowers of Europe have undergone no material changes since your last Ses@ sion. The important negociatiorts with Spain, w hich had boon alternately suspended and resumed, necessarily expe@ rience a pause, under the extraordinary and interesting crisis which distinguish bet 4 internal situation. With the Barbary Powers we continue in harmony, with the exception of an unjusstifiable proceeding of the Dey of Algiers towards our Consul to that Regency. Its character and circumstances are now laid before you, and will enable you to decide how far itunay, cither now or hereafter, call for any measures not within the limits of the Executive Authority. IVitil bur Indian neighbours the public peace has been sleadily riiaintaiiicd. Some instances of individual w rong have, as at other times, taken place, but in no wise implicating the will of -the nation. Beyond tbe Mis@ sissippi, the I o ways, the Sacs, and the Alibamas, have delivered up, for trial and punishment@ individuals from Among themselves accused of murdering citizens of the United States, 1 on' this side, the Mississippi the Creeks are exerting themselves to arrest offenders of the same kind uid the Choctaws have manifested their readiness and desifb for amicable and-just arrangements, respect@ ing depredatio@u committed by disorderly persons of their tribe. And generally, from a conviction that we consider them as a part of ourselves, and cherish- w ith sincerity their rights and interests, the attachment nf the Indiaa tribes is gaining strength daily is extending from the nearer to tile more remote, and will amply requite us for the justice and friendship practised towards them hus@ bandry and household manufacture are advancing a suing them more'rapidly with the southern than the thmliern tribes, from circumstances of soil and climate .and one of the two great divisions of the Cherokee Notion have how uuder consideration, to solicit the Citizenship of tlia United States, and to be identified with us ih law's aud government, in such progressive manner as we shall think best. In consequence of the appropriations of the last Session of Congress for the security of our seaport towns and harbours, such works of defence have been erected, as seemed to be called for by the situation of the several places, their relative importance, and the scale of ex@ pense indicated by the amount of the appropriation. These works will chiefly b finished in the coarse of the present season, except at New York aud New Orleans, Where most was to be done and although a great pro@ portion of the last appropriation has been expended ua the former place, yet some further views trill be submit@ ted to Congress, for rendering its security entirely ade@ quate against naval enterprise. A view of what has bcea done at several places, and of what is proposed to be done, shall be communicated as soon as the several re@ ports are received. Of the gun-bontt authorised by the Act of Decem@ ber last, it has been thought necessary only to build 1B3
[ GS_aligned] ################## the measure had been assumed by each as a retaliation f@or an asserted acquiescence in the aggressions of the other, it was reasonably expected that the occasion would have been seized by both, for evincing the sincerity of their professions, @and for restoring to the United States its legi@- t@imale freedom. The instructions to our @Ministers, with respect to the di@ﬀerent Belligerents, were necessarily mo- di@ﬁed with a reference, to their di@ﬀerent circumstances, and to the condition annexed@@ by law to the executive power of suspension, requiring a degree of security to our commerce, which would not result from a repeal of the decrees of France. Instead of a pledge, therefore, for a suspension of the Embargo as to her, in case of such@@ a repeal, it was pres@umed that a su@@ﬃcient inducement might be found in other considerations, and particularly in the change pr@oduced by a compliance with our just de- mand@, by one Belligerent, and a refusal by the o@ther, in the relations between this other and t@he@ United States. To @Great Britain, whose power on the ocean is so ascend- ant, it was deemed not inconsistent with that condition, to state, explicitly, that on @her rescinding her Orders in re- lation to the commerce @of the United States, their trade would be opened with @her, and remain shut to her enemy, in case of his @failure to rescind his Decrees also. From France no answer has bee@n received, nor any indication that the requisite change i@n her@ Decrees is contemplated. The favourable reception of the proposition to @Great Bri- tain @was the lest to be doubted, as her Orders of Council@ had not only been referred for their, vindication to an ac- quiescence on the part of the United States, no longer to @be pretended but as the arrangement proposed, whiIst it resisted t@he illegal Decrees of France, involved, moreover, substantially the precise advantages professedly aimed at@ by the British Orders.@ The arrangement has neverthe- less been rejected. @@This candid and liberal experiment having thus failed, and no other event having occurred on which a suspension of the Embargo by the Executive was authoris- ed, it necessarily remains in the extent originally give@n to it. We have the satisfaction, however, to re@ﬂect, that@ in return for the privations imposed by the measure, and which ourfellow‐citizen@s in general @have borne with pa- triotism, it has had the important e@ﬀects of saving our mariners and our vast mercantile property, as well as of a@ﬀording time for prosecuting the defensive and provisional measures called for by the occasion. It has demonstrated to foreign nations the moderation and @ﬁrmness which govern our councils, and to our citizens the necessity of uniting in support of the laws and the rights of their coun- try and has t@hus long frustrated those usurpations and spoliations which, if resisted, involved war if submitted to, sacri@ﬁceda vital principle of our national independence. Under a continuance of the belligerent measures, which, in de@ﬁance of laws which consecrate the rights of neutrals, overspread the ocean with danger, it will rest with the wisdom of Congress to decide on the course best adapted to such a state of things and bringing with them, as they do, from every part of the Union, the semi- ments of our@ constituents, my con@ﬁdence is strengthened that in forming this decision, they@ will, with an unerring regard to the essential rights and interests of the nation, weigh and compare the painful alternatives out of which a choice is to be made. Nor should I do justice to the virtues which on other occasions have marked the charac- ter of our fellow‐citizens, if I did not cherish an equal con@ﬁdence that the alternative chosen, whatever it may be, will be maintained with all the fortitude and patriot- ism which the crisis ought to inspire. The documents containing the correspondence on the subject of the foreign edicts against our commerce, with the instructions given to our Ministers at London and Paris, are now laid before you. The Communication made to Congress at their last Ses-sion explained the posture in which the close of the ############################# relative to the attack by a British ship of war on th@e frigate Chesapeake, left a subject on which the nation had manifested so honourable a sensibility. Every view of what had passed authorized a belief that immediate steps would be taken by the British @Government for redressing a wrong, which, the more it was investigated, appeared the more clearly to require what had not been provided for in t@@he special mission. It is found that no steps have been taken for the purpose. On the contrary, it will be seen in the documents laid before you, that the inadmissible prelimi- nary which obstructs the adjustment is still adhered to and, moreover, that it is now brought into connexion with the distinct and irrelative case of the Orders in C@ouncil. The instructions which had been given to our Ministers at London, with a view to facilitate, if necessary, the repa- ration claimed by the @United States, are included in the documents communicated. Our relations with the other Powers of Europe have undergone no material changes since your last Ses- sion. The important negociatio@ns with Spain, w@hich had been alternately suspended and resumed, necessarily expe- rience a pause, under the extraordinary and interesting crisis which distinguish he@@r internal situation. With the Barbary Powers we continue in harmony, with the exception of an unjussti@ﬁable proceeding of the Dey of Algiers towards our Consul to that Regency. Its character and circumstances are now laid before you, and will enable you to decide how far it may, either now or hereafter, call for any measures not within the limits of the Executive Authority. @Wit@h our Indian neighbours the public peace has been steadily @@mainta@ined. Some instances of individual w@rong have, as at other times, taken place, but in no wise implicating the will of @the nation. Beyond the Mis- sissippi, the @Lo@ways, the Saca, and the Alibamas, have delivered up, for trial and punishment, individuals from among themselves accused of murdering citizens of the United States, @@on@ this side, the Mississippi the Creeks are exerting themselves to arrest o@ﬀenders of the same kind and the Choctaws have manifested their readiness and desire for amicable and just arrangements, respect- ing depredations committed by disorderly persons of their tribe. And generally, from a conviction that we consider them as a part of ourselves, and cherish@ w@ith sincerity their rights and interests, the attachment of the Indian tribes is gaining strength daily is extending from the nearer to t@he more remote, and will amply requite us for the justice and friendship practised towards them hus- bandry and household manufacture are advancing a@@mong them more rapidly with the southern than the northern tribes, from circumstances of soil and climate @and one of the two great divisions of the Cherokee Nation have now under consideration, to solicit the Citizenship of t@he United States, and to be identi@ﬁed with us in law@s and government, in such progressive manner as we shall think best. In consequence of the appropriations of the last Session of Congress for the security of our seaport towns and harbours, such works of defence have been erected, as seemed to be called for by the situation of the several places, their relative importance, and the scale of ex- pence indicated by the amount of the appropriation. These works will chie@ﬂy be ﬁnished in the course of the present season, except at New York and New Orleans, where most was to be done and although a great pro- portion of the last appropriation has been expended on the former place, yet some further views @will be submit- ted to Congress, for rendering its security entirely ade- quate against naval enterprise. A view of what has been done at several places, and of what is proposed to be done, shall be communicated as soon as the several re- ports are received. Of the gun‐boats authorised by the Act of Decem- ber last, it has been thought necessary only to build ###