[OCR_toInput] 4 1 0 El' It Y. WANTED-A WIFE. , sought alt England through and through, • Motlg damn of hlgtt degree Will hundred pretty maids, .'•it not one made for me! i . ? iss Seraj4 ina was a nymph I bought lieyorvl compare Jack! one day-unseen-I heard My Seraphima swear! Fd thrown sheep's eyes at her, because I took her for a lunb l'is true, 1 liked her breeding well. Hut did'nt like her d ! 1 quitted her for Fanny Bloom, v How sweetly she could sing! but she had two strings to her bow, Anti two beaux to her string! Next blue eyed Emily l sought. With flaxen tresses flowing Vet oh! 1 saw those lovely eyes In angry passion glowing. She struck her maid-she might strike me Mv visits thence tlid cease Quoth 1- It is not every hand i hat bears the palm of peace. An angel, Isabel they called j l'is true she is a bell. Who hath a clapper rings for aye, That soon would ring my knell! Rich widows, too. I've tried in vain, Relicts of golden calves! They all were wives of honest men. Rut not their better halves! There was Widow WArren, fair to view, Of presence quite commanding Tut oh ! she had a Wooden leg, And a weakly understanding! A bachelor I am, my friends may laugh, No Benedict thej ffi Hurt me Free as the air I'll live And die. If 1 leave no heir behind me! I'm not of those the Fancy styled. Whom loves to sing So my matches and engagements shall lie all without the ring! f pa k n -e. A inTiitioH. hilere lit'o T'i the Editor of the Hull Packet and llnmbcr Mercury. Mr-'When any new system or scieneeComes out into the world, w ith high pretensions to importance and utility, unless it besupported bv facts, observation, or experiment, it deserves only to be ridiculed and then to he forgotten. Hut when this species of evidence is gra-tuitously adduced in support of the principle, it seeks to establish ■ and when the truth of those principles is freely and fairly staked upon the validity oftliiseviden.ee, then it becomesthe duty of every candid individual to examine impartially into the merits of the ease as far as Iris opportunities will allow him, and only to atrord his assent so far as it is home out by substantial proofs If tbe system that solicits that assent appear, after such an investigation, to be destitute alto, cottier of tlieevidonce upon which its claims are professedly founded, or even if it appear to tie ill, or accidentally supported by it, then, of course, lie imperfectly justifiable, not only in withholding thorn it his own individual support, but in endeavouring, by argument or ridicule, to prevent its gaining further hold of the minds of others. There are some people who are ever crying out against innovation. Whenever anovel doctrine is presented to their notice, their antiyuarian prejudices immediately take tlie alarm, and ttiey at once stigmatize it as absurd, without ever investigating the arguments by which it is supported, or tlie evidence upon which it rests. They tell usitcarries falsehood on its very face, or it can never benefit society, or it will corrupt the public morals, or it tends to materialism and thus ttiey presume to censure and condemn what ttiey know nothing at all about. I grant it is very necessary to exercise caution in examining the evidence of any new system, lest, by too hasty a proceedure, we should admit as valid evidence, what may be only the result of casual coincidence, or superficial analogy but then it is equally necessary, on the other hand, that we take care not to reject a whole set of prin ciples, on the ground of any apparent itisagreement that disagree, ment may be the mere modification of circumstances, and that unfavourable resultmay beonly a practical abuse Cor what established principle is there whose proofs are not, in some way or other, dependent upon circumstances and wtiat righteous doctrine is there, which has not, at some time or other, been prostituted to vicious ends! But I must come to tlie gist of my communication. Your corres. pondent T. R ' is truly in a deplorable situation, and every one of humane di position must really pity him, and not him only, but his periwigged and phrenotogized children. No one can wonder, poor fellow I at his hostility to the science. It is certainly quite natural but still it is a sad pity he should have exposed his folly by publishing the flimsy and futile evidence oil which that hostility rests for, Sir, nliat docs his communication prove ' Why, first, thatT. R. is no Solomon, else he would never have married so hair-brained a wench, fur you may depend upon it, Phrenology only completed what had long been begun, and what, to a sagacious mind, must have been evident enough and, secondly, it furnishes a singular instance of the correctness of Phrenological observation. T. It 's wife was quite correct,'' when site found, by tire bumps on her husband's lie-id, that he had no love for tier for nothing but a total want of affection could have allowed him to hold up to public ridicule, the f itly of one holding so tender a relationship as tlmt of wife, and one whose very fault , by reason of that relationship, ought to be held sacred. What, Mr. Eititor, has Phrenology to do witli the madness of one of its advocates, unless it can lie shown that that madness is its h-gdimate result! Jmlice might as well he charged with falsehood, because a maniac takes upon him to w ield a sword w'hii h ' e calls by lier sacred name, and with it to tiny the innocent. I recommend T. R. to play no more upon the organs, for he produces nothing but discords there. But, after alt, I really hope your correspondent is debtor to his I iWgination for his facts. 0! that he would credit it with some of tlie e'rcnlatiny medium of the understanding. If lie be married, 1 shall be exceedingly glad to receive an invitation to dine with him. I have no doubt I should presently add to tlie number of my friends, tlie I -ill , if not Phreuol ajieal couple-Mr. and Mrs. T. R. But, Mr Editor, my principal object in addressing ttiis letter to you, was neither to sympathise with your correspondent, nor to expl icate an invitation irom hint lint to adduce some sound, phreno. logical facts-facts belonging to a species of evidence which has not hitherto, so Dir as I know, been much illustrated. I am a poor pedagogue. Sir, and a warm-hearted advocate for Phrenology. You are aware that one of the advantages of tlie science is said to be, the facility it affords to tlie right mining or children, according to their most prominent developments. 1 shall briefly illustrate tlie truth of this, by stating the advantages that have actually accrued from my adoption of Phrenological principles, and following thtir intimations with respect to the children under my care. It is said, the actions of children sufficiently denote what is their ruling faculty or predomi nant disposition but I deny that this is tlie case, except la instances ol very uncommon precocity. Tlie practice in all schools lias been to adopt, from first to last, thesameroutineof tuition in allcases, without attempting totllacover tin particular bias of I he mind, and irrespec tively of any diversity, even if it forced itself into view and parents tinve seldom consulted any tiring but their own whim, predilection, ambition, or caprice, in their children's lubin urut pursuits. Thus the energies of numberless minds have been wasted on tilings unbefitting and inappropriate while, if due attention had been paid to tlie par-titular character of ttieir developments, their munis migtit have risen tohigh eminence in someone particular department, undetected, is that department, no one can ealeulate w hat important and bene-li.-isl results. On the principles of Phrenoh gv. I have practised this mode or tuition, and 1 feel it a duty thus publicly to record the suc cesses, of which 1 gladly yield to Phrenology all tlie praise. Immediately on my becoming a conscientious disciple of Drs. tail and Spnnbeiin, I formed the idea, of carrying tlie principles of tlie science into the management of my school. I reflected on the pro. prk-tv of the measure for some time, during which my faith in Phrenology was daily strengthening and, at length, I mentioned my view s to tlie parents of tlie hoys, and, w ith their concurrence, deter-mined on making the experiment Just before the intervention of tlie li lidays made a convenient pause in tlie then existing arrangements of tlie school, 1 set apart a day for examining llie heads of my boys on Phrenological principles. 1 did not think it necessary to turn barber, and siiave all the liair off their heads, as did the deluded wife of your correspondent T. R. but t adopted tlie easier, and, for general purposes, the equally efficient mode of passing my hand over tlicir hairy scalps. I look dow n iqx. i isiper, tlie prominent Phreno logical de velopments of each, and during tbe vacation drew out an arrangement, by which the boys were to be placed in classes, and each class t named alter the particular department of leanring for which, according to my Phrenological observations, nature seemcd more especially to have adapted the Individuals who were to lilt its ranks. You may think, Sir, t was not a little anxious for ttie result of tlie ex. perimcn't however, the holidays passed over, and the time for tTying it arrived. 1 need not trouble you with tlie detail or every step in the progress of tlie experiment. Suffice it tosay, tt was not long before I had indubitable testimony to tlie truth of Phrenological principles, and to the utility of tlie arrangements to which I had subjected my school. Each hoy presently manifested a special aptness at receiving the particular instruction ofhis class, and rapidly rose to wlut would otherwise liavc appeared precocious attainments in that detriment. Many of them have since left school but in the choice of their pur suits, tlie character of their minds, and tlie discipline through which they had passed, were wisely consulted and their parents, without a single exception, have now the pleasure of witnessing their children's rapid and successful prosecution of tlieir respective callings and while they fret rationally assured ttiat present apjiearunces are the certain pledges of future eminence, ttiey gladly and gratefully ackuow. ledge that to Plirenotogy they are, and will be, indebted for it all. 1 wouldnot, Mr. Editor, tiaveyou or your readers imagine, that under ilie Phrenological arrangements of my school, all kinds of learning are in-elected by tlie boys, excepting ttiat branch to which tlie class they belong to is devoted-that w ere as impolitic as it would be ridiculous. To the general branches of education sufficient attention is paid, during certain hours of the day, to secure useful proficiency in them while, to llie exercises ol his class, during the remainder of the day, the attention of each boy is exclusively directed -thus the general purposes of education are secured, while the particular bias of the mind is consulted, and its character ultimately formed on tlie princi-ples of its original constitution. In my own family, the same course has been pursued, and with equal success Residing those of niv children who are now in situations, I am constantly receiving tlie most gratifying testimonies of tln-ir employers' apnrobalinn an l those who are stilt under niv Immediate care, are daily exhibiting the most pleasing proofs of the lra.li of Phrenological science. I bcgpardori, Air. Editor, for having trespassed so much upon your k - re. My communication hasextended much beyond my original I trust the interesting nature of the subject to me, at least, , wilt be an apology for me. I am, Sir, vour obedient servant, h e. 52,184T. PETER PEDAGOGUE. ur Correspondent expert the readers of this letter to give rrnlit •hi or. important fcctj in ftjwmvof I'hrciictogv as there, onthcau. ,Vf 'WVcringogueP'-. r, inch,,, .i, thvhricnemof T. u. L. tvunly V. merely e OlUfting ei a sportive imagination f VENTItll.OQUISM We cony the following front the Sheffield Cnurant of Saturday week. It is extracted from a very able piper on tbe Human Voice, read lately by Mr. Boultliee, to tlie mem hers of the Sheffield Literary and Philosophical Society. In addition to the elegance of style, by which this composition is distinguished, it contains some curious facts serving to ex plain that hitherto mysterious faculty, Ventriloquism, an art whose exercise produced extraordinary results in ancient times, and has been tlie source of much amusement in our own enlightened days -Imitative v.rice in man, has frequently been cultivated with most astonishing uc ws. We find persons capable ol simulating the notes of birds, the sounds of animals, and even personating the voice ol orators and public speakers. 'I he following inanimate sounds tiave been very closely m tated The noise produ -ed by sawing wood by the uncorking ut a bottle, i.n tlie decanting of its contents-tlie sound or air rushing into a loom through a crevice or otlier aperture-that of working a gun I Stone, with tlie rough attrition of the steel upon it-and tlie various chai ges caused by alteration of pressure, amt many others. Persons who have exercised the art of imitation in one of its forms have been called ventriloquists, or belly-speakers, from an idea once entertained ttiat tlie voice proceeded out of the stomacti. Among tie names of those celebrated for this art, we And, in the 10th century, Louis Hmbni-t, Valet de Chambie of Francis 1, of France . Since his time, Baron Mcngcu, Henderson, Garbutt, Matliews, Alexandre, e. have'distinguished themselves. Tlicir most mysterious power is ttiat of deluding those they address into the belief that the sound comes from a point at a considerable distance from the person of tlie speaker. Of the first mentioned individual it is related, ttiat being denied the hand of a young w oman of fortune and station, much above his own, by tier father, he renewed his addresses after the death of tlie latter and w hen in tlie presence of the lady and her mother, imitated tlie deceased's voice, w hich seemed to come from the ceiling of the apart ment. With cries ami groans lie imputed his aggravated tortures in purgatory to the refusal or ills daughter to Louis Brabant, and con jured her, if e'er she did her poor father love,'' to marry I tie sold Louis forthwith which, in suitable horror, consternation, and filial piety she did. It appeam tlmt there are several modes in which varieties of voice maybe produced.-1st. By speaking during inspiration tmtead of, as usual, during expiration The voice so produced is more feeble than onlirarv for tlie ear does not directly receive the sonorous undula tions as before and whilst we are looking wlience tlie s jurat comes the spoakt r us s means to direct our attention -Jrally. By speaking in a more grave or acute pitch than usual, by tightening or relaxing the vi c.d ligaments, and also by contracting tlie mouth in a greater or less degree, nuy motion in which it is necessary to avoid, and from practice a person may acquire tlie pow er of producing all, exempt the .Inal articulations, without it and of these tlie F V ami M may he imitated bv the posterior parts of the mouth so that visible move ment of tlie lips can he avoided by using words in w liich B and I do not occur -3rdly. Sounds may be rendered much deeper, and appa rently more distant, by depressing tlie larynx. Tlie tongue, also, may be thrown back with its points resting against its palate, so as to force the sonorous undulations, in a great measure, through tlie nose. -Itlily. Great power in the muscles, and much flexibility in the larynx and organs of speech are requisite. In all case it is necessary for the ventrih iquist to direct our w filing imaginations. But however well formed the larynx may be for tlie production of variety in sound, and however perfectly this may be accompanied by flexibility of tlie organs of speech, tlie skilful imitator has much to learn. lie must be acquainted w ith relative sounds for a tlie eye, by long practice only, is enabled correctly to judge of distance, in objects, from tlicir relative size-so dees tlie ear, by continued use, become tutored to tlie strict nicety in sounds at various distances. Who, in his younger days, on first seeing represented, by a magic lantern, the little figure rising into gigantic stature, has not felt dread at his apparent hasty approach ! Aral whb, on first looking through a telescope, lias not stretched forth his hand to toucli tlie distant object? And in maturer years, lias not the small fly, suddenly crossing our vision, appeared an enormous bird! Thus our mental scale of size aud distance may, by various illusions, be made to deceive, so may w e suppose the ear, equally nice in its judgment, liable to have that very nicety, which is the foundation of a mental scale of peculiar auditory impressions and distance of sound, also imposed upon, provided any art can discover and produce tlie requisite modifications. And herein consists tlie art and science of tlie ventriloquist for as the undulation in sound w hich readies our ears must necessarily vary w ith the distance it lias come, and as at any one point such variation w ill of itself be a specific sound, so tlie performer has to accommodate iris voice to that sound peculiar to tlie distance intended to be represented. Alexandre, who exhibited here some time ago, studied these peculiarities, by imitating a person's voice, as he spoke at intervals, receding above three humlred yards. He lias likewise sent a chimneysweeper up a chimney,w ith directions to speak down, at every two yards, until, by practice, lie could at length imitate the voice in its gradations so exactly, that persons in tlie room could not distinguish which was his, and which the boy's. But having acquired the lower of producing the varieties of sound, something more is wanted to perfect the illusion. It is necessary that the performer should fix tlie attention of his hearers to some point or direction w hence he intends the voice npimrenlly to issue and this was done by Alexandre with admirable dexterity, as he alternately asumed tlie character of listener and speaker, as we particularly remarked, when tlie voice appeared to come from tlie chimney, a trunk, through tlie door, and from a room beneatli by a trap-door. It were needless to dilate upon those infinite modifications of voice, which ire connected with tlie social and intellectual character of man. The relations in which the members of a cirilived and highly cultivated society stand to each other, are so numerous and diversi fied, Hi ,t it becomes no easy task to form a just estimate of tlie vocal organ. To w hat various purposes, both useful and delightful, is it not subservient! It is at once tlie medium of conveying to our minds tlie noblest thoughts, and the most exquisite pleasure. Do wc admire the wild and cle -rftil notes poured forth by tlie warldetx of the grove! These are greatly surpassed by the melody of man, whom we may justly style the prince of songsters. His voice far exceeds in compass and variety ofmodulatjon that orthe feathered trilies and when bodily suite ring, or chill and nipping penury do not wring from him u lies of woe. lie chants tlie greater part of his life in happy aud cheerful strains. There are few iiersons insensible to ttie ctiauns ol voice, and scarcely can any one be found whose soul is so totally devoid of music, that he does not occasionally give utterance to tlie buoyancy of tris spirits, by vocal modulations. The child hums away the careless hours-and manhood ltsell forgets its weary tolls in aittesssong. But when science anil art combine to jierfect the latter, of whit higher or more refined enjoyments is trie most cultivated mind suscepiiblc! while tie ravishes the ear with Iris music, at trie same time captivates tlie understanding, by giving utterance to thought his notes are not mere empty sounds. To w hatever tlie ricli imagination of tlie poet has embodied, or the pen of eloquence de picted, nuui enn impart still higher charms by his song and thus, by addressing at once tlie intellect and xissiuns, lead captive Iris willing listener. Voice i'self, wlien manipulated, forms a kind of natural languages and in this resjiect is highly important. Different animals are dis-lingui he 1 by peculiar and appropriate cries. Man likew ise expresses his feelings and emotions by differently modifying the intonation of voice, and every ail'eetion of tlie mind is characterized by a particular tone. Thus, anger uniformly manifests itself in loud, harsh, and hollow sounds. Mirlh anil joy are ex iressed in moderately loud, but sharp and brisk notes, with sudden transitions througli consider able intervals, passing rapidly from the grave to tlie acute, and generally ending with a high note. Slow, full, and measured tones are filled for devotion. Grief and compassion are expressed in low, sliding, and diminishing notes where the transitions are not sudden, nor by sharp turns, nor strongly contras ed intervals, tlie movement proceeding by single or lialf notes, and generally in tlie descending scale. Fear is expressed by low, m itilous, and uncertain tones. The sudden start of horror and angui.su, by tlie shriek and tlie lengthened scream. While ttie yell of mortal agony, which is extorted by instant and impending death, combines in it all tlmt is horrible. Exuliation and triumph are naturallycxpressed by loud and sustained shouts in a high key. Such are the hurmlis and cheers by which all nations, rude or civilized, give vent to their feelings of triumph, and drive terrorinto the hearts ot tlieir enemies. All these peculiarities of voice may be imitated by musical instruments, anil Cullins has admirably described them in his Ode to the Passions. Thus every emotion will be indicated by the tone of voice so that it forms a uatiinilflaiigunge, which is understood by all nations. Nor do I imagine it a less sure index of tlie soul than eitlier physiognomy or phrenology for whatever passH T! may be prominent in ail indi vidual, the habitual expression of it wilt at length give a tincture to the voice in general. Slmkspeare seemed aware of this, wliere King Lear, wlien enumerating tlie excellencies of Cordelia, says-Her voice was ever soft, Gentle, and low-an excellent thing in a woman. SELECTIONS. Oat of twelve gentlemen who started from this city aiuHth neighbourhood to the last Doncaster races, seven of them have since been transported for various periods. Nadi, one of the party who has resided at Summers Town for these last two or three years, has been transported for life, for picking a gentleman's pocket in London.-Oxford Herald. After tlie late action at Navarino, an Irishman, named Phelan, who was cook's mate of the Genoa, was observed to skip about the kitchen with the most ludicrous manifestation of joy. On being questioned, he shouted out, Och, by tlie powers I'm so glad the villains liav'nt spoilt tlie coppers-the devil a shot has touched them. It may not be generally known, that silk folded and put into a press and screwed down very hard, will, after remaining in it a few hours, be prettily watered, equal in every respect to what is effected by hot-pressing. Seed corn soaked in a solution of Glaubpr's salts, will vegetate quickly, and the salts will protect it against worms, fowls, and birds. This accidental discovery, it is said, has been fully tested. A gentleman lately dead, has left by will a sum of five hundred guineas to his wife, adding a clause, that she was not to have the benefit of it till after her death, in order that she might have where- withal to be buried in a comfortable manner. When M. de Latour-Maubourg had a leg shot off by a cannon bail, his servant began to weep! ''Why are you grieved V said the brave General to him dost thou not see you will have a boot less to clean V A Nondescript.-An American paper says, a black woman, walking on all-fours, possessing the agility of a monkey in climbing, conversing freely in Creole French, and having tire lower limbs vulgarly called legs of the ouraug-outang, is advertising for exhibition at New Orleans! Negroes.-Blumenbach gives us a most entertaining ac count of a little library which he possesses of works written by Negroes, from which it appears that there is not a single department of taste or science in which some Negro lias not distirgui-hed himself. A negro about to purchase a fish, visited a shop where several were exposed for sale tint suspecting that one, which ho intchiled to liny, was not altogether as fresh as lie could wish, ho presumed either to dissipate or confirm his suspicions by applying it to his nose. Tlie fishmonger, conscious that it would not bear much examination, and fearing that otlier customers might catch tlie scent, exclaimed in a surly tone-How dare you to smell my fish ? Me no smell, me only talking to him, mussa. And what were you talking to him about V Me ask him, massa, what tlie best news at sea ? And what reply did he make you ? Oh, massa, he say he know no news, as he have not been there these three week. One Sunday, two sailors being together in Stoke Church r,f which the Rev. John Hawker is curate, one of them asked iris messmate tiie meaning of the letters I.H.S. on tlie pulpit cloth. You fool, says the other, don't you see it stands for John Hawker, Stoke. This explanation quite satisfied Jack not so did the sermon, for the parson preached so long that dinner was spoiled,aud Jack vowed that he never would visit that church again. Some time afterwards, being at another port, he went to church, but lie had scarcely taken his seat when lie saw the letters I.H.S. on the pulpit-cloth Oh, ho says he, John Hawker, Stoke, here too-I've lost one dinner by hirruJ wont lose anotherand with these words he made a hast j #' the church, congratulat ing himself upon his lo.v r3 -orjin?.e. Tlie following cement is recommoded as perfectly effective for withstanding the combined cffei. f fire and water. Take any quantity of lime, recently prepared from calcined oyster shells, and mix to the consistence of paste with white of egg, and lay it immediately into the fissure, when it will soon consolidate to the hardness of stone. Like the Roman cement, if suffered to dry while using, it is quite insoluble again even by strong acid. Tlie following passage of Don Quixote hears a singular ap plication to the affair at Navarino. In the 38th chapter, the captive, relating his adventures, says- The year following I was at Navarino, rowing in tlie captain-galley, and there 1 saw and observed tlie opportunity that was then lost o taking the whole Turkish navy in port. For all the Levan tines and Janissaries, Egyptians and Turks on board took it for granted they should he attacked in the harbour, and had their baggage and their passamaques, or shoes, in readiness for running away immediately by land. But heaven ordered it otherwise, for tlie sins of Christendom, and because God permits and ordains, that there should always be some scourges to chastise us. New Rooking for Buildings.-A patent has been lately obtained for making a fire-proof roofing of thin cast iron plates, so as to lock into each other, and effectually carry off the rain. It is said, the cost of this roofing will not exceed one-third that of lead, and he equally durable. It isalso less weight per 100 square feet than a roof of the best thick slating, and much less liable to damage from violent gales of wind, and, therefore, peculiarly adapted to buildings of the larger class, both in safety and economy. A Pleasant Travelling Companion.-Two passengers set out in the Essex coach, from their inn, in London, on December morning. It was dark as pitch and one of them not being sleepy, and wishing for a little conversation, endeavoured, in the usual mode, to stimulate his neighbour to discourse. A very dark morning,Sir Shocking cold weather for travelling Slow going in these heavy roads, Sir. None of these observations producing any answer, the sociable man made one more effort. He stretched out his hand, and feeling tlie other's garment, exclaimed, What a very comfortable coat, Sir, you have got to travel in! No answer was made and the inquirer, fatigued and disgusted, fell into a sound nap, nor awoke till the brightest rays of a winter's sun accounted to him for tlie taciturnity of hi3 companion, by presenting to his view a huge bear luckily for him, muzzled and confined , in a sitting posture, which was conveying to a country fair for exhibition. Alteration in the Climate of England.-Tlmt the cli mate of this country has undergone a considerable change within these last hundred years, is allowed by all who have considered the subject, and nothing furnishes a more con vinciug proof of this than the history of the vine. Previous to the reign of Henry VIII. every abbey and monastery had its vineyard. In tlie rent rolls of churcli property, in those days, and long afterwards, it appears considerable quantities of grapes were paid as tithes, and the vestiges of some of those vineyards remains to this day. They were usually placed on the south side of the hill, in a light dry soil, having the sur-facecovered with sand, the vines being trained near the ground. But witli such inclement and changeable springs and long protracted winters as have been experienced of late, even such frost as is seen at the moment I am writing 24th of April , vines as standards in the open air would be destroyed, or at least no dependence could be placed upon them for a crop. But vineyards in this country could neither be so profitable, nor are they so necessary as they were in those days inter national intercourse is now more open, and corporations, whether religious or civil, can be supplied with grapes in any shape, and tlieir precious juice in any quantity, at a cheaper rate than even home grown, or home made. In their culti vation in this country, practitioners are more likely to err in planting them in too rich than too poor a soil the first adds too much to their natural luxuriance of growth, and always reduces the flavour of the fruit. Prevention of Colds.-At this inclement season, hardly a single person escapes what is called a cold, aud but few so afflicted know how to treat it. The following advice is that given by tlie late Dr. Beddoes, in his instructions -It stiouid be recollected, that a cold is occasioned either by a sudden change from cold to heat, or from heat to cold but more frequently by the former. - When a cold, attended with a cough, is fastened upon a person, what is proper to be done ? This ought generally to be known, as the poor cannot afford, and others at first will seldom take tlie pains to seek advice. It is not right, then, in the begin ning of a cold, to make tlie room where you sit warmer than usual, to increase the quantity of bed-clothes, to wrap your self in flannel, or to drink large draughts of piping riot bar ley-water, boiled up with raisins, figs, liquorice-root, and tlie like. This is the right way to make the disorder worse.-Perhaps there would be hardly such a thing as a bad cold, if people, when they .find it coming on, were to keep cool, to avoid wine and strong drinks, and to confine themselves for a short time to a simple diet, as potatoes and other vegetables, with toast and water. I liave known instances of heat in the nostrils, difficulty of breathing, with a short tickling cough, and other symptoms, threatening a violent cold, go off t ntirely in consequence of this plan being pursued. I have found the pulse to beat from 12 to 20 strokes in a minute less, after a person at the onset of a cold had continued quiet three quarters of an hour in a cool room. It is not only warmth, suddenly applied, ttiat will throw any part of the body, after it lias been starved or benumbed, into violent action, and bring on inflammation strong liquors will do the same. Suicides in France.-In a report of the Council of Health Gazette de Sante, Dec. 5 , appears an account of the suicides committed in Paris in 1820. The minfoi amounts to 511. The principal causes, from tlie inquirleaW.the commissioners, appear to be love, domestic chagrins, misery, diseases, mad ness, derangement of affairs, and, lastly, gaming. Of these 5 1 suicides, 417 only have known causes and ofthese417, 69 are attributed to t he lottery and to gaming, forming almost a quarter of tlie whole, when it is considered that the domestic chagrins, and tiie derangement of affairs mentioned among tlie erases of a great number of suicides, ought in part to be attributed to play. With regard to tlie 04, the causes of which are not precisely mentioned, there is reason to believe that gaming may be assigned as the origin of many, for, generally speaking, gamblers keep tlieir way of life secret, and dare not communicate to their families the subject of their distresses most oftentimes, abo, despair seizes them unawares and suddenly, which is tiie reason that tlieir relations and neigbliours are not aware of t ie cause of It.-French paper. Amirican Bouncers.-A late miinber of an American paper, says-Yesterday we observed an immense flock of blackbirds, extending more than half a mile in length, and some rods in breadth. Tlieir direction was south, making a noise witli their wings almost deafening. They seemed to proceed in their course with tlie utmost regularity, having every appearance of being conducted by a leader. There were numbers of them skirting tlie main body, and apparently acting as flank guards. There must have been some tens of thousands of them.-A few days ago a Canadian woman, at Chambly, while making an omelet for some persons who were to breakfast witli her, opened an egg for the purpose, and, tQ her surprise, found it contained a live snake, about two inches in length, and resembling, in almost every par ticular, the common grass-snake, with the exception of the head being unusually large and flat. When liberated, it crawled about in the frying-pan With mucii alacrity. Several of the neighbours were witnesses of the fact. The hen that laid the egg was immediately killed, and a number of soft eggs were taken out of her, each of which, on being broken, was found to contain a snake, in size and perfection propor tioned to the egg which contained it Sagacity of Rats.-We are personally assured liv a re spectable gentleman, that the following is strictly and literally rue -Some time ago, an out-house belonging to a gentleman in tlie neighbourhood of Oswestry was very mueli infested witli rats at a distance of fcbout 80 yards from the building, constant stream of water passes, and it lias been observed that this species of vermin are fond of a damp or wet situation. Either by age or accident, one of tlie fraternity was entirety-blind and to show the wonderful sagacity of the animals, one of its companions actually carried a piece of straw several inches long in its mouth, and, placing one end of it in the mouth of its blind companion, led it to tlie stream of water, distance of some yards, by the other end of the straw! Whether this was its usual manner or not, tlie person who witnessed tl.e fact had not an opportunity of observing.-Slreicshury Chronicle, LOCAL AMD PROVINCIAL NEWS. Continued ,R m the third page. J Hum. Police.-The following liave been committed to tlie Gaol of this town, since our last - John Dayre, for stealing beef, the property of Mr. Wm. Anfield and Mary Brownand Thomas Crosby, for stealing a pair of shoes, tlie property of Robert Lenham. Scclcoatks Police.-On Monday tiie sitting Magistrates were Jonas Brown, Esq ami the Rev J. Gtlby. The following arsons have been committed from the Public Hall since ourlast -.-John Carr, an Irishman, charged wi,h having, on the night of Tuesday week, stolen a lend pump, from the premises of the late Mr. Omblcr, of Camerton Jane Denman was sent to the sessions for trial, ns an in-corrigible rogue. She is an old offender, having been a source of annoyance for upwards of thirty years, in the course of winch period she has been committed and passed to her settlement times out of number Henry Doughty was committed on a charge of stealing a quantity of oats and beans, in February last, the property ol his mas-ter, J. K. Watson, F.sq. nomas Lister, farrier, at Beverley, charged with receivingtlie property, has given bail to appear at tlie sessions -John llai erson, charged w ith stealing a sheep, near Pauli, was further examined on Saturday week, at Beverley, and fully committed for trial. Wc gave tlie details last week. The following committals to the House of Correction at Beverley, in addition to those from Scuicoates Hall, liave taken place since our last -Francis Cutts, charged with entering the plantations of Chas. Grimston, Esq. at Kilnwick, with intent illegally to destroy game, on the night of tlie 20th Dec. last. Wm. Brown, charged with violently assault ing Wm. Clayton, of Kelfield, in the East-Ridiitg, he being in the due execution of Iris office as constable for trial at the next sessions. John Creaper and Wm. Pease, for deserting their wives and families the former to be imprisoned one calendar month, and the latter.seven days, each to hard labour. Mary Allanson and Elizabeth Brown, disorderly ser vants the former one month, the latter 14 days to hard labour. Henry Ward and Wm. Armstrong, for disobeying orders of bastardy, to be imprisoned three months to hard labour. John Foster, for vagrancy, to be imprisoned three calendar months Jacob Johnson, for vagrancy, one calendar month, and John Broadburn, for vagrancy, 14 days, each to hard labour. Lately, a labourer, called Edward Banks, in the employ of Mr. Wheatley, farmer, Garton, while oiling a thrashing machine, unfortunately got his right hand entangled. Mr. Harwood, surgeon, of Driffield, was called in, who, on exa mination, found tlie fractures and laceration soextensive, that lie deemed immediate amputation necessary. Tlie patient is now doing well. Committed to York Casti.e.-Joseph Bentley, of Cleck-heaton, charged with being concerned, along witli J. Selioles, J. Bentley, J. Brooke, S. Smith, and others yet unknown, in tlie wilful murder of U. Wortnersley, on the night of tiie 30th Nov. Matthew Appleyard, of Denby, for breaking into the warehouse of Joshua Moxon, at Denby aforesaid, and stealing therefrom a quantity of goods, his property. Joseph Hud son, charged with robbing the simp of Mrs. Wood, pawnbroker, of seven watches and otlier articles. Tlie prisoner was ap prehended shortly after the robbery, with four of the watches concealed in his hat. Yorkshire Musical Festival.-At the periodical meeting of the festival committee, held on Wednesday, Mr. Price, of Ciementhorpe, and Mr. John Woodall, jun. of Scarbro', were added to tlie committee. Mr. Davies was appointed tlie treasurer. Mr. Camidge, Dr. Camidge, Mr. White, and Mr. P. Knapton, were appointed assistant conductors. Doctor Camidge was engaged as tlie organist. Various resolutions were passed relative to the engagement of vocal and instru mental performers. The orchestra in the Festival Concert Room is to be re-constructed the present one being extremely inconvenient, and indeed dangerous , and the room itself will he better ventilated. Arrangements are making to get up a series of concerts, at York, under tbe management of Dr. Camidge, and Mr. P Knapton. York minster was much crowded on the afternoon of Cliristmas-Day the light-fingered gentry took advantage of this circumstance, to rob a gentleman of a gold watch-key and seals one of the vergers was also plundered of a pair of silver-mounted spectacles. At the Guildhall, York, on Saturday week, an information was laid against a person named Parker, for leaving a heap of dirt in Coney-street, by which the Hull mail was overturned on the preceding Thursday evening. It appeared a man had been placed at the spot to watch, but had gone home to his supper. Parker was ordered to pay the expense of the damage done to the coach £1 14s. 6d. , a fine of 5s., and the costs. The following stale trick, which has been repeatedly at tempted and hut too frequently succeeded , at every horse fair in England, was last week played off at the Christmas show at York. A party of sharpers met with a green-horn, from the neighbourhood of Tliirsk, offering for sale a horse at the price of £25. One of the party offered him £23, which he refused-another offered to exchange with liim-and a third offered £24 for the horse he was to receive in exchange. Tiie exchange took place, but when he looked round for tlie man that offered him £24, he had decamped, and left the farmer to the jest and ridicule of the party. He was advised to make tiie lieat of the horse he had received, and in the end sold him for £9. Arrangements are making for a new mail coach, to com mence running on the 5th instant, to carry four inside and four outside passengers, to leave Leeds daily for Halifax, about half-past five, or as soon after tlie arrival oftlie London mail, as may be convenient. Among the list of gentlemen, to whom his Majesty has granted the dignity of Baronet, is tlie Honourable Edward Mannaduke Vavasour, of Haslewood, in the county of York, brother of the Right Hon. Lord Stourton. Lord Wharncliffe lias presented the Rev. James Flowerdew with tlie livings of Essie and Nevy vacant by the translation of the Rev. James Miller. A JLoving Thief.-Yesterday week, the following ca iffte r c ttarheto. HULL CORN MARKET. Monday, December i . Our market, being hold ofl'our regular day, h s Ixyn but thinly with either buyer or Roller but anything offering in wheats wn ion it-i far greater proportion being of damp Wi fo bu the condition was taken of! by the millers freely at lust week's P r ij , '-' s ing quality w. u no alteration in old foreign. Oats and beans are both With at our last currency uui-iauim ■■■ out luiv u. t ara - - -out .alteration in value, and the demand for both continues very limited. The principal supply of barley has been from this neighbourhood alul Lincolnshire, which only meets a slow sale at our late quotations. In old r 'rinding parcels no alteration. K rjK sced is comparatively confined to few lands, and held firmly at our quotations. Linseed in limited demand at late price . . rr?H Ms .Vs . tls IMs . 5 's .Ms ofis Rapcsccd, to- Last in Rorwi vtme I itto, duty lbs a JM 'Os Linseed l Q i?.rti r r ri .'Sis Ifajie Cake , V i'on 1 15 . a 5 Os Linseed Cakes 10 Os Ditto, Foreign SI Os s bis Duties on Grain imported before 1st Jnlu. Wheat Harley ~-Heans., 1 0.18 Oats I Os Kd 15s Id 5s i I , 'H mi i is t Wheat, old Ditto, new Ditto,bushels, ,C0 17s. hi. Rye, nmu' Beans, s or 5 bushels, 4J2 2s. Od. Pea , 10 qrs. 0 bushels, C2 8s. Al. The above Return of British Corn only, is computed by the Imperial Measure, agreeably to the 7th and 8th ?co. IV. cap. 58. WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET. Friday, December 28. There is a good supply of wheat for this day's market as also a consiflcr-able quantity of barley and beans. In consequence of the holidays, we have a thin attendance of buyers. Wheat sells heavily at the rates of last week and barley likewise rules dull, but no less prices are taken. Beans have again receded Is. per quarter, and any thing exrq the dryest pared are difficult fo quit. Oats and shelling remain flic same in value, and the de mand still limited. No variation in other articles. Wheat, Suffolk and Norfolk, old, 55s to Ste-New, .Vta to flfis-Boston artd Wisliech, .Vis to 51s-new, 47s to .Vis-Yorkshire, old, 55s to Vis new lfis to 50 -Foreign, 48s to 52s qr. ofi'iOfo. Barley, Suffolk and Norfolk, new, . t2s to Vte-Fine, 85s-Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, 2S s to 31s-Foreign Malting, Ol to uOs-Grinding, I . 30s yy qr. imperial Beans, English, 51 s to 2 -New, 42s to 45 - Egyptian, 4 Is to 15s quarter of Ittlb. Oats, Potatoe and Poland, 32s to 3U fo- ur. imj on l-Mealing, English new, I Id to 12fd-Foreign new, II jd to l2 d-Riga and ArciwugcL 1.3d T stone. Shelling, new, 28s to 30s load. Malt, 44b to 12s-fine, 00s if load. Flour, 40s. to 42s. per sack. Rapcseed, English, £23, £21-Foreign,.£22 £25 last. Rape Cake, £5-Linseed Cake, £10. Arrivals.-Wheat, 5f537 qrs. Oats, 431 Bariev, 0014 Beans, 1571 Peas,97 Rapcseed, - Malt, 172 .'footling, 245 load.-, Hour, o bags Tares, 00 qrs. Linseed, 00 qrs. Rye, 001 qrs. CORN-EXCHANGE, MARK LANE. Friday, Dec. 28.-Our market, generally, has been very dull since Mon day, and wheat scarcely sells on so good terms, owing to the very large arrival of flour coast ways-upwards of IL000 sacks. Barley also is somewhat lower, in consequence of the largeness of tlie supply and beans and iieas scarcely sell on so good terms. In oats tl ere is very little business doing, hut we can scarcely call them cheajier. In other articles no variation worth notice. CURRENT PRICES OP OQAI.V, PER QUARTER. i oi ljefore the magistrates at our Court-House Leeds Mftry Ratty ftbley stated that she was a widow, and resided ii e at a small hou in Vienna-street, in this town. On the 15th ult. she was returning home from transacting some business in the town, when the prisoner, William Wood, came up to her and asked her whether §he was married, as he was in search of wife. Mrs. Riley asked him his name, trade, ami address, c. which he refuted to tell her. He walked with her as far as Quarry-Hill, where Mrs. Riley, not being quite atisfied with her strange suitor, went into a friend's house, and remained there some time. When she had gone about one hundred yards from the house, she was again joined by the prisoner, who renewed his suit with encreased vigour. They arrived afterwards at her house about nine o'clock. Ward went in and sat down, wliere he remained till five o'clock the next morning. On that day Mrs. Riley received informa tion that her mother was unwell, and on the following morning went to Huddersfield to see her. She returned home on Saturday week, and found Ward in the house she locked the door and kept him there till a constable was sent for and he was apprehended. On examination it was disco vered that lie had a pair of her late husband's shoes on his feet, •fore pawned a green silk scarf, and some otlier wearing iflfkrel belonging to Mrs. Riley. He was committed for trial'at tqe'next sessions.-Eteds Intelligencer. Church KWHIddism.-Mr. Mark Robinson, wlio has been in this town during last week, has been making a proposition to the clergy of this parish to add to the present system of the establishment, that of Church methodism. Twb meetings of the clergy were held last week, when Mr. Robinson bad the opportunity of stating his plan of proceeding. We under stand his communication met with a kind reception, but we have not heard even the substance of Iris address. If the plan lie now proposes be sometiiing like what lias been adopted at other places, we can give our readers an outline of it. Preachers are employed by the clergy, with salary of pAhaps £50 per annum, which is paid by tlie churchwardens out of the parish rates. It is their duty to meet the classes, renew the tickets quarterly, to receive the contributions of tlie members, and pay the proceeds into the hands of the church wardens, to hold love-feasts, to preach in places where there is not sufficient church accommodation, and at such times as will not interfere with the regular service of the establish ment. All the members will of course have the rites of lmp-tism, burial, kc. performed at the parish chinch, and they will he regular communicants at the altar oftlie Church of England. - Leeds Intelligencer, At the collegiate and parish church of Manchester, on Sun day week, no fewer than two hundred and thirty-six couples challenged the whole race of political economists to shew ' cause or just impediment why they should not respectively be lawfully joined together in holy matrimony. Bad as times are, our working classes, it would appear, will fiot be deterred by population theories, from following the bent of their inclinations. The Richmond Forest Yeomanry Cavalry, and the Craven Legion are now disbanded, and Lord Grantham and Lord Wharncliflfe's corps are retained. In both cases, the order, it is sitid, came directly from the Marquis of Lansdowne. On Friday week, a little boy, the son of Mr. Stephen Smith, ofWoodhouse, near Keighley, when .returning from school, was blown into the Sun Beck, and drow ned. It is said, tl £ engineer at Mr. Warner's factory at Lough borough, Leicestershire, has made a discovery which doubles the pow er of the steam engine and that he has been ottered £1000 for the secret. Oil Tuesday week, a meeting of more than 100 coach-pro prietors, was held at Leicester, and by adjournment, on Thursday week, at Market Harborough. The object of this meeting, was, we understand, to make a general regulation of coach fares, and to do away with that opposition which leads to furious driving, and frequently occasions the loss of life. We have likew ise heard that the question of steam-coaches was discussed. WHEAT. 8. S. 8. 8. Ditto, fine.- 50 Jl.51 New IK M White - in i 4 line , , M w RYU. Rye 30, 35 Tick, new t.i baiilby. Barley 2 30 OATS. MALT. Malt 50 41 Poland yq PEAS. Peas. Hoe 40 41 Potatoe ?7 1H General Average Price of Corn, per quarter, for the week ending Dec. IJ. IMPERIAL MEASURE. Rve .32ri ful I Keans r -~- -W Barley.., ... 408 lid Peas r - rr m-.lOd PRICE OF FLOUR IN LONDON. Per sacks delivered. Per sack on board ships. Town-made 45 to 50 I Essex ami Suffolk 38s to 4.1 Ditto Seconds 40s to 45s Norfolk and Stockton ... .35s to Ilfs Per qr Bran..! to 10s Fine Pollard.. 18 to22 . PRICE OF HOPS IN THE BOROUGH. Cud.-D ce aber 8 l POCKETS. Famham, fine £7 10 a £8 8 , seconds 0 0 7 0 Kent 4 4 -. 6 0 Sussex - 3 IS - 4 10 Essex 4 0 5 0 Kent Sussex . Essex BAGS. £3 12 a £5 0 3 3_ 3 15 3 10 there appeared to be a great nuinlier ol buyers of coflbe to a considerable extent, but the Oder they tendered were at prices below our last quoted prices tlie consequence is, no purchases are reported to have been effected. TALLOW.-Toward, the close of the lint week the tallow market enn-inucd to improve both in demand and price this morning tlie market U not so brisk, but there is not as yet any variation reported in the rurrenev The stock, in Ixindon, at present, consists of 3B,tlz casks the weekly di livery may lie quoted at 1, U! casks, at 3.Sr. cwt. OILS.-In oris there is not any material variation. COTTON.-In tlie cotton marked there is no alteration the sales for ri'e 'vwk eioliiia lasUiiftht Inclusive, are too inconsiderable tobe emimnatial I- Kl 1 11.- The latest sates of fruit are reported to he to some extent. Keel Smtma raisins at 47s. . lcntia ditto, held at 53s. In other descriptions of fruit there is no material alteration. SPIRITS-As is customary durloR Christmas week.but very little timi. ness ot any sort has been done iu Mincing-Lone, ami prices may be quoted nominally about the same as our last. A safe of alx.ut 100 puncheons of Upwards ha been submitted to at nearly a jicnny l gallon below the cur. rency, .and which is the only one, of any consequence, reported. Proof-and two t rent overproof, is. kl. to its. Id. l our to rise per cent, ditto, ottto, 28. ad. to 2s. Od. In Jamaica, although not much business doing prices continue firm. i AND WINES.-Tho demand of late for the home trade has been very considerable, but with little or no variation in prices. FROM TUESDAY NIGHTS GAZETTE, BANKRUPTS. Vm. Kendrick, Daventry-Northamptonshirc, grocer. Wm. Poyntor Lamb' Conduit-street, roestawkur. YV. Addison .am! J. Wren, Man chester, drapers. J. Bottolulev, WtJJikey, Yorkshire, clothidk T. Hoeik'H .Manchester, cordwaincr. J. B. Taylor, sen, and J. B. Tayltr, jun. ork port, Chester, iron founders. niviDENna W. Couplaml and YV. B. Colton, Liverpool, merchants, Jan. 19, at nn£ at the tieorge Inn, Liverpool C. Pashelfer ami J. Pasliollor, Huntingdon' bankers, Jan. 10, at eleven, at the George Inn, Huntingdon. BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED. P. M. Griffith, Birmingham, jeweller. FRIDAY'S G IZETTE. BANKRUPTS. P. Hod son, Coburg-place, Borough-road, glassfban. f. Haley. Bnunlcy. Leeds, wwllefocIothtHanufACtwrer. J. Horsley, R O. Hill, Bilfitcr-squarc, merchant . YV. Mardall, YVater-tone- braudy-merchant. John Monk-house, Camberwell, tavern-keeper. J. HamLaU, Kentish-tuwn, auctioneer. 8. Ihompson, Leighton Bussartl, Bedfordshire, str.aw-plat dealer. YV. War cup, 1 toil ford, Kent, j atent washing-nuchine-maitMfacturer. R. Parry, Uuthin, Denbighshire, linen-draper. BANKRUPTCIES ENLARGED. YV. H. Cooper, Canon-row, Westminster, dealer iu Homan cement. YV. Jussupfjun. Broad-street, Hatcliff, victualler. BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED. YV. B. Harrison, Manchester, cotton-dealer. DIVIDEND. R. Cook and R. Sutton, Barton-upon.Humber,Lincolnshire, corn-factors Jan. IU, at twelve, at the Kingston Hotel, Kingston-upon-HuU PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED J. Atkinson, jun.,A. EUam, and J. Kirk, Bradley Mills, Dalton. York shire, wood-cutters. B. Butterworth, G. Mailman, and E. Johuioo of Huddersfield, Yorkshire, merchants. CERTIFICATES-Jan. IS. M. Heaton, Royd's House, Haworth, Yorkshire, worsfed-spinner. J Muitimlalo, of Chester-le.Street, farmer. II. and T. Weal herald, of kirkoy Malzcard, Y'orkshire, llax-spinners. insolvents. J. Buttivant, Applodore, near hidtford, Devonshire, merchant. J. YVal. tors, Cwm-Corwg-House, near Newport, Monmouthshire, retail-brewer. 4 HULL Printed and Published bv and for the Proprietor T. TOPPING, OPPOSITE THE CHURCH-YAIID, LOWGATK. following Agents Barton, Hill. Beverley, Turner. Johnson Scaimi Bridlington, Furby Hrigg, Richardson Caistor, Nainby Grimsby, Skelton Gainsborough, Drury Driitic-ld, Turner laeds, Heaton Jneofn, Drury .iverjmol, Willmer Louth, J. J. Jackson And by all the Booksellers in fhe Lincolnshire Malton, Smithson, jun. Manchester, Forrest Newark, Bulge Newcastle, Walker Pontefract, Kfeock Scarbro', Mrs. Ainsworth Selby, Galpine Sheffield, Ridge Shields, Peart, Stockton, Milo Whitby, Kirby trincipal Towns In Yorkshire and 5ft LA
[OCR_aligned] 4 1 0 El' It Y. WANTED-A WIFE. @@@, sought alt England through and through, • Motlg dam@n of hlgtt degree @@Will hundred pretty maids, .'•it not one made for me! i . ? iss Seraj4 ina was a nymph I @bought lieyorvl compare @Jack@! one day-unseen-I heard My Seraphima swear@! @Fd thrown sheep's eyes at her, because I took her for a lunb l'is true, 1 liked her breeding well. Hut did'nt like her d ! 1 quitted her for Fanny Bloom, v How sweetly she could sing@! but she had two strings to her bow, Anti two beaux to her string@! Next blue eyed Emily l sought. With flaxen tresses flowing Vet oh@! 1 saw those lovely eyes In angry passion glowing. She struck her maid-she might strike me Mv visits thence tlid cease Quoth 1- It is not every hand i hat bears the palm of peace. An angel, Isabel they called j l'is true she is a bell. Who hath a clapper rings for aye, That soon would ring my knell@! Rich widows, too. I've tried in vain, Relicts of golden calves@! They all were wives of honest men. Rut not their better halves@! There was Widow WArren, fair to view, Of presence quite commanding Tut oh ! she had a Wooden leg, And a weakly understanding@! A bachelor I am, my friends may laugh, No Benedict thej ffi Hurt me Free as the air I'll live And die. If 1 leave no heir behind me@! I'm not of those the Fancy styled. Whom loves to sing So my matches and engagements shall lie all without the ring! f pa k n -e. A inTiitioH. hilere lit'o T'i the Editor of the Hull Packet and llnmbcr Mercury. @Mr-'When any new system or scien@eeComes out into the world, w ith high pretensions to importance and utility, unless it be@supported bv facts, observation, or experiment, it deserves only to be ridiculed and then to he forgotten. Hut when this species of evidence is gra-@tuitously adduced in support of the principle, it seeks to establish ■ and when the truth of those principles is freely and fairly staked upon the validity of@tliiseviden.ee, then it becomesthe duty of every candid individual to examine impartially into the merits of the ease as far as Iris opportunities will allow him, and only to atrord his assent so far as it is ho@me out by substantial proofs@ If tbe system that solicits that assent appear, after such an investigation, to be destitute alto, cottier of tlieevidonce upon which its claims are professedly founded, or even if it appear to tie ill, or accidentally supported by it, then, of course, lie i@mperfectly justifiable, not only in withholding thorn it his own individual support, but in endeavouring, by argument or ridicule, to prevent its gaining further hold of the minds of others. There are some people who are ever crying out against innovation. Whenever a@novel doctrine is presented to their notice, their antiyuarian prejudices immediately take tlie alarm, and ttiey at once stigmatize it as absurd, without ever investigating the arguments by which it is supported, or tlie evidence upon which it rests. They tell us@it@carries falsehood on its very face, or it can never benefit society, or it will corrupt the public morals, or it tends to materialism and thus ttiey presume to censure and condemn what ttiey know nothing at all about. I grant it is very necessary to exercise caution in examining the evidence of any new system, lest, by too hasty a proceedure, we should admit as valid evidence, what may be only the result of casual coincidence, or superficial analogy but then it is equally necessary, on the other hand, that we take care not to reject a whole set of prin@ ciples, on the ground of any apparent itisagreement that disagree, ment may be the mere modification of circumstances, and that unfavourable result@may be@only a practical abuse Cor what established principle is there whose proofs are not, in some way or other, dependent upon circumstances and wtiat righteous doctrine is there, which has not, at some time or other, been prostituted to vicious ends! But I must come to tlie gist of my communication. Your corres. pondent T. R ' is truly in a deplorable situation, and every one of humane di position must really pity him, and not him only, but his periwigged and phrenotogized children. No one can wonder, poor fellow I at his hostility to the science. It is certainly quite natural but still it is a sad pity he should have exposed his folly by publishing the flimsy and futile evidence oil which that hostility rests for, Sir, nliat docs his communication prove ' Why, first, that@T. R. is no Solomon, else he would never have married so hair-brained a wench, fur you may depend upon it, Phrenology only completed what had long been begun, and what, to a sagacious mind, must have been evident enough and, secondly, it furnishes a singular instance of the correctness of Phrenological observation. T. It 's wife was quite correct,'' when site found, by tire bumps on her husband's lie-id, that he had no love for tier for nothing but a total want of affection could have allowed him to hold up to public ridicule, the f itly of one holding so tender a relationship as tlmt of wife, and one whose very fault , by reason of that relationship, ought to be held sacred. What, Mr. Eititor, has Phrenology to do witli the madness of one of its advocates, unless it can lie shown that that madness is its h-g@dimate result@! J@mlice might as well he charged with falsehood, because a maniac takes upon him to w ield a sword w'hii h ' e calls by lier sacred name, and with it to tiny the innocent. I recommend T. R. to play no more upon the organs, for he produces nothing but discords there. But, after alt, I really hope your correspondent is debtor to his I iWgination for his facts. @0! that he would credit it with some of tlie e'rcnlatiny medium of the understanding. If lie be married, 1 shall be exceedingly glad to receive an invitation to dine with him. I have no doubt I should presently add to tlie number of my friends, tlie I -ill , if not Phreuol ajieal couple-Mr. and Mrs. T. R. But, Mr@ Editor, my principal object in addressing ttiis letter to you, was neither to sympathise with your correspondent, nor to expl icate an invitation irom hint lint to adduce some sound, phreno. logical facts-facts belonging to a species of evidence which has not hitherto, so Dir as I know, been much illustrated. I am a poor pedagogue. Sir, and a warm-hearted advocate for Phrenology. You are aware that one of the advantages of tlie science is said to be, the facility it affords to tlie right @@mining or children, according to their most prominent developments. 1 shall briefly illustrate tlie truth of this, by stating the advantages that have actually accrued from my adoption of Phrenological principles, and following thtir intimations with respect to the children under my care. It is said, the actions of children sufficiently denote what is their ruling faculty or predomi@ nant disposition but I deny that this is tlie case, except la instances ol very uncommon precocity. Tlie practice in all schools lias been to adopt, from first to last, the@same@routine@of tuition in all@cases, without attempting totllacover tin particular bias of I he mind, and irrespec@ tively of any diversity, even if it forced itself into view and parents tinve seldom consulted any tiring but their own whim, predilection, ambition, or caprice, in their children's lubin urut pursuits. Thus the energies of numberless minds have been wasted on tilings unbefitting and inappropriate while, if due attention had been paid to tlie par-@titular character of ttieir developments, their munis migtit have risen to@high eminence in some@one particular department, und@etected, is that department, no one can ealeulate w hat important and bene-li.-isl results. On the principles of Phrenoh gv. I have practised this mode or tuition, and 1 feel it a duty thus publicly to record the suc@ cesses, of which 1 gladly yield to Phrenology all tlie praise. Immediately on my becoming a conscientious disciple of Drs. tail and Spnnbeiin, I formed the idea, of carrying tlie principles of tlie science into the management of my school. I reflected on the pro. prk-tv of the measure for some time, during which my faith in Phrenology was@@ daily strengthening and, at length, I mentioned my view s to tlie parents of tlie hoys, and, w ith their concurrence, deter-@mined on making the experiment@ Just before the intervention of tlie li lidays made a convenient pause in tlie then existing arrangements of tlie school, 1 set apart a day for examining llie heads of my boys on Phrenological principles. 1 did not think it necessary to turn barber, and siiave all the liair off their heads, as did the deluded wife of your correspondent T. R. but t adopted tlie easier, and, for general purposes, the equally efficient mode of passing my hand over tlicir hairy scalps. I look dow n iqx. i isiper, tlie prominent Phreno@ logical de velopments of each, and during tbe vacation drew out an arrangement, by which the boys were to be placed in classes, and each class t named alter the particular department of leanring for which, according to my Phrenological observations, nature seemcd more especially to have adapted the Individuals who were to lilt its ranks. You may think, Sir, t was not a little anxious for ttie result of tlie ex. perimcn't however, the holidays passed over, and the time for tTying it arrived. 1 need not trouble you with tlie detail or every step in the progress of tlie experiment. Suffice it to@say, tt was not long before I had indubitable testimony to tlie truth of Phrenological principles, and to the utility of tlie arrangements to which I had subjected my school. Each hoy presently manifested a special aptness at receiving the particular instruction ofhis class, and rapidly rose to wlut would otherwise liavc appeared precocious attainments in that de@triment. Many of them have since left school but in the choice of their pur@ suits, tlie character of their minds, and tlie discipline through which they had passed, were wisely consulted and their parents, without a single exception, have now the pleasure of witnessing their children's rapid and successful prosecution of tlieir respective callings and while they fret rationally assured ttiat present apjiearunces are the certain pledges of future eminence, ttiey gladly and gratefully ackuow. ledge that to Plirenotogy they are, and will be, indebted for it all. 1 would@not, Mr. Editor, tiave@you or your readers imagine, that under ilie Phrenological arrangements of my school, all kinds of learning are in-elected by tlie boys, excepting ttiat branch to which tlie class they belong to is devoted-that w ere as impolitic as it would be ridiculous. To the general branches of education sufficient attention is paid, during certain hours of the day, to secure useful proficiency in them while, to llie exercises ol his class, during the remainder of the day@, the attention of each boy is exclusively directed -thus the general purposes of education are secured, while the particular bias of the mind is consulted, and its character ultimately formed on tlie princi-@ples of its original constitution. In my own family, the same course has been pursued, and with equal success Res@@iding those of niv children who are now in situations, I am constantly receiving tlie most gratifying testimonies of tln-ir employers' apnrobalinn an l those who are stilt under niv Immediate care, are daily exhibiting the most pleasing proofs of the lra.li of Phrenological science. I bcg@pardori, Air. Editor, for having trespassed so much upon your @@k - re. My communication has@extended much beyond my original I trust the interesting nature of the subject to me, at least, , wilt be an apology for me. I am, Sir, vour obedient servant, h e. 52,@184T. PETER PEDAGOGUE. ur Correspondent expert the readers of this letter to give rrnlit •hi or. important fcctj in ftjwmvof I'hrciictogv as there, onthcau. ,Vf 'WVcringogueP'-. r, inch,,, .i, thvhricnemof T. u. L. tvunly V. merely e OlUfting ei a sportive imagination f VENTItll.OQUISM We cony the following front the Sheffield Cnurant of Saturday week. It is extracted from a very able piper on tbe Human Voice, read lately by Mr. Boultliee, to tlie mem@ hers of the Sheffield Literary and Philosophical Society. In addition to the elegance of style, by which this composition is distinguished, it contains some curious facts serving to ex@ plain that hitherto mysterious faculty, Ventriloquism, an art whose exercise produced extraordinary results in ancient times, and has been tlie source of much amusement in our own enlightened days -Imitative v.rice in man, has frequently been cultivated with most astonishing @uc@ ws. We find persons capable ol simulating the notes of birds, the sounds of animals, and even personating the voice ol orators and public speakers. 'I he following inanimate sounds tiave been very closely @m tated@ The noise produ -ed by sawing wood by the uncorking ut a bottle, i.n tlie decanting of its contents-tlie sound or air rushing into a loom through a crevice or otlier aperture-that of working a g@un I Stone, with tlie rough attrition of the steel upon it-and tlie various chai ges caused by alteration of pressure, amt many others. Persons who have exercised the art of imitation in one of its forms have been called ventriloquists, or belly-speakers, from an idea once entertained ttiat tlie voice proceeded out of the stomacti. Among tie names of those celebrated for this art, we And, in the 10th century, Louis Hmbni-t, Valet de Chambie of Francis 1, of France . Since his time, Baron Mcngcu, Henderson, Garbutt, Matliews, Alexandre, e. have'distinguished themselves. Tlicir most mysterious power is ttiat of deluding those they address into the belief that the sound comes from a point at a considerable distance from the person of tlie speaker. Of the first mentioned individual it is related, ttiat being denied the hand of a young w oman of fortune and station, much above his own, by tier father, he renewed his addresses after the death of tlie latter and w hen in tlie presence of the lady and her mother, imitated tlie deceased's voice, w hich seemed to come from the ceiling of the apart@ ment. With cries ami groans lie imputed his aggravated tortures in purgatory to the refusal or ills daughter to Louis Brabant, and con@ jured her, if e'er she did her poor father love,'' to marry I tie sold Louis forthwith which, in suitable horror, consternation, and filial piety she did. It appea@m tlmt there are several modes in which varieties of voice may@be produced.-1st. By speaking during inspiration @tmtead of, as usual, during expiration@ The voice so produced is more feeble than onlirarv for tlie ear does not directly receive the sonorous undula@ tions as before and whilst we are looking wlience tlie s jurat comes the spoakt r us s means to direct our attention -Jrally. By speaking in a more grave or acute pitch than usual, by tightening or relaxing the vi c.d ligaments, and also by contracting tlie mouth in a greater or less degree, nuy motion in which it is necessary to avoid, and from practice a person may acquire tlie pow er of producing all, exempt the @.Inal articulations, without it and of these tlie F V ami M may he imitated bv the posterior parts of the mouth so that visible move@ ment of tlie lips can he avoided by using words in w liich B and I do not occur -3rdly. Sounds may be rendered much deeper, and appa@ rently more distant, by depressing tlie larynx. Tlie tongue, also, may be thrown back with its points resting against its palate, so as to force the sonorous undulations, in a great measure, through tlie nose. -Itlily. Great power in the muscles, and much flexibility in the larynx and organs of speech are requisite. In all case@ it is necessary for the ventrih iquist to direct our w filing imaginations. But however well formed the larynx may be for tlie production of variety in sound, and however perfectly this may be accompanied by flexibility of tlie organs of speech, tlie skilful imitator has much to learn. lie must be acquainted w ith relative sounds for a@ tlie eye, by long practice only, is enabled correctly to judge of distance, in objects, from tlicir relative size-so dees tlie ear, by continued use, become tutored to tlie strict nicety in sounds at various distances. Who, in his younger days, on first seeing represented, by a magic lantern, the little figure rising into gigantic stature, has not felt dread at his apparent hasty approach ! Aral whb, on first looking through a telescope, lias not stretched forth his hand to toucli tlie distant object@? And in maturer years, lias not the small fly, suddenly crossing our vision, appeared an enormous bird! Thus our mental scale of size aud distance may, by various illusions, be made to deceive, so may w e suppose the ear, equally nice in its judgment, liable to have that very nicety, which is the foundation of a mental scale of peculiar auditory impressions and distance of sound, also imposed upon, provided any art can discover and produce tlie requisite modifications. And herein consists tlie art and science of tlie ventriloquist for as the undulation in sound w hich readies our ears must necessarily vary w ith the distance it lias come, and as at any one point such variation w ill of itself be a specific sound, so tlie performer has to accommodate iris voice to that sound peculiar to tlie distance intended to be represented. Alexandre, who exhibited here some time ago, studied these peculiarities, by imitating a person's voice, as he spoke at intervals, receding above three humlred yards. He lias likewise sent a chimneysweeper up a chimney,w ith directions to speak down, at every two yards, until, by practice, lie could at length imitate the voice in its gradations so exactly, that persons in tlie room could not distinguish which was his, and which the boy's. But having acquired the lower of producing the varieties of sound, something more is wanted to perfect the illusion. It is necessary that the performer should fix tlie attention of his hearers to some point or direction w hence he intends the voice npimrenlly to issue and this was done by Alexandre with admirable dexterity, as he alternately a@sumed tlie character of listener and speaker, as we particularly remarked, when tlie voice appeared to come from tlie chimney, a trunk, through tlie door, and from a room beneatli by a trap-door. It were needless to dilate upon those infinite modifications of voice, which ire connected with tlie social and intellectual character of man. The relations in which the members of a cirilived and highly cultivated society stand to each other, are so numerous and diversi fied, Hi ,t it becomes no easy task to form a just estimate of tlie vocal organ. To w hat various purposes, both useful and delightful, is it not subservient! It is at once tlie medium of conveying to our minds tlie noblest thoughts, and the most exquisite pleasure. Do wc admire the wild and cle -rftil notes poured forth by tlie warldetx of the grove! These are greatly surpassed by the melody of man, whom we may justly style the prince of songsters. His voice far exceeds in compass and variety of@modulatjon that o@rthe feathered trilies and when bodily suite ring, or chill and nipping penury do not wring from him u lies of woe. lie chants tlie greater part of his life in happy aud cheerful strains. There are few iiersons insensible to ttie ctiauns ol voice, and scarcely can any one be found whose soul is so totally devoid of music, that he does not occasionally give utterance to tlie buoyancy of tris spirits, by vocal modulations. The child hums away the careless hours-and manhood ltsell forgets its weary tolls in aittess@song. But when science anil art combine to jierfect the latter, of whit higher or more refined enjoyments is trie most cultivated mind suscepiiblc! while tie ravishes the ear with Iris music, at trie same time captivates tlie understanding, by giving utterance to thought his notes are not mere empty sounds. To w hatever tlie ricli imagination of tlie poet has embodied, or the pen of eloquence de@ picted, nuui enn impart still higher charms by his song and thus, by addressing at once tlie intellect and xissiuns, lead captive Iris willing listener@. Voice i'self, wlien @ma@nipulated, forms a kind of natural languages and in this resjiect is highly important. Different animals are dis-lingui he 1 by peculiar and appropriate cries. Man likew ise expresses his feelings and emotions by differently modifying the intonation of voice, and every ail'eetion of tlie mind is characterized by a particular tone. Thus, anger uniformly manifests itself in loud, harsh, and hollow sounds. Mirlh anil joy are ex iressed in moderately loud, but sharp and brisk notes, with sudden transitions througli consider@ able intervals, passing rapidly from the grave to tlie acute, and generally ending with a high note. Slow, full, and measured tones are filled for devotion. Grief and compassion are expressed in low, sliding, and diminishing notes where the transitions are not sudden, nor by sharp turns, nor strongly contras ed intervals, tlie movement proceeding by single or lialf notes, and generally in tlie descending scale. Fear is expressed by low, m itilous, and uncertain tones. The sudden start of horror and angui.su, by tlie shriek and tlie lengthened scream. While ttie yell of mortal agony, which is extorted by instant and impending death, combines in it all tlmt is horrible. Exuliation and triumph are naturally@cxpressed by loud and sustained shouts in a high key. Such are the hurmlis and cheers by which all nations, rude or civilized, give vent to their feelings of triumph, and drive terror@into the hearts ot tlieir enemies. All these peculiarities of voice may be imitated by musical instruments, anil Cullins has admirably described them in his Ode to the Passions. Thus every emotion will be indicated by the tone of voice so that it forms a uatiinilflaiigunge, which is understood by all nations. Nor do I imagine it a less sure index of tlie soul than eitlier physiognomy or phrenology for whatever passH T! may be prominent in ail indi@ vidual, the habitual expression of it wilt at length give a tincture to the voice in general. Slmkspeare seemed aware of this, wliere King Lear, wlien enumerating tlie excellencies of Cordelia, says-@Her voice was ever soft, Gentle, and low-an excellent thing in a woman. SELECTIONS. Oat of twelve gentlemen who started from this city a@iuHth neighbourhood to the last Doncaster races, seven of them have since been transported for various periods. Nadi, one of the party who has resided at Summers Town for these last two or three years, has been transported for life, for picking a gentleman's pocket in London.-Oxford Herald. After tlie late action at Navarino, an Irishman, named Phelan, who was cook's mate of the Genoa, was observed to skip about the kitchen with the most ludicrous manifestation of joy. On being questioned, he shouted out, Och, by tlie powers I'm so glad the villains liav'nt spoilt tlie coppers-the devil a shot has touched them. It may not be generally known, that silk folded and put into a press and screwed down very hard, will, after remaining in it a few hours, be prettily watered, equal in every respect to what is effected by hot-pressing. Seed corn soaked in a solution of Glaubpr's salts, will vegetate quickly, and the salts will protect it against worms, fowls, and birds. This accidental discovery, it is said, has been fully tested. A gentleman lately dead, has left by will a sum of five hundred guineas to his wife, adding a clause, that she was not to have the benefit of it till after her death, in order that she might have where- withal to be buried in a comfortable manner. When M. de Latour-Maubourg had a leg shot off by a cannon bail, his servant began to weep! ''Why are you grieved V said the brave General to him dost thou not see you will have a boot less to clean V A Nondescript.-An American paper says, a black woman, walking on all-fours, possessing the agility of a monkey in climbing, conversing freely in Creole French, and having tire lower limbs vulgarly called legs of the ouraug-outang, is advertising for exhibition at New Orleans@! Negroes.-Blumenbach gives us a most entertaining ac@ count of a little library which he possesses of works written by Negroes, from which it appears that there is not a single department of taste or science in which some Negro lias not distirgui-hed himself. A negro about to purchase a fish, visited a shop where several were exposed for sale tint suspecting that one, which ho intchiled to liny, was not altogether as fresh as lie could wish, ho presumed either to dissipate or confirm his suspicions by applying it to his nose. Tlie fishmonger, conscious that it would not bear much examination, and fearing that otlier customers might catch tlie scent, exclaimed in a surly tone-@How dare you to smell my fish ? Me no smell, me only talking to him, mussa. And what were you talking to him about V Me ask him, massa, what tlie best news at sea ? And what reply did he make you ? Oh, massa, he say he know no news, as he have not been there these three week. One Sunday, two sailors being together in Stoke Church r,f which the Rev. John Hawker is curate, one of them asked iris messmate tiie meaning of the letters I.H.S. on tlie pulpit@ cloth. You fool, says the other, don't you see it stands for John Hawker, Stoke. This explanation quite satisfied Jack not so did the sermon, for the parson preached so long that dinner was spoiled,@aud Jack vowed that he never would visit that church again. Some time afterwards, being at another port, he went to church, but lie had scarcely taken his seat when lie saw the letters I.H.S. on the pulpit-cloth@ Oh, ho says he, John Hawker, Stoke, here too-I've lost one dinner by hirruJ wont lose anotherand with these words he made a hast j #' the church, congratulat@ ing himself upon his lo.v r3 -orjin?.e. Tlie following cement is recomm@oded as perfectly effective for withstanding the combined cffei. @f fire and water. Take any quantity of lime, recently prepared from calcined oyster shells, and mix to the consistence of paste with white of egg, and lay it immediately into the fissure, when it will soon consolidate to the hardness of stone. Like the Roman cement, if suffered to dry while using, it is quite insoluble again even by strong acid. Tlie following passage of Don Quixote hears a singular ap@ plication to the affair at Navarino. In the 38th chapter, the captive, relating his adventures, says- The year following I was at Navarino, rowing in tlie captain-galley, and there 1 saw and observed tlie opportunity that was then lost o@ taking the whole Turkish navy in port. For all the Levan@ tines and Janissaries, Egyptians and Turks on board took it for granted they should he attacked in the harbour, and had their baggage and their passamaques, or shoes, in readiness for running away immediately by land. But heaven ordered it otherwise, for tlie sins of Christendom, and because God permits and ordains, that there should always be some scourges to chastise us. New Rooking for Buildings.-A patent has been lately obtained for making a fire-proof roofing of thin cast iron plates, so as to lock into each other, and effectually carry off the rain. It is said, the cost of this roofing will not exceed one-third that of lead, and he equally durable. It is@also less weight per 100 square feet than a roof of the best thick slating, and much less liable to damage from violent gales of wind, and, therefore, peculiarly adapted to buildings of the larger class, both in safety and economy. A Pleasant Travelling Companion.-Two passengers set out in the Essex coach, from their inn, in London, on @@December morning. It was dark as pitch and one of them not being sleepy, and wishing for a little conversation, endeavoured, in the usual mode, to stimulate his neighbour to discourse. A very dark morning,@Sir Shocking cold weather for travelling Slow going in these heavy roads, Sir. None of these observations producing any answer, the sociable man made one more effort. He stretched out his hand, and feeling tlie other's garment, exclaimed, What a very comfortable coat, Sir, you have got to travel in@! No answer was made and the inquirer, fatigued and disgusted, fell into a sound nap, nor awoke till the brightest rays of a winter's sun accounted to him for tlie taciturnity of hi3 companion, by presenting to his view a huge bear luckily for him, muzzled and confined , in a sitting posture, which was conveying to a country fair for exhibition. Alteration in the Climate of England.-Tlmt the cli@ mate of this country has undergone a considerable change within these last hundred years, is allowed by all who have considered the subject, and nothing furnishes a more con@ vinciug proof of this than the history of the vine. Previous to the reign of Henry VIII. every abbey and monastery had its vineyard. In tlie rent rolls of churcli property, in those days, and long afterwards, it appears considerable quantities of grapes were paid as tithes, and the vestiges of some of those vineyards remains to this day. They were usually placed on the south side of the hill, in a light dry soil, having the sur-@face@covered with sand, the vines being trained near the ground. But witli such inclement and changeable springs and long protracted winters as have been experienced of late, even such frost as is seen at the moment I am writing 24th of April , vines as standards in the open air would be destroyed, or at least no dependence could be placed upon them for a crop. But vineyards in this country could neither be so profitable, nor are they so necessary as they were in those days inter@ national intercourse is now more open, and corporations, whether religious or civil, can be supplied with grapes in any shape, and tlieir precious juice in any quantity, at a cheaper rate than even home grown, or home made. In their culti@ vation in this country, practitioners are more likely to err in planting them in too rich than too poor a soil the first adds too much to their natural luxuriance of growth, and always reduces the flavour of the fruit. Prevention of Colds.-At this inclement season, hardly a single person escapes what is called a cold, aud but few so afflicted know how to treat it. The following advice is that given by tlie late Dr. Beddoes, in his instructions -@It stiouid be recollected, that a cold is occasioned either by a sudden change from cold to heat, or from heat to cold but more frequently by the former. - When a cold, attended with a cough, is fastened upon a person, what is proper to be done ? This ought generally to be known, as the poor cannot afford, and others at first will seldom take tlie pains to seek advice. It is not right, then, in the begin@ ning of a cold, to make tlie room where you sit warmer than usual, to increase the quantity of bed-clothes, to wrap your@ self in flannel, or to drink large draughts of piping riot bar@ ley-water, boiled up with raisins, figs, liquorice-root, and tlie like. This is the right way to make the disorder worse.-Perhaps there would be hardly such a thing as a bad cold, if people, when they .find it coming on, were to keep cool, to avoid wine and strong drinks, and to confine themselves for a short time to a simple diet, as potatoes and other vegetables, with toast and water. I liave known instances of heat in the nostrils, difficulty of breathing, with a short tickling cough, and other symptoms, threatening a violent cold, go off t ntirely in consequence of this plan being pursued. I have found the pulse to beat from 12 to 20 strokes in a minute less, after a person at the onset of a cold had continued quiet three quarters of an hour in a cool room. It is not only warmth, suddenly applied, ttiat will throw any part of the body, after it lias been starved or benumbed, into violent action, and bring on inflammation strong liquors will do the same. Suicides in France.-In a report of the Council of Health Gazette de Sante, Dec. 5 , appears an account of the suicides committed in Paris in 1820. The minfoi amounts to 511. The principal causes, from tlie inquirle@@aW.the commissioners, appear to be love, domestic chagrins, misery@, diseases, mad@ ness, derangement of affairs, and, lastly, gaming. Of these 5 1 suicides, 417 only have known causes and of@these417, 69 are attributed to t he lottery and to gaming, forming almost a quarter of tlie whole, when it is considered that the domestic chagrins, and tiie derangement of affairs mentioned among tlie erases of a great number of suicides, ought in part to be attributed to play. With regard to tlie 04, the causes of which are not precisely mentioned, there is reason to believe that gaming may be assigned as the origin of many, for, generally speaking, gamblers keep tlieir way of life secret, and dare not communicate to their families the subject of their distresses most oftentimes, a@bo, despair seizes them unawares and suddenly, which is tiie reason that tlieir relations and neigbliours are not aware of t ie cause of It.-French paper. Amirican Bouncers.-A late miinber of an American paper, says-Yesterday we observed an immense flock of blackbirds, extending more than half a mile in length, and some rods in breadth. Tlieir direction was south, making a noise witli their wings almost deafening. They seemed to proceed in their course with tlie utmost regularity, having every appearance of being conducted by a leader. There were numbers of them skirting tlie main body, and apparently acting as flank guards. There must have been some tens of thousands of them.-A few days ago a Canadian woman, at Chambly, while making an omelet for some persons who were to breakfast witli her, opened an egg for the purpose, and, tQ her surprise, found it contained a live snake, about two inches in length, and resembling, in almost every par@ ticular, the common grass-snake, with the exception of the head being unusually large and flat. When liberated, it crawled about in the frying-pan With mucii alacrity. Several of the neighbours were witnesses of the fact. The hen that laid the egg was immediately killed, and a number of soft eggs were taken out of her, each of which, on being broken, was found to contain a snake, in size and perfection propor@ tioned to the egg which contained it@ Sagacity of Rats.-We are personally assured liv a re@ spectable gentleman, that the following is strictly and literally @rue -Some time ago, an out-house belonging to a gentleman in tlie neighbourhood of Oswestry was very mueli infested witli rats at a distance of fcbout 80 yards from the building,@@ constant stream of water passes, and it lias been observed that this species of vermin are fond of a damp or wet situation. Either by age or accident, one of tlie fraternity was entirety-blind and to show the wonderful sagacity of the animals, one of its companions actually carried a piece of straw several inches long in its mouth, and, placing one end of it in the mouth of its blind companion, led it to tlie stream of water, @@distance of some yards, by the other end of the straw! Whether this was its usual manner or not, tlie person who witnessed tl.e fact had not an opportunity of observing.-Slreicshury Chronicle, LOCAL AMD PROVINCIAL NEWS. Continued ,R @m the third page. J Hum. Police.-The following liave been committed to tlie Gaol of this town, since our last - John Dayre, for stealing beef, the property of Mr. Wm. Anfield and Mary Brown@and Thomas Crosby, for stealing a pair of shoes, tlie property of Robert Lenham. Scclcoatks Police.-On Monday tiie sitting Magistrates were Jonas Brown, Esq ami the Rev J. Gtlby. The following @arsons have been committed from the Public Hall since our@last @-.-John Carr, an Irishman, charged wi,h having, on the night of Tuesday week, stolen a lend pump, from the premises of the late Mr. Omblcr, of Camerton@ Jane Den@man was sent to the sessions for trial, ns an in-@corrigible rogue. She is an old offender, having been a source of annoyance for upwards of thirty years, in the course of winch period she has been committed and passed to her settlement times out of number@ Henry Doughty was committed on a charge of stealing a quantity of oats and beans, in February last, the property ol his mas-@ter, J. K. Watson, F.sq. @nomas Lister, farrier, at Beverley, charged with receivingtlie property, has given bail to appear at tlie sessions@@ -@John llai erson, charged w ith stealing a sheep, near Pauli, was further examined on Saturday week, at Beverley, and fully committed for trial. Wc gave tlie details last week. The following committals to the House of Correction at Beverley, in addition to those from Scuicoates Hall, liave taken place since our last -Francis Cutts, charged with entering the plantations of Chas. Grimston, Esq. at Kilnwick, with intent illegally to destroy game, on the night of tlie 20th Dec. last. Wm. Brown, charged with violently assault@ ing Wm. Clayton, of Kelfield, in the East-Ridiitg, he being in the due execution of Iris office as constable for trial at the next sessions. John Creaper and Wm. Pease, for deserting their wives and families the former to be imprisoned one calendar month, and the latter.seven days, each to hard labour. Mary Allanson and Elizabeth Brown, disorderly ser@ vants the former one month, the latter 14 days to hard labour. Henry Ward and Wm. Armstrong, for disobeying orders of bastardy, to be imprisoned three months to hard labour. John Foster, for vagrancy, to be imprisoned three calendar months Jacob Johnson, for vagrancy, one calendar month, and John Broadburn, for vagrancy, 14 days, each to hard labour. Lately, a labourer, called Edward Banks, in the employ of Mr. Wheatley, farmer, Garton, while oiling a thrashing machine, unfortunately got his right hand entangled. Mr. Harwood, surgeon, of Driffield, was called in, who, on exa@ mination, found tlie fractures and laceration so@extensive, that lie deemed immediate amputation necessary. Tlie patient is now doing well. Committed to York Casti.e.-Joseph Bentley, of Cleck-@heaton, charged with being concerned, along witli J. Selioles, J. Bentley, J. Brooke, S. Smith, and others yet unknown, in tlie wilful murder of U. Wortnersley, on the night of tiie 30th Nov. Matthew Appleyard, of Denby, for breaking into the warehouse of Joshua Moxon, at Denby aforesaid, and stealing therefrom a quantity of goods, his property. Joseph Hud@ son, charged with robbing the simp of Mrs. Wood, pawnbroker, of seven watches and otlier articles. Tlie prisoner was ap@ prehended shortly after the robbery, with four of the watches concealed in his hat. Yorkshire Musical Festival.-At the periodical meeting of the festival committee, held on Wednesday, Mr. Price, of Ciementhorpe, and Mr. John Woodall, jun. of Scarbro', were added to tlie committee. Mr. Davies was appointed tlie treasurer. Mr. Camidge, Dr. Camidge, Mr. White, and Mr. P. Knapton, were appointed assistant conductors. Doctor Camidge was engaged as tlie organist. Various resolutions were passed relative to the engagement of vocal and instru@ mental performers. The orchestra in the Festival Concert Room is to be re-constructed the present one being extremely inconvenient, and indeed dangerous , and the room itself will he better ventilated. Arrangements are making to get up a series of concerts, at York, under tbe management of Dr. Camidge, and Mr. P@ Knapton. York minster was much crowded on the afternoon of Cliristmas-Day the light-fingered gentry took advantage of this circumstance, to rob a gentleman of a gold watch-key and seals one of the vergers was also plundered of a pair of silver-mounted spectacles. At the Guildhall, York, on Saturday week, an information was laid against a person named Parker, for leaving a heap of dirt in Coney-street, by which the Hull mail was overturned on the preceding Thursday evening. It appeared a man had been placed at the spot to watch, but had gone home to his supper. Parker was ordered to pay the expense of the damage done to the coach £1 14s. 6d. , a fine of 5s., and the costs. The following stale trick, which has been repeatedly at@ tempted and hut too frequently succeeded , at every horse fair in England, was last week played off at the Christmas show at York. A party of sharpers met with a green-horn, from the neighbourhood of Tliirsk, offering for sale a horse at the price of £25. One of the party offered him £23, which he refused-another offered to exchange with liim-and a third offered £24 for the horse he was to receive in exchange. Tiie exchange took place, but when he looked round for tlie man that offered him £24, he had decamped, and left the farmer to the jest and ridicule of the party. He was advised to make tiie lieat of the horse he had received, and in the end sold him for £9. Arrangements are making for a new mail coach, to com@ mence running on the 5th instant, to carry four inside and four outside passengers, to leave Leeds daily for Halifax, about half-past five, or as soon after tlie arrival oftlie London mail, as may be convenient. Among the list of gentlemen, to whom his Majesty has granted the dignity of Baronet, is tlie Honourable Edward Mannaduke Vavasour, of Haslewood, in the county of York, brother of the Right Hon. Lord Stourton. Lord Wharncliffe lias presented the Rev. James Flowerdew with tlie livings of Essie and Nevy vacant by the translation of the Rev. James Miller. A JLoving Thief.-Yesterday week, the following ca iffte r c ttarheto. HULL CORN MARKET. Monday, December i . Our market, being hold ofl'our regular day, h s Ixyn but thinly with either buyer or Roller but any@thing offering in wheats wn ion it-i far greater proportion being of damp Wi fo bu the condition was taken of! by the millers freely at lust week's P r ij , '-' s ing quality w. u no alteration in old foreign. Oats and beans are both With at our last currency uui-iauim ■■■ out luiv u. t ara - - -out .alteration in value, and the demand for both continues very limited. The principal supply of barley has been from this neighbourhood alul Lincolnshire, which only meets a slow sale at our late quotations. In old r 'rinding parcels no alteration. K rjK sced is comparatively confined to few lands, and held firmly at our quotations. Linseed in limited demand at late price . . rr?H Ms .Vs . tls IMs . 5 's .Ms ofis Rapcsccd, to- Last in Rorwi vtme I itto, duty lbs a JM 'Os Linseed l Q i?.rti r r ri .'Sis Ifajie Cake , V i'on 1 15 . a 5 Os Linseed Cakes 10 Os Ditto, Foreign SI Os s bis Duties on Grain imported before 1st Jnlu. Wheat Harley ~-Heans., 1 0.18 Oats I Os Kd 15s Id 5s i I , 'H mi i is t Wheat, old Ditto, new Ditto,bushels, ,C0 17s. hi. Rye, nmu' Beans, @s or@@ 5 bushels, 4J2 2s. Od. Pea , 10 qrs. 0 bushels, C2 8s. Al. The above Return of British Corn only, is computed by the Imperial Measure, agreeably to the 7th and 8th ?co. IV. cap. 58. WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET. Friday, December 28. There is a good supply of wheat for this day's market as also a consiflcr-@able quantity of barley and beans. In consequence of the holidays, we have a thin attendance of buyers. Wheat sells heavily at the rates of last week@ and barley likewise rules dull, but no less prices are taken. Beans have again receded Is. per quarter, and any thing ex@@rq the dryest par@e@d are difficult fo quit. Oats and shelling remain flic same in value, and the de@ mand still limited. No variation in other articles. Wheat, Suffolk and Norfolk, old, 55s to Ste-New, .Vta to flfis-Boston artd Wisliech, .Vis to 51s-new, 47s to .Vis-Yorkshire, old, 55s to Vis new lfis to 50 -Foreign, 48s to 52s@@ qr. ofi'iOfo. Barley, Suffolk and Norfolk, new, . t2s to Vte-Fine, 85s-Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, 2S s to 31s-Foreign Malting, @Ol to uOs-Grinding, @@I @. 30s yy qr. imperial@ Beans, English, 51 s to @2 -New, 42s to 45 - Egyptian, 4 Is to 15s @@quarter of Ittlb. Oats, Potatoe and Poland, 32s to 3U fo- ur. imj on l-Mealing, English new, I Id to 12fd-Foreign new, II jd to l2 d-Riga and ArciwugcL@ 1.3d T stone. Shelling, new, 28s to 30s @@load. Malt, 44b to 12s-fine, 00s if load. Flour, 40s. to 42s. per sack. Rapcseed, English, £23, £21-Foreign,.£22 £25@@ last. Rape Cake, £5-Linseed Cake, £10. Arrivals.-Wheat, 5f537 qrs. Oats, 431 Bariev, 0014 Beans, 1571 Peas,@97 Rapcseed, - Malt, 172 .'footling, 245 load.-, Hour, o bags Tares, 00 qrs. Linseed, 00 qrs. Rye, 001 qrs. CORN-EXCHANGE, MARK LANE. Friday, Dec. 28.-Our market, generally, has been very dull since Mon@ day, and wheat scarcely sells on so good terms, owing to the very large arrival of flour coast ways-upwards of @IL000 sacks. Barley also is somewhat lower, in consequence of the largeness of tlie supply and beans and iieas scarcely sell on so good terms. In oats tl ere is very little business doing, hut we can scarcely call them cheajier. In other articles no variation worth notice. CURRENT PRICES OP OQAI.V, PER QUARTER. i oi ljefore the magistrates at our Court-House Leeds Mftry Ratty ftbley stated that she was a widow, and resided ii e at a small hou@@ in Vienna-street, in this town. On the 15th ult. she was returning home from transacting some business in the town, when the prisoner, William Wood, came up to her and asked her whether §he was married, as he was in search of@@ wife. Mrs. Riley asked him his name, trade, ami address, c. which he refuted to tell her. He walked with her as far as Quarry-Hill, where Mrs. Riley, not being quite @atisfied with her strange suitor, went into a friend's house, and remained there some time. When she had gone about one hundred yards from the house, she was again joined by the prisoner, who renewed his suit with encreased vigour. They arrived afterwards at her house about nine o'clock. Ward went in and sat down, wliere he remained till five o'clock the next morning. On that day Mrs. Riley received informa@ tion that her mother was unwell, and on the following morning went to Huddersfield to see her. She returned home on Saturday week, and found Ward in the house she locked the door and kept him there till a constable was sent for and he was apprehended. On examination it was disco@ vered that lie had a pair of her late husband's shoes on his feet, •fore pawned a green silk scarf, and some otlier wearing iflfkrel belonging to Mrs. Riley. He was committed for trial'at tqe'next sessions.-Eteds Intelligencer. Church KWHIddism.-Mr. Mark Robinson, wlio has been in this town during last week, has been making a proposition to the clergy of this parish to add to the present system of the establishment, that of Church methodism. Twb meetings of the clergy were held last week, when Mr. Robinson bad the opportunity of stating his plan of proceeding. We under@ stand his communication met with a kind reception, but we have not heard even the substance of Iris address. If the plan lie now proposes be sometiiing like what lias been adopted at other places, we can give our readers an outline of it. Preachers are employed by the clergy, with @@salary of p@Ahaps £50 per annum, which is paid by tlie churchwardens out of the parish rates. It is their duty to meet the classes, renew the tickets quarterly, to receive the contributions of tlie members, and pay the proceeds into the hands of the church@ wardens, to hold love-feasts, to preach in places where there is not sufficient church accommodation, and at such times as will not interfere with the regular service of the establish@ ment. All the members will of course have the rites of lmp-@tism, burial, kc. performed at the parish chinch, and they will he regular communicants at the altar oftlie Church of England. - Leeds Intelligencer, At the collegiate and parish church of Manchester, on Sun@ day week, no fewer than two hundred and thirty-six couples challenged the whole race of political economists to shew ' cause or just impediment why they should not respectively be lawfully joined together in holy matrimony. Bad as times are, our working classes, it would appear, will fiot be deterred by population theories, from following the bent of their inclinations. The Richmond Forest Yeomanry Cavalry, and the Craven Legion are now disbanded, and Lord Grantham and Lord Wharncliflfe's corps are retained. In both cases, the order, it is sitid, came directly from the Marquis of Lansdowne. On Friday week, a little boy, the son of Mr. Stephen Smith, of@Woodhouse, near Keighley, when .returning from school, was blown into the Sun Beck, and drow ned. It is said, tl £ engineer at Mr. Warner's factory at Lough@ borough, Leicestershire, has made a discovery which doubles the pow er of the steam engine and that he has been ottered £1000 for the secret. Oil Tuesday week, a meeting of more than 100 coach-pro@ prietors, was held at Leicester, and by adjournment, on Thursday week, at Market Harborough. The object of this meeting, was, we understand, to make a general regulation of coach fares, and to do away with that opposition which leads to furious driving, and frequently occasions the loss of life. We have likew ise heard that the question of steam-@coaches was discussed. WHEAT. 8. S. 8. 8. Ditto, fine.- 50 Jl.51 New IK M White - in i 4 line , , M w RYU. Rye 30, 35 Tick, new t.i baiilby. Barley 2 30 OATS. MALT. Malt 50 41 Poland yq PEAS. Peas. Hoe 40 41 Potatoe ?7 1H General Average Price of Corn, per quarter, for the week ending Dec. IJ. IMPERIAL MEASURE. Rve .32ri ful I Keans r -~- -W Barley.., ... 408 lid Peas r - rr m-.lOd PRICE OF FLOUR IN LONDON. Per sacks delivered. Per sack on board ships. Town-made 45 to 50 I Essex ami Suffolk 38s to 4.1 Ditto Seconds 40s to 45s Norfolk and Stockton ... .35s to Ilfs Per qr Bran..! to 10s Fine Pollard.. 18 to22 . PRICE OF HOPS IN THE BOROUGH. Cud.-D ce aber 8 l POCKETS. Famham, fine £7 10 a £8 8 , seconds 0 0 7 0 Kent 4 4 -. 6 0 Sussex - 3 IS - 4 10 Essex 4 0 5 0 Kent Sussex . Essex BAGS. £3 12 a £5 0 3 3_ 3 15 3 10 there appeared to be a great nuinlier ol buyers of coflbe to a considerable extent, but the O@der@ they tendered were at prices below our last quoted prices tlie consequence is, no purchases are reported to have been effected. TALLOW.-Toward, the close of the lint week the tallow market enn-@@inucd to improve both in demand and price this morning tlie market @U not so brisk, but there is not as yet any variation reported in the rurren@ev The stock, in Ixindon, at present, consists of 3B,tlz casks the weekly d@i livery may lie quoted at 1, U! casks, at 3.S@r. cwt. OILS.-In oris there is not any material variation. COTTON.-In tlie cotton marked there is no alteration the sales for ri'e 'vwk eioliiia lasUiiftht Inclusive, are too inconsiderable to@be emimnatial I- Kl 1 11.- The latest sates of fruit are reported to he to some extent. Keel Sm@tma raisins at 47s. . lcntia ditto, held at 53s. In other descriptions of fruit there is no material alteration. SPIRITS@-As is customary durloR Christmas week@.but very little timi. ness ot any sort has been done iu Mincing-Lone, ami prices may be quoted nominally about the same as our last. A safe of alx.ut 100 puncheons of @Upwards ha@ been submitted to at nearly a jicnny l gallon below the cur. rency, .and which is the only one, of any consequence, reported. Proof@@-and two t rent@ overproof, is. kl. to its. Id. l our to rise per cent, ditto, ottto, 28. ad. to 2s. Od. In Jamaica, although not much business doing@ prices continue firm. i AND WINES.-Tho demand of late for the home trade has been very considerable, but with little or no variation in prices. FROM TUESDAY NIGHT@S GAZETTE, BANKRUPTS. Vm. Kendrick, Daventry@-Northamptonshirc, grocer. Wm. Poyntor@ Lamb'@ Conduit-street, roestawkur. YV. Addison .am! J. Wren, Man@ chester, drapers. J. Bottolulev, WtJJikey, Yorkshire, clothi@dk T. Hoeik'H .Manchester, cordwaincr. J. B. Taylor, sen, and J. B. Tayltr, jun. @@ork@ port, Chester, iron founders. niviDEN@na W. Couplaml and YV. B. Colton, Liverpool, merchants, Jan. 19, at @nn£ at the tieorge Inn, Liverpool@ C. Pashelfer ami J. Pasliollor, Huntingdon' bankers, Jan. 10, at eleven, at the George Inn, Huntingdon. BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED. P. M. Griffith, Birmingham, jeweller. FRIDAY'S G IZETTE. BANKRUPTS. P. Hod son, Coburg-place, Borough-road, glassfban. f. Haley. Bnunlcy. Leeds, wwllefocIothtHanufACtwrer. J. Horsley, @R O. Hill, Bilfitcr-squarc, merchant . YV. Mardall, YVater-tone- braudy-merchant. John Monk-@house, Camberwell, tavern-keeper. J. HamLa@U, Kentish-tuwn, auctioneer. 8. Ihompson, Leighton Bussartl, Bedfordshire, str.aw-plat dealer. YV. War cup, 1 toil ford, Kent, j atent washing-nuchine-maitMfacturer. R. Parry, Uuthin, Denbighshire, linen-draper. BANKRUPTCIES ENLARGED. YV. H. Cooper, Canon-row, Westminster, dealer iu Homan cement. YV. Jussup@fjun. Broad-street, Hatcliff, victualler. BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED. YV. B. Harrison, Manchester, cotton-dealer. DIVIDEND. R. Cook and R. Sutton, Barton-upon.Humber,@Lincolnshire, corn-factors@ Jan. IU, at twelve, at the Kingston Hotel, Kingston-upon-Hu@@U PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED@ J. Atkinson, jun.,@A. E@Uam, and J. Kirk, Bradley Mills, Dalton. York@ shire, wood-cutters. B. Butterworth, G. Ma@@ilman, and E. Johuio@o of Huddersfield, Yorkshire, merchants. CERTIFICATES-Jan. IS. M. Heaton, Royd's House, Haworth, Yorkshire, worsfed-spinner. J@ Muitimlalo, of Chester-le.Street, farmer. II. and T. Weal herald, of kirkoy Malzcard, Y'orkshire, llax-spinners. insolvents. J. Buttivant, Applodore, near hidtford, Devonshire, merchant. J. YVal. tors, Cwm-Corwg-House, near Newport, Monmouthshire, retail-brewer. 4 HULL Printed and Published bv and for the Proprietor@ T. TOPPING, OPPOSITE THE CHURCH-YAIID, LOWGATK. following Agents Barton, Hill. Beverley, Turner. Johnson Scaimi Bridlington, Furby Hrigg, Richardson Caistor, Nainby Grimsby, Skelton Gainsborough, Drury Driitic-ld, Turner laeds, Heaton @Jneofn, Drury .iverjmol, Willmer Louth, J. J. Jackson And by all the Booksellers in fhe Lincolnshire Malton, Smithson, jun. Manchester, Forrest Newark, Bulge Newcastle, Walker Pontefract, Kfeock Scarbro', Mrs. Ainsworth Selby, Galpine Sheffield, Ridge Shields, Peart, Stockton, Mil@o Whitby, Kirby trincipal Towns In Yorkshire and 5ft LA
[ GS_aligned] ############### WANTED-A WIFE. I'VE sought all England through and through, @'Mo@ng dames of hig@h ###### seen a hundred pretty maids, @@But not one made for me@ @@! ##### Sera@phina was a nymph I thought @beyo@nd compare Alack ! one day-unseen-I heard My Seraphina swear ! I'd thrown sheep's eyes at her, because I took her for a lamb @Tis true, I liked her breeding well, But did'nt like her d-! I quitted her for Fanny Bloom,@@ How sweetly she could sing ! But she had two strings to her bow, An@d two beaux to her string ! Next blue‐eyed Emily I sought, With @ﬂaxen tresses @ﬂowing Yet oh ! I saw those lovely eyes In angry passion glowing. She struck her maid-she might strike me My visits thence @did cease Quoth I- It is not every hand @That bears the palm of peace. An angel, Isabel they called @@'Tis true she is a bell, Who hath a clapper rings for aye, That soon would ring my knell ! Rich widows, too, I've tried in vain, Relicts of golden calves ! They all were wives of honest men, But not their better halves ! There was Widow Warren, fair to view, Of presence quite commanding But oh ! she had a wooden leg, And a weakly understanding ! A bachelor I am, my friends may laugh, No Benedict ################ Free as the air I'll live and die, If I leave no heir behind me ! I'm not of those the Fancy styled, Whom loves to sing So my matches and engagements shall @Be all without the ring@ ######################################################## the Hull Packet and @Humber Mercury. SIR-@When any new system or science comes out into the wor@d, w@ith high pretensions to importance and utility, unless it be supported by facts, observation, or experiment, it deserves only to be ridiculed and then to be forgotten. But when this species of evidence is gra- tuitously adduced in support of the principles it seeks to establish @@and when the truth of those principles is ###### and fairly staked upon the validity of this eviden@ce, then it becomesthe duty of every candid individual to examine impartially into the merits of the case as far as @his opportunities will allow him, and only to a@ﬀord his assent so far as it is borne out by substantial proofs. If the system that solicits that assent appear, after such an investigation, to be destitute alto- @gether of the evidence upon which its claims are professedly founded, or even if it appear to @be ill, or accidentally supported by it, then, of course, @he is perfectly justi@ﬁable, not only in withholding fro@m it his own individual support, but in endeavouring, by argument or ridicule, to prevent its gaining farther hold of the minds of others. There are some people who are ever crying out against innovation. Whenever a novel doctrine is presented to their notice, their antiquarian prejudices immediately take t@he alarm, and @they at once stigmatize it as absurd, without ever investigating the arguments by which it is supported, or t@he evidence upon which it rests. They tell us it carries falsehood on its very face, or it can never bene@ﬁt society, or it will corrupt the public morals, or it tends to materialism and thus @they presume to censure and condemn what @they know nothing at all about. I grant it is very necessary to exercise caution in examining the evidence of any new system, lest, by too hasty a proceedure, we should admit as valid evidence, what may be only the result of casual coincidence, or super@ﬁcial analogy but then it is equally necessary, on the other hand, that we take care not to reject a whole set of prin- ciples, on the ground of any apparent @disagreement that disagree- ment may be the mere modi@ﬁcation of circumstances, and that unfavourable result may be only a practical abuse for what established principle is there whose proofs are not, in some way or other, dependent upon circumstances and w@hat righteous doctrine is there, which has not, at some time or other, been prostituted to vicious ends? But I must come to t@he gist of my communication. Your corres- pondent T. R@. is truly in a deplorable situation, and every one of humane disposition must really pity him, and not him only, but his periwigged and phrenologized children. No one can wonder, poor fellow ! at his hostility to the science. It is certainly quite natural but still it is a sad pity he should have exposed his folly by publishing the @ﬂimsy and futile evidence o@n which that hostility rests for, Sir, @what does his communication prove ? Why, @ﬁrst, that T. R. is no Solomon, else he would never have married so hair‐brained a wench, for you may depend upon it, Phrenology only completed what had long been begun, and what, to a sagacious mind, must have been evident enough and, secondly, it furnishes a singular instance of the correctness of Phrenological observation. T. @R.'s wife was quite correct,@@ when s@he found, by t@he bumps on her husband's @he@ad, that he had no love for @her for nothing but a total want of a@ﬀection could have allowed him to hold up to public ridicule, the f@olly of one holding so tender a relationship as that of wife, and one whose very faults, by reason of that relationship, ought to be held sacred. What, Mr. E@ditor, has Phrenology to do wit@h the madness of one of its advocates, unless it can @be shown that that madness is its legitimate result ? Justice might as well be charged with falsehood, because a maniac takes upon him to w@ield a sword ########### calls by @her sacred name, and with it to slay the innocent. I recommend T. R. to play no more upon the organs, for he produces nothing but discords there. But, after all, I really hope your correspondent is debtor to his i@magination for his facts. O ! that he would credit it with some of t@he circulating medium of the understanding. IF @he be married, I shall be exceedingly glad to receive an invitation to dine with him. I have no doubt I should presently add to t@he number of my friends, t@he livi@ng, if not Phrenol@ogical couple-Mr. and Mrs. T. R. But, Mr. Editor, my principal object in addressing @this letter to you, was neither to sympathise with your correspondent, nor to exp@iscate an invitation from hi@m @but to adduce some sound, phreno- logical facts-facts belonging to a species of evidence which has not hitherto, so far as I know, been much illustrated. I am a poor pedagogue, Sir, and a warm‐hearted advocate for Phrenology. You are aware that one of the advantages of t@he science is said to be, the facility it a@ﬀords to t@he right training of children, according to their most prominent developments. I shall brie@ﬂy illustrate t@he truth of this, by stating the advantages that have actually accrued from my adoption of Phrenological principles, and following their intimations with respect to the children under my care. It is said, the actions of children su@@ﬃciently denote what is their ruling faculty or predomi- nant disposition but I deny that this is t@he case, except in instances of very uncommon precocity. T@he practice in all schools @has been to adopt, from @ﬁrst to last, the same routine of tuition in all cases, without attempting to discover the particular bias of @the mind, and irrespec- tively of any diversity, even if it forced itself into view and parents @have seldom consulted any t@hing but their own whim, predilection, ambition, or caprice, in their children's subsequent pursuits. Thus the energies of numberless minds have been wasted on t@hings unbe@ﬁtting and inappropriate while, if due attention had been paid to t@he par- ticular character of t@heir developments, their minds mig@ht have risen to high eminence in some one particular department, and eﬀected, in that department, no one can calculate w@hat important and bene-@ ﬁcial results. On the principles of Phrenology, I have practised this mode of tuition@ and I feel it a duty thus publicly to record the suc- cesses, of which I gladly yield to Phrenology all t@he praise. Immediately on my becoming a conscientious disciple of Drs. Gall and Spurzheim, I formed the idea@ of carrying t@he principles of t@he science into the management of my school. I re@ﬂected on the pro- priety of the measure for some time, during which my faith in Phrenology was d daily strengthening and, at length, I mentioned my view@s to t@he parents of t@he boys, and, w@ith their concurrence, deter- mined on making the experiment. Just before the intervention of t@he @holidays made a convenient pause in t@he then existing arrangements of t@he school, I set apart a day for examining @the heads of my boys on Phrenological principles. I did not think it necessary to turn barber, and s@have all the @hair o@ﬀ their heads, as did the deluded wife of your correspondent T. R. but I adopted t@he easier, and, for general purposes, the equally e@@ﬃcient mode of passing my hand over t@heir hairy scalps. I took #################### t@he prominent Phreno- logical de@velopments of each, and during the vacation drew out an arrangement, by which the boys were to be placed in classes, and each class I named after the particular department of learning for which, according to my Phrenological observations, nature seemed more especially to have adapted the individuals who were to till its ranks. You may think, Sir, I was not a little anxious for @the result of t@he ex- perimen@t however, the holidays passed over, and the time for trying it arrived. I need not trouble you with t@he detail of every step in the progress of t@he experiment. Su@@ﬃce it to say, it was not long before I had indubitable testimony to t@he truth of Phrenological principles, and to the utility of t@he arrangements to which I had subjected my school. Each boy presently manifested a special aptness at receiving the particular instruction ofhis class, and rapidly rose to what would otherwise @have appeared precocious attainments in that department. Many of them have since left school but in the choice of their pur- suits, t@he character of their minds, and t@he discipline through which they had passed, were wisely consulted and their parents, without a single exception, have now the pleasure of witnessing their children's rapid and successful prosecution of t@heir respective callings and while they feel rationally assured t@hat present ap@pearances are the certain pledges of future eminence, @they gladly and gratefully acknow- ledge that to P@hrenology they are, and will be, indebted for it all. I would not, Mr. Editor, @have you or your readers@imagine, that under @the Phrenological arrangements of my school, all kinds of learning are @neglected by t@he boys, excepting @that branch to which t@he class they belong to is devoted-that w@ere as impolitic as it would be ridiculous. To the general branches of education su@@ﬃcient attention is paid, during certain hours of the day, to secure useful pro@ﬁciency in them while, to @the exercises of his class, during the remainder of the day , the attention of each boy is exclusively directed -thus the general purposes of education are secured, while the particular bias of the mind is consulted, and its character ultimately formed on t@he princi- ples of its original constitution. In my own family, the same course has been pursued, and with equal success Respecting those of @my children who are now in situations, I am constantly receiving t@he most gratifying testimonies of t@heir employers' approbation an@d those who are still under @my immediate care, are daily exhibiting the most pleasing proofs of the tr@uth of Phrenological science. I beg pardo@n, @Mr. Editor, for having trespassed so much upon your patience. My communication has extended much beyond my ################ the interesting nature of the subject to me, at ############# be an apology for me. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, Dec. 22, 1827. PETER ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## fro@m the She@@ﬃeld Courant of Saturday week. It is extracted from a very able paper on the Human Voice, read lately by Mr. Boult@bee, to t@he mem- bers of the She@@ﬃeld Literary and Philosophical Society. In addition to the elegance of style, by which this composition is distinguished, it contains some curious facts serving to ex- plain that hitherto mysterious faculty, Ventriloquism, an art whose exercise produced extraordinary results in ancient times, and has been t@he source of much amusement in our own enlightened days -Imitative v@oice in man, has frequently been cultivated with most astonishing success. We @ﬁnd persons capable of simulating the notes of birds, the sounds of animals, and even personating the voice of orators and public speakers. @@The following inanimate sounds @have been very closely 'm'tated. The noise produ@ced by sawing wood-by the uncorking of a bottle, and t@he decanting of its contents-t@he sound of air rushing into a room through a crevice or ot@her aperture-that of working a grind- stone, with t@he rough attrition of the steel upon it-and t@he various cha@nges caused by alteration of pressure, and many others. Persons who have exercised the art of imitation in one of its forms have been called ventriloquists, or belly‐speakers, from an idea once entertained t@hat t@he voice proceeded out of the stomac@h. Among the names of those celebrated for this art, we ﬁnd, in the 16th century, Louis Brabant, Valet de Chambre of Francis I, of France . Since his time, Baron Mengen, Henderson, Garbutt, Mat@hews, Alexandre, c. have distinguished themselves. T@heir most mysterious power is t@hat of deluding those they address into the belief that the sound comes from a point at a considerable distance from the person of t@he speaker. Of the @ﬁrst mentioned individual it is related, t@hat being denied the hand of a young w@oman of fortune and station, much above his own, by @her father, he renewed his addresses after the death of t@he latter and w@hen in t@he presence of the lady and her mother, imitated t@he deceased's voice, w@hich seemed to come from the ceiling of the apart- ment. With cries and groans @he imputed his aggravated tortures in purgatory to the refusal of @his daughter to Louis Brabant, and con- jured her, if e'er she did her poor father love,@@ to marry @@the said Louis forthwith which, in suitable horror, consternation, and @ﬁlial piety she did. It appears that there are several modes in which varieties of voice may be produced.-1st. By speaking during inspiration instead of, as usual, during expiration. The voice so produced is more feeble than ordinary for t@he ear does not directly receive the sonorous undula- tions as before and whilst we are looking w@hence #### s@ou@nd comes the speak@er uses means to direct our attention@-@2ndly. By speaking in a more grave or acute pitch than usual, by tightening or relaxing the v@ocal ligaments, and also by contracting t@he mouth in a greater or less degree, any motion in which it is necessary to avoid, and from practice a person may acquire t@he pow@er of producing all, except the labial articulations, without it and of these t@he F V and M may be imitated by the posterior parts of the mouth so that visible move- ment of t@he lips can be avoided by using words in w@@hich B and P do not occur.-3rdly. Sounds may be rendered much deeper, and appa- rently more distant, by depressing t@he larynx. T@he tongue, also, may be throw@ back with its points resting against its palate, so as to force the sonorous undulations, in a great measure, through t@he nose. -4t@hly. Great power in the muscles, and much @ﬂexibility in the larynx and organs of speech are requisite. In all cases it is necessary for the ventri@loquist to direct our w@illing imaginations. But however well formed the larynx may be for t@he production of variety in sound, and however perfectly this may be accompanied by @ﬂexibility of t@he organs of speech, t@he skilful imitator has much to learn. @He must be acquainted w@ith relative sounds for as t@he eye, by long practice only, is enabled correctly to judge of distance, in objects, from t@heir relative size-so does t@he ear, by continued use, become tutored to t@he strict nicety in sounds at various distances. Who, in his younger days, on @ﬁrst seeing represented, by a magic lantern, the little @ﬁgure rising into gigantic stature, has not felt dread at his apparent hasty approach ? A@nd who, on @ﬁrst looking through a telescope, @has not stretched forth his hand to touc@h t@he distant object ? And in maturer years, @has not the small @ﬂy, suddenly crossing our vision, appeared an enormous bird? Thus our mental scale of size and distance may, by various illusions, be made to deceive, so may w@e suppose the ear, equally nice in its judgment, liable to have that very nicety, which is the foundation of a mental scale of peculiar auditory impressions and distance of sound, also imposed upon, provided any art can discover and produce t@he requisite modi@ﬁcations. And herein consists t@he art and science of t@he ventriloquist for as the undulation in sound w@hich reaches our ears must necessarily vary w@ith the distance it @has come, and as at any one point such variation w@ill of itself be a speci@ﬁc sound, so t@he performer has to accommodate @his voice to that sound peculiar to t@he distance intended to be represented. Alexandre, who exhibited here some time ago, studied these peculiarities, by imitating a person's voice, as he spoke at intervals, receding above three hundred yards. He @has likewise sent a chimneysweeper up a chimney, with directions to speak down, at every two yards, until, by practice, @he could at length imitate the voice in its gradations so exactly, that persons in t@he room could not distinguish which was his, and which the boy's. But having acquired the power of producing the varieties of sound, something more is wanted to perfect the illusion. It is necessary that the performer should @ﬁx t@he attention of his hearers to some point or direction w@hence he intends the voice apparently to issue and this was done by Alexandre with admirable dexterity, as he alternately assumed t@he character of listener and speaker, as we particularly remarked, when t@he voice appeared to come from t@he chimney, a trunk, through t@he door, and from a room beneat@h by a trap‐door. It were needless to dilate upon those in@ﬁnite modi@ﬁcations of voice, which are connected with t@he social and intellectual character of man. The relations in which the members of a civilived and highly cultivated society stand to each other, are so numerous and diversi- ﬁed, @that it becomes no easy task to form a just estimate of t@he vocal organ. To w@hat various purposes, both useful and delightful, is it not subservient? It is at once t@he medium of conveying to our minds t@he noblest thoughts, and the most exquisite pleasure. Do we admire the wild and che@erf@ul notes poured forth by t@he warblers of the grove? These are greatly surpassed by the melody of man, whom we may justly style the prince of songsters. His voice far exceeds in compass and variety of modulation that of the ſeathered tri@bes and when bodily su@ﬀe@ring, or chill and nipping penury do not wring from him @notes of woe, @he chants t@he greater part of his life in happy and cheerful strains. There are few @persons insensible to @the c@harms of voice, and scarcely can any one be found whose soul is so totally devoid of music, that he does not occasionally give utterance to t@he buoyancy of @his spirits, by vocal modulations. The child hums away the careless hours-and manhood itself forgets its weary toils in artless song. But when science an@d art combine to @perfect the latter, of what higher or more re@ﬁned enjoyments is t@he most cultivated mind susceptible? while @he ravishes the ear with @his music, at t@he same time captivates t@he understanding, by giving utterance to thought his notes are not mere empty sounds. To w@hatever t@he ric@h imagination of t@he poet has embodied, or the pen of eloquence de- picted, @man can impart still higher charms by his song and thus, by addressing at once t@he intellect and passions, lead captive @his willing listeners. Voice i'self, w@hen unarticulated, forms a kind of natural languages and in this res@pect is highly important. Di@ﬀerent animals are dis-tinguishe@d by peculiar and appropriate cries. Man likew@ise expresses his feelings and emotions by di@ﬀerently modifying the intonation of voice, and every a@@ﬀection of t@he mind is characterized by a particular tone. Thus, anger uniformly manifests itself in loud, harsh, and hollow sounds. Mirth an@d joy are ex@pressed in moderately loud, but sharp and brisk notes, with sudden transitions throug@h consider- able intervals, passing rapidly from the grave to t@he acute, and generally ending with a high note. Slow, full, and measured tones are @ﬁtted for devotion. Grief and compassion are expressed in low, sliding, and diminishing notes where the transitions are not sudden, nor by sharp turns, nor strongly contrasted intervals, t@he movement proceeding by single or @half notes, and generally in t@he descending scale. Fear is expressed by low,@@ ######## and uncertain tones. The sudden start of horror and angui@sh, by t@he shriek and t@he lengthened scream. While t@he yell of mortal agony, which is extorted by instant and impending death, combines in it all that is horrible. Exultation and triumph are naturally expressed by loud and sustained shouts in a high key. Such are the hurrahs and cheers by which all nations, rude or civilized, give vent to their feelings of triumph, and drive terror into the hearts of t@heir enemies. All these peculiarities of voice may be imitated by musical instruments, an@d Collins has admirably described them in his Ode to the Passions. Thus every emotion will be indicated by the tone of voice so that it forms a ################### which is understood by all nations. Nor do I imagine it a less sure index of t@he soul than eit@her physiognomy or phrenology for whatever pass@ion may be prominent in a@n indi- vidual, the habitual expression of it will at length give a tincture to the voice in general. Shakspeare seemed aware of this, w@here King Lear, w@hen enumerating t@he excellencies of Cordelia, says- Her voice was ever soft, Gentle, and low-an excellent thing in a woman. SELECTIONS. Out of twelve gentlemen who started from this city and ### neighbourhood to the last Doncaster races, seven of them have since been transported for various periods. Nash, one of the party who has resided at Summers Town for these last two or three years, has been transported for life, for picking a gentleman's pocket in London.-Oxford Herald. After t@he late action at Navarino, an Irishman, named Phelan, who was cook's mate of the Genoa, was observed to skip about the kitchen with the most ludicrous manifestation of joy. On being questioned, he shouted out, Och, by t@he powers I'm so glad the villains @hav'nt spoilt t@he coppers-the devil a shot has touched them. It may not be generally known, that silk folded and put into a press and screwed down very hard, will, after remaining in it a few hours, be prettily watered, equal in every respect to what is e@ﬀected by hot‐pressing. Seed corn soaked in a solution of Glauber's salts, will vegetate quickly, and the salts will protect it against worms, fowls, and birds. This accidental discovery, it is said, has been fully tested. A gentleman lately dead, has left by will a sum of @ﬁve hundred guineas to his wife, adding a clause, that she was not to have the bene@ﬁt of it till after her death, in order that she might have where@‐withal to be buried in a comfortable manner. When M. de Latour‐Maubourg had a leg shot o@ﬀ by a cannon ball, his servant began to weep@ ! Why are you grieved ? said the brave General to him dost thou not see you will have a boot less to clean ? ################# American paper says, a black woman, walking on all‐fours, possessing the agility of a monkey in climbing, conversing freely in Creole French, and having t@he lower limbs vulgarly called legs of the ourang‐outang, is advertising for exhibition at New Orleans ! NEGROES.-Blumenbach gives us a most entertaining ac- count of a little library which he possesses of works written by Negroes, from which it appears that there is not a single department of taste or science in which some Negro @has not distinguished himself. A negro about to purchase a @ﬁsh, visited a shop where several were exposed for sale @but suspecting that one, which he int@ended to @buy, was not altogether as fresh as @he could wish, he presumed either to dissipate or con@ﬁrm his suspicions by applying it to his nose. T@he @ﬁshmonger, conscious that it would not bear much examination, and fearing that ot@her customers might catch t@he scent, exclaimed in a surly tone- How dare you to smell my @ﬁsh ? Me no smell, me only talking to him, massa. And what were you talking to him about ? Me ask him, massa, what t@he best news at sea@? And what reply did he make you ? Oh, massa, he say he know no news, as he have not been there these three week. One Sunday, two sailors being together in Stoke Church, of which the Rev. John Hawker is curate, one of them asked @his messmate t@he meaning of the letters I.H.S. on t@he pulpit- cloth. You fool, says the other, don't you see it stands for John Hawker, Stoke. This explanation quite satis@ﬁed Jack not so did the sermon, for the parson preached so long that dinner was spoiled, and Jack vowed that he never would visit that church again. Some time afterwards, being at another port, he went to church, but @he had scarcely taken his seat when @he saw the letters I.H.S. on the pulpit‐cloth. Oh, ho says he, John Hawker, Stoke, here too-I've lost one dinner by hi@m # wont lose anotherand with these words he made a ############# church, congratulat- ing himself upon his ####################### following cement is recommended as perfectly e@ﬀective for withstanding the combined @eﬀect of @ﬁre and water. Take any quantity of lime, recently prepared from calcined oyster shells, and mix to the consistence of paste with white of egg, and lay it immediately into the @ﬁssure, when it will soon consolidate to the hardness of stone. Like the Roman cement, if su@ﬀered to dry while using, it is quite insoluble again even by strong acid. T@he following passage of Don Quixote bears a singular ap- plication to the a@ﬀair at Navarino. In the 38th chapter, the captive, relating his adventures, says- The year following I was at Navarino, rowing in t@he captain‐galley, and there I saw and observed t@he opportunity that was then lost of taking the whole Turkish navy in port. For all the Levan- tines and Janissaries, Egyptians and Turks on board took it for granted they should be attacked in the harbour, and had their baggage and their passamaques, or shoes, in readiness for running away immediately by land. But heaven ordered it otherwise, for t@he sins of Christendom, and because God permits and ordains, that there should always be some scourges to chastise us. ############################ patent has been lately obtained for making a @ﬁre‐proof roo@ﬁng of thin cast iron plates, so as to lock into each other, and e@ﬀectually carry o@ﬀ the rain. It is said, the cost of this roo@ﬁng will not exceed one‐third that of lead, and be equally durable. It is also less weight per 100 square feet than a roof of the best thick slating, and much less liable to damage from violent gales of wind, and, therefore, peculiarly adapted to buildings of the larger class, both in safety and economy. A ################################## passengers set out in the Essex coach, from their inn, in London, on a December morning. It was dark as pitch and one of them not being sleepy, and wishing for a little conversation, endeavoured, in the usual mode, to stimulate his neighbour to discourse. A very dark morning, Sir Shocking cold weather for travelling Slow going in these heavy roads, Sir. None of these observations producing any answer, the sociable man made one more e@ﬀort. He stretched out his hand, and feeling t@he other's garment, exclaimed, What a very comfortable coat, Sir, you have got to travel in ! No answer was made and the inquirer, fatigued and disgusted, fell into a sound nap, nor awoke till the brightest rays of a winter's sun accounted to him for t@he taciturnity of his companion, by presenting to his view a huge bear luckily for him, muzzled and con@ﬁned , in a sitting posture, which was conveying to a country fair for exhibition. ########################################## the cli- mate of this country has undergone a considerable change within these last hundred years, is allowed by all who have considered the subject, and nothing furnishes a more con- vincing proof of this than the history of the vine. Previous to the reign of Henry VIII. every abbey and monastery had its vineyard. In t@he rent rolls of churc@h property, in those days, and long afterwards, it appears considerable quantities of grapes were paid as tithes, and the vestiges of some of those vineyards remains to this day. They were usually placed on the south side of the hill, in a light dry soil, having the sur- face covered with sand, the vines being trained near the ground. But wit@h such inclement and changeable springs and long protracted winters as have been experienced of late, even such frost as is seen at the moment I am writing 24th of April , vines as standards in the open air would be destroyed, or at least no dependence could be placed upon them for a crop. But vineyards in this country could neither be so pro@ﬁtable, nor are they so necessary as they were in those days inter- national intercourse is now more open, and corporations, whether religious or civil, can be supplied with grapes in any shape, and t@heir precious juice in any quantity, at a cheaper rate than even home grown, or home made. In their culti- vation in this country, practitioners are more likely to err in planting them in too rich than too poor a soil the @ﬁrst adds too much to their natural luxuriance of growth, and always reduces the @ﬂavour of the fruit. ####################### this inclement season, hardly a single person escapes what is called a cold, and but few so af@ﬂicted know how to treat it. The following advice is that given by t@he late Dr. Beddoes, in his instructions - It s@hould be recollected, that a cold is occasioned either by a sudden change from cold to heat, or from heat to cold but more frequently by the former. - When a cold, attended with a cough, is fastened upon a person, what is proper to be done ? This ought generally to be known, as the poor cannot a@ﬀord, and others at @ﬁrst will seldom take t@he pains to seek advice. It is not right, then, in the begin- ning of a cold, to make t@he room where you sit warmer than usual, to increase the quantity of bed‐clothes, to wrap your- self in @ﬂannel, or to drink large draughts of piping @hot bar- ley‐water, boiled up with raisins, @ﬁgs, liquorice‐root, and t@he like. This is the right way to make the disorder worse.-Perhaps there would be hardly such a thing as a bad cold, if people, when they @@ﬁnd it coming on, were to keep cool, to avoid wine and strong drinks, and to con@ﬁne themselves for a short time to a simple diet, as potatoes and other vegetables, with toast and water. I @have known instances of heat in the nostrils, di@@ﬃculty of breathing, with a short tickling cough, and other symptoms, threatening a violent cold, go o@ﬀ @entirely in consequence of this plan being pursued. I have found the pulse to beat from 12 to 20 strokes in a minute less, after a person at the onset of a cold had continued quiet three quarters of an hour in a cool room. It is not only warmth, suddenly applied, @that will throw any part of the body, after it @has been starved or benumbed, into violent action, and bring on in@ﬂammation strong liquors will do the same. ###################### a report of the Council of Health Gazette de Sante, Dec. 5 , appears an account of the suicides committed in Paris in 1826. The number amounts to 511. The principal causes, from t@he inquiries of the commissioners, appear to be love, domestic chagrins, misery , diseases, mad- ness, derangement of a@ﬀairs, and, lastly, gaming. Of these 511 suicides, 417 only have known causes and of these417, 69 are attributed to t@he lottery and to gaming, forming almost a quarter of t@he whole, when it is considered that the domestic chagrins, and t@he derangement of a@ﬀairs mentioned among t@he causes of a great number of suicides, ought in part to be attributed to play. With regard to t@he 94, the causes of which are not precisely mentioned, there is reason to believe that gaming may be assigned as the origin of many, for, generally speaking, gamblers keep t@heir way of life secret, and dare not communicate to their families the subject of their distresses most oftentimes, also, despair seizes them unawares and suddenly, which is t@he reason that t@heir relations and neig@hbours are not aware of t@he cause of it.-French paper. ######################### @number of an American paper, says-Yesterday we observed an immense @ﬂock of blackbirds, extending more than half a mile in length, and some rods in breadth. T@heir direction was south, making a noise wit@h their wings almost deafening. They seemed to proceed in their course with t@he utmost regularity, having every appearance of being conducted by a leader. There were numbers of them skirting t@he main body, and apparently acting as @ﬂank guards. There must have been some tens of thousands of them.-A few days ago a Canadian woman, at Chambly, while making an omelet for some persons who were to breakfast wit@h her, opened an egg for the purpose, and, to her surprise, found it contained a live snake, about two inches in length, and resembling, in almost every par- ticular, the common grass‐snake, with the exception of the head being unusually large and @ﬂat. When liberated, it crawled about in the frying‐pan with muc@h alacrity. Several of the neighbours were witnesses of the fact. The hen that laid the egg was immediately killed, and a number of soft eggs were taken out of her, each of which, on being broken, was found to contain a snake, in size and perfection propor- tioned to the egg which contained it. #################### are personally assured @by a re- spectable gentleman, that the following is strictly and literally true -Some time ago, an out‐house belonging to a gentleman in t@he neighbourhood of Oswestry was very mu@ch infested wit@h rats at a distance of @about 80 yards from the building, a constant stream of water passes, and it @has been observed that this species of vermin are fond of a damp or wet situation. Either by age or accident, one of t@he fraternity was entirely blind and to show the wonderful sagacity of the animals, one of its companions actually carried a piece of straw several inches long in its mouth, and, placing one end of it in the mouth of its blind companion, led it to t@he stream of water, a distance of some yards, by the other end of the straw!-Whether this was its usual manner or not, t@he person who witnessed t@he fact had not an opportunity of observing.-Shre@wsbury Chronicle. LOCAL AND PROVINCIAL NEWS. Continued ## in the third page.e. ################ following @have been committed to t@he Gaol of this town, since our last -@John Dayre, for stealing beef, the property of Mr. Wm. An@ﬁeld and Mary Brown and Thomas Crosby, for stealing a pair of shoes, t@he property of Robert Lenham. ##################### Monday t@he sitting Magistrates were Jonas Brown@ Esq and the Rev J. Gilby. The following persons have been committed from the Public Hall since our last ‐‐‐‐John Carr, an Irishman, charged with having, on the night of Tuesday week, stolen a lead pump, from the premises of the late Mr. Ombler, of Camerton. Jane Donovan was sent to the sessions for trial, as an in- corrigible rogue. She is an old o@ﬀender, having been a source of annoyance for upwards of thirty years, in the course of which period she has been committed and passed to her settlement times out of number. Henry Doughty was committed on a charge of stealing a quantity of oats and beans, in February last, the property of his mas- ter, J. K. Watson, @Esq. Thomas Lister, farrier, at Beverley, charged with receiving the property, has given bail to appear at t@he sessions.‐‐- ################ charged w@ith stealing a sheep, near Paull, was further examined on Saturday week, at Beverley, and fully committed for trial. We gave t@he details last week. The following committals to the House of Correction at Beverley, in addition to those from Sculcoates Hall, @have taken place since our last -Francis Cutts, charged with entering the plantations of Chas. Grimston, Esq. at Kilnwick, with intent illegally to destroy game, on the night of t@he 20th Dec. last. Wm. Brown, charged with violently assault- ing Wm. Clayton, of Kel@ﬁeld, in the East‐Rid@ing, he being in the due execution of @his o@@ﬃce as constable for trial at the next sessions. John Creaper and Wm. Pease, for deserting their wives and families the former to be imprisoned one calendar month, and the latter seven days, each to hard labour. Mary Allanson and Elizabeth Brown, disorderly ser- vants the former one month, the latter 14 days to hard labour. Henry Ward and Wm. Armstrong, for disobeying orders of bastardy, to be imprisoned three months to hard labour. John Foster, for vagrancy, to be imprisoned three calendar months Jacob Johnson, for vagrancy, one calendar month, and John Broadburn, for vagrancy, 14 days, each to hard labour. Lately, a labourer, called Edward Banks, in the employ of Mr. Wheatley, farmer, Garton, while oiling a thrashing machine, unfortunately got his right hand entangled. Mr. Harwood, surgeon, of Dri@@ﬃeld, was called in, who, on exa- mination, found t@he fractures and laceration so extensive, that @he deemed immediate amputation necessary. T@he patient is now doing well. ################################# Bentley, of Cleck- heaton, charged with being concerned, along wit@h J. S@choles, J. Bentley, J. Brooke, S. Smith, and others yet unknown, in t@he wilful murder of U. Wor@mersley, on the night of t@he 30th Nov. Matthew Appleyard, of Denby, for breaking into the warehouse of Joshua Moxon, at Denby aforesaid, and stealing therefrom a quantity of goods, his property. Joseph Hud- son, charged with robbing the shop of Mrs. Wood, pawnbroker, of seven watches and ot@her articles. T@he prisoner was ap- prehended shortly after the robbery, with four of the watches concealed in his hat. ############################## the periodical meeting of the festival committee, held on Wednesday, Mr. Price, of Ciementhorpe, and Mr. John Woodall, jun. of Scarbro', were added to t@he committee. Mr. Davies was appointed t@he treasurer. Mr. Camidge, Dr. Camidge, Mr. White, and Mr. P. Knapton, were appointed assistant conductors. Doctor Camidge was engaged as t@he organist. Various resolutions were passed relative to the engagement of vocal and instru- mental performers. The orchestra in the Festival Concert Room is to be re‐constructed the present one being extremely inconvenient, and indeed dangerous , and the room itself will be better ventilated. Arrangements are making to get up a series of concerts, at York, under the management of Dr. Camidge, and Mr. P. Knapton. York minster was much crowded on the afternoon of C@hristmas‐Day the light@‐ﬁngered gentry took advantage of this circumstance, to rob a gentleman of a gold watch‐key and seals one of the vergers was also plundered of a pair of silver‐mounted spectacles. At the Guildhall, York, on Saturday week, an information was laid against a person named Parker, for leaving a heap of dirt in Coney‐street, by which the Hull mail was overturned on the preceding Thursday evening. It appeared a man had been placed at the spot to watch, but had gone home to his supper. Parker was ordered to pay the expense of the damage done to the coach £1 14s. 6d. , a @ﬁne of 5s., and the costs. The following stale trick, which has been repeatedly at- tempted and but too frequently succeeded , at every horse fair in England, was last week played o@ﬀ at the Christmas show at York. A party of sharpers met with a green‐horn, from the neighbourhood of T@hirsk, o@ﬀering for sale a horse at the price of £25. One of the party o@ﬀered him £23, which he refused-another o@ﬀered to exchange with @him-and a third o@ﬀered £24 for the horse he was to receive in exchange. T@he exchange took place, but when he looked round for t@he man that o@ﬀered him £24, he had decamped, and left the farmer to the jest and ridicule of the party. He was advised to make t@he @best of the horse he had received, and in the end sold him for £9. Arrangements are making for a new mail coach, to com- mence running on the 5th instant, to carry four inside and four outside passengers, to leave Leeds daily for Halifax, about half‐past @ﬁve, or as soon after t@he arrival of the London mail, as may be convenient. Among the list of gentlemen, to whom his Majesty has granted the dignity of Baronet, is t@he Honourable Edward Marmaduke Vavasour, of Haslewood, in the county of York, brother of the Right Hon. Lord Stourton. Lord Wharucli@ﬀe @has presented the Rev. James Flowerdew with t@he livings of Essie and Nevy vacant by the translation of the Rev. James Miller. A ######################## week, the following ######################################## Monday, December 24. Our market, being held o@ﬀ our regular day, has been but thinly with either buyer or seller but any thing o@ﬀering in wheats ########################################################################################################################################################## no alteration in old foreign. Oats and beans are both with@@- ########################################################## @alteration in value, and the demand for both continues very limited. The principal supply of barley has been from this neighbourhood a@nd Lincolnshire, which only meets a slow sale at our late quotations. In old@@ grinding parcels no alteration.@@ Rapeseed is comparatively con@ﬁned to few hands, and held @ﬁrmly at our quotations. Linseed in limited demand at late ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### @£0 17s. 4d. Rye, none Beans, 81 qrs. 5 bushels, @£2 2s. 0d. Peas, 10 qrs. 0 bushels, £2 8s. 0d. The above Return of British Corn only, is computed by the Imperial Measure, agreeably to the 7th and 8th Geo. IV. cap. 58. WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET. Friday, December 28. There is a good supply of wheat for this day's market as also a consi@der- able quantity of barley and beans. In consequence of the holidays, we have a thin attendance of buyers. Wheat sells heavily at the rates of last week, and barley likewise rules dull, but no less prices are taken. Beans have again receded 1s. per quarter, and any thing except the dryest parcels are di@@ﬃcult to quit. Oats and shelling remain @the same in value, and the de- mand still limited. No variation in other articles. Wheat, Su@ﬀolk and Norfolk, old, 55s to 58s-New, #### to @@56s-Boston a@nd Wis@bech, @53s to 54s-new, 47s to @53s-Yorkshire, old, 55s to 56s-new, 46s to 50s-Foreign, 48s to 52s  qr. of@@ 60. Barley, Su@ﬀolk and Norfolk, new, @@32s to 33s-Fine, 35s-Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, 2@9s to 31s-Foreign Malting, 00s to 00s-Grinding, 29s to 30s  qr. imperial. Beans, English, 5@9s to 62s-New, 42s to 45s-@Egyptian, 4@4s to 45s  quarter of @@63℔. Oats, Potatoe and Poland, 32s to 3@4s ####################### English new, @11d to 12½d-Foreign new, @11½d to 12½d-Riga and Archangel, 1@3d  stone. Shelling, new, 28s to 30s  load. Malt, 40s to 42s-@ﬁne, 00s @ load. Flour, 40s. to 42s. per sack. Rapeseed, English, £23, £24-Foreign, £22 £25  last. Rape Cake, £5-Linseed Cake, £10. Arrivals.-Wheat, 5@637 qrs. Oats, 431 Barley, 6914 Beans, 1571 Peas, 97 Rapeseed, - Malt, 172 @@Shelling, 245 load@s Flour, 0 bags Tares, 00 qrs. Linseed, 00 qrs. Rye, 000 qrs. CORN‐EXCHANGE, MARK LANE. Friday, Dec. 28.-Our market, generally, has been very dull since Mon- day, and wheat searcely sells on so good terms, owing to the very large arrival of @ﬂour coast@ways-upwards of 14,000 sacks. Barley also in somewhat lower, in consequence of the largeness of t@he supply and beans and @peas scarcely sell on so good terms. In oats t@here is very little business doing, but we can scarcely call them chea@per. In other articles no variation worth notice. CURRENT PRICES OF GRAI@N, PER QUARTER. ############################################### Leeds M@ary Batty @Riley stated that she was a widow, and resided @@@@@at a small house in Vienna‐street, in this town. On the 15th ult. she was returning home from transacting some business in the town, when the prisoner, William Wood, came up to her and asked her whether she was married, as he was in search of a wife. Mrs. Riley asked him his name, trade, and address, c. which he refused to tell her. He walked with her as far as Quarry‐Hill, where Mrs. Riley, not being quite satis@ﬁed with her strange suitor, went into a friend's house, and remained there some time. When she had gone about one hundred yards from the house, she was again joined by the prisoner, who renewed his suit with encreased vigour. They arrived afterwards at her house about nine o'clock. Ward went in and sat down, w@here he remained till @ﬁve o'clock the next morning. On that day Mrs. Riley received informa- tion that her mother was unwell, and on the following morning went to Hudders@ﬁeld to see her. She returned home on Saturday week, and found Ward in the house she locked the door and kept him there till a constable was sent for and he was apprehended. On examination it was disco- vered that @he had a pair of her late husband's shoes on his ########### pawned a green silk scarf, and some ot@her wearing @apparel belonging to Mrs. Riley. He was committed for trial at the next sessions.-Leeds Intelligencer. ##################### Mark Robinson, w@ho has been in this town during last week, has been making a proposition to the clergy of this parish to add to the present system of the establishment, that of Church methodism. Two meetings of the clergy were held last week, when Mr. Robinson bad the opportunity of stating his plan of proceeding. We under- stand his communication met with a kind reception, but we have not heard even the substance of @his address. If the plan @he now proposes be somet@hing like what @has been adopted at other places, we can give our readers an outline of it.-Preachers arc employed by the clergy, with a salary of perhaps £50 per annum, which is paid by t@he churchwardens out of the parish rates. It is their duty to meet the classes, renew the tickets quarterly, to receive the contributions of t@he members, and pay the proceeds into the hands of the church- wardens, to hold love‐feasts, to preach in places where there is not su@@ﬃcient church accommodation, and at such times as will not interfere with the regular service of the establish- ment. All the members will of course have the rites of bap- tism, burial, @c. performed at the parish church, and they will be regular communicants at the altar of the Church of England. -@Leeds Intelligencer. At the collegiate and parish church of Manchester, on Sun- day week, no fewer than two hundred and thirty‐six couples challenged the whole race of political economists to shew@@ cause or just impediment why they should not respectively be lawfully joined together in holy matrimony. Bad as times are, our working classes, it would appear, will @not be deterred by population theories, from following the bent of their inclinations. The Richmond Forest Yeomanry Cavalry, and the Craven Legion are now disbanded, and Lord Grantham and Lord Wharncli@@ﬀe's corps are retained. In both cases, the order, it is s@aid, came directly from the Marquis of Lansdowne. On Friday week, a little boy, the son of Mr. Stephen Smith, of Woodhouse, near Keighley, when @returning from school, was blown into the Sun Beck, and drow@ned. It is said, t@he engineer at Mr. Warner's factory at Lough- borough, Leicestershire, has made a discovery which doubles the pow@er of the steam engine and that he has been o@ﬀered £1000 for the secret. O@n Tuesday week, a meeting of more than 100 coach‐pro- prietors, was held at Leicester, and by adjournment, on Thursday week, at Market Harborough. The object of this meeting, was, we understand, to make a general regulation of coach fares, and to do away with that opposition which leads to furious driving, and frequently occasions the loss of life. We have likew@ise heard that the question of steam- coaches was ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Average Price of Corn, per quarter, for the week ending Dec. 14. IMPERIAL ###################################################################################### OF FLOUR IN LONDON. Per sacks delivered. Per sack on board ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### appeared to be a great nu@@mber of buyers of co@ﬀee to a considerable extent, but the ofſers they tendered were at prices below our last quoted prices t@he consequence is, no purchases are reported to have been e@ﬀected. TALLOW.-Towards the close of the last week the tallow market con- tinued to improve both in demand and price this morning t@he market is not so brisk, but there is not as yet any variation reported in the currency. The stock, in @London, at present, consists of 39,412 casks the weekly de- livery may @be quoted at 1,642 casks, at 38s.  cwt. OILS.-In oils there is not any material variation. COTTON.-In t@he cotton market there is no alteration the sales for ############################# inclusive, are too inconsiderable to be ########################### latest sales of fruit are reported to be to some extent. @Red Smyrna raisins at 47s. Valentia ditto, held at 53s. In other descriptions of fruit there is no material alteration. SPIRITS.-As is customary during Christmas week, but very little busi- ness of any sort has been done in Mincing‐lane, and prices may be quoted nominally about the same as our last. A sale of a@bout 100 puncheons of Leewards has been submitted to at nearly a @penny  gallon below the cur- rency, @and which is the only one, of any consequence, reported. Proofs, and two  cent. overproof, 2s. 3d. to @2s. 4d. @Four to @ﬁve per cent. ditto, ditto, 2s. 5d. to 2s. 6d. In Jamaica, although not much business doing, prices continue ####### AND WINES.-The demand of late for the home trade has been very considerable, but with little or no variation in prices. FROM TUESDAY NIGHT'S GAZETTE. BANKRUPTS. Wm. Kendrick, Daventry, Northamptonshire, grocer. Wm. Poynter, Lamb's Conduit‐street, ########### @W. Addison @and J. Wren, Man- chester, drapers. J. Botto@mley, W@@eakey, Yorkshire, clothier. ########## @Manchester, cordwainer. J. B. Taylor, sen, and J. B. Taylor, jun. Stock- port, Chester, iron founders. DIVIDENDS. W. Coupland and @W. B. Colton, Liverpool, merchants, Jan. 19, at one, at the @George Inn, Liverpool. C. Pasheller and J. Pas@heller, Huntingdon, bankers, Jan. 16, at eleven, at the George Inn, Huntingdon. BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED. P. M. Gri@@ﬃth, Birmingham, jeweller. FRIDAY's G@AZETTE. BANKRUPTS. R. Hod@son, Coburg‐place, Borough‐road, glass@man. I. Haley, Bramley, Leeds, ########################## J. Horsley, E. G. Hill, Billiter‐square, merchants. @W. Mardall, @Water‐lane, brandy‐merchant. John Monk- house, Camberwell, tavern‐keeper. J. Randall, Kentish‐town, auctioneer. S. Thompson, Leighton Bussar@d, Bedfordshire, str@aw‐plat dealer. @W. ######## @@@Dartford, Kent, @patent washing‐machine‐ma@nufacturer. R. Parry, Ruthin, Denbighshire, linen‐draper. BANKRUPTCIES ENLARGED. @W. H. Cooper, Canon‐row, Westminster, dealer in Roman cement. @W. Jessup, jun. Broad‐street, Ratcli@ﬀ, victualler. BANKRUPTCY SUPERSEDED. @W. B. Harrison, Manchester, cotton‐dealer. DIVIDEND. R. Cook and R. Sutton, Barton‐upon‐Humber, Lincolnshire, corn‐factors, Jan. 19, at twelve, at the Kingston Hotel, Kingston‐upon‐Hull. PARTNERSHIPS DISSOLVED. J. Atkinson, jun., J. Ellam, and J. Kirk, Bradley Mills, Dalton, York- shire, wood‐cutters. B. Butterworth, G. Mallinson, and E. Johnson, of Hudders@ﬁeld, Yorkshire, merchants. CERTIFICATES-Jan. 18. M. Heaton, Royd's House, Haworth, Yorkshire, worsted‐spinner. J. Martindale, of Chester‐le‐Street, farmer. @H. and T. Wea@therald, of Kirkby Malzeard, Y@orkshire, ############################# Buttivant, Appledore, near Bideford, Devonshire, merchant. J. @Wal- ters, Cwm‐Corwg‐House, near Newport, Monmouthshire, retail‐brewer. @@HULL Printed and Published by and for the Proprietor, T. TOPPING, OPPOSITE THE CHURCH‐YA@RD, ########################################################################################### Brigg, Richardson Caistor, Nainby Grimsby, Skelton Gainsborough, Drury Dri@@@ﬃeld, Turner Leeds, Heaton Lincoln, Drury Liverpool, Willmer Louth, J. J. Jackson ###################################################### Smithson, jun. Manchester, Forrest Newark, Ridge Newcastle, Walker Pontefract, Elcock Scarbro', Mrs. Ainsworth Selby, Galpine She@@ﬃeld, Ridge Shields, Peart, Stockton, Miles Whitby, Kirby #######################################