[OCR_toInput] -3 0 l iVo 22,813. Pi LONDON. MOW DAY. JANUARY 2, 1843. C T BAM to HAVRE in lieu of the PHENIX.-W,UJAM WWOETT. Oaptela F x Loudon T er day J aimarjW,,a lEight, a.m. Friday, January fl jnday, January 89 v __ _ I Batten and Edwards, P om Hayu. Thursday, Jan, 5 Min Sunday, Jan. 18 5? 0 iX 1R Wednesday, Jan. 25 XTOTICE i hereby given, that a SPECIAL AN GENERAL MEETING ef the PROPRIETORS of tbe LON-'NO HAM RAILWAY COMPANY wltThe held tithe ndon, Monday, the 16th day of January now lse ~ . to tide. ay. In. u 66. Lower Thames street Hore' Baekina onoea. 18, Strand, und 14. Bocfcler bury James Hartley and G kj The City of Dublin Steam Paci powerful atrein ' ea i for Cr -January, or Aider Crutohed friar 44, Re ft nt-etreet, Pi TEAM for CORK, calling at PLYMOUTH.-7 1 City of Dublin Steam Packet Company's aple W•fc 1 THE LEEDS. Captain R. WxiXli COft.v, call inn at PLYMOUTH, on Saturday moral 7 t Eight o'clock. Passengers can embark at Si. Xi lerman Stairs. below the Tower.-Offices, 1C, Jol Company's splendid and in R. WILLIAMS, will ling, 7 th of 'atherine s _ -.-. - Offices, 1C, John-itreet, i PtcoidUlr Dublin 8team Wharf, Iroatat j. Agent in Cork.O.Lefebum, Esq.. Liwer Merchaut's-auay, Smt scut for to any ? art of town. Au heavy Roods, carriages, K r ea, foe.for shipment, to be sent to the Dublin SUvn-wharf, Ironvate. adjoining h Tower. A sylum for female orphans, wet-ralB.t.r-MIdrre-rora, Umbeth.-A QUARTERLY COURT of Ik. Guardian of lltl. Charity will be held .t Ih. limitation on Thul . dra neit.Jrauur 5th, ,t Twelve o'clock preeiMlr.oa Mineral butinew. W.TJaVIKS, Sec. K OYAL FREEMASONS' SCHOOL for FE MALE CHILDREN.-A QUARTERLY OKNERAL COURT ©i inis Institution will be holdcn at the 8c hool-hooi'j, WestmiHPter-r ad. on Thursday, the 18th day of January. b'Atar t, at twelve o'clock nrecieely. FRANCIS CREW, Secretary, January 1, 1U . ,7. Lamb'a Conduit-elrcet. B ritish orphan asylum, CJm ham-riw. that the ANNUAL OR-Nr.iiAL MEETING, and Thirty-flm Half-yearly Election, will take tiie LoiuionTnyern. Bieliopwate-i tre t,on Monday, January 16, 1342, when Six Children will be elected. The Ballot will com mence at Twelve o'clock, vn 1 tbe door of the room will be closed at Three precisely. After thd Election the general b sinefs will be tran-, JOHN I AVI8. A.M , Hon.Secretary. Applications to be made at the Office, No. II, Abchurch-lane, c . wodviesdayR, from Eleven to Four o'clock or to thu Assistant Decre-2S JW t r, Mr. J. Leach, 11. President street East, Goe-Well-road. T he puovident clerks mutual RKNBPIT ASSOCIATION and BBNKVOT.BNT FUND, 60, Kin. W iIlian -stroti, London-brMf, December iMt. Notiee Is hereby irfv.n, that the SECOND ANNUAL GENERAL jlBETINOof the MEMBERS of the Benefit Department of this As tor at on will bo held at these officer, on Monday Evening, the 16th ■Mi-_ naaoment and General'committee, will be filled up. 11 rr. esnar.oe of a rrqnitftlon to me, as Ch man of this DON and BIRRING Euston Hotel, Lond _. , t 9 n .'xt rnsulng, at Twelvo,o'cloc . precisely, for ths purpose of consl donng the xpedtency of authorising tbe Directors to apply to Par-liament in the ensuing Session for an Act to make a Branch Rail way from the Ha n Line In the parish of Blisworth, In the countyof Northampton, to the city of Pe' erborouKh, and to adopt such mea sures as may be necss arv to effect that object. 9J £411RQLYN. Chairman 0f tbe Board ef JOSEPH F. LBD3AM, Deputy Chairman Directors, By order. R. CREED, Secretary. OffiCf, Button Station, Dec. 81, 1848, E dinburgh and Glasgow railway.-NKW STOCK .-QUARTER SHARE8.-Tbe THIRD CALL, Min, TWO POUNDS TEN SHILLINGS per SHARE. Mb due. In Ibe_E.Mtl.Uori. of Ike SbnrrhoMen, on Tunday. Jutnary Jfth, 181V. Inlerem at th. rate ol live percent, will be chirred, from the chore dele, on the .mount of the GUI unpaid and interact Kbam 0W bf th Conipu ' T l #• vatrtr r t oa all Calb paid In The I'ronrlttora will plcaee ta obeerve that tbe receipt for all the AW.-SOLICITORS' BILLS.-A London So-I t Call! eubseriuent to tha flret tiiU.t be given by tbe Bankere on the E'Up. U 'r evidence of payment being ndmlreibb. Scrip may UiWbed by forwerdlni to thl. Office tbe receipt for the Hret Call. wlll 1 r ® 1111 In arrrar of ana or both of the Sret end eecend Calb. .are requeeted to make immediate payment nf them with internet. H. G. WRIGHT, Sec. Edinburgh Md Qbaaow Hallway Office. Qlaagnw. Pan. t. 180. . TTNIVER8ITY COLLEGE, London. FA-CULTYofARTSand LAWS. The LECTUBBS on the claaeea In thle fuculty will be RE6UHEO on Tueeday, the loth af January, 1813. Such a dlvieirn of the subject b made in mostclavees ac enable, a student to enter advantageouely at thin part of the came. OFORGE LONG. A.M . Oem. Dec. 1841. CHARLES C. ATKINSON. Secretary tolheCouncil. XITILSON'S SCOTTISH ENTERTAINMENTS. ▼ ? -At tho Music HallajStore-street, THIS EVENING, Jt-nuary 8, at Eight o'clook, Mr. WILSON will give his Entertainment, HHiprieing th ADVENTURES of PR INCF. CHARLES, with the illustrative Jacobite soncs. Pianoforte. Mr. Land.- 1 Tickets, 2s. reserved seats, 2 . 6d. private fc x s for six, I5s. for eight, £1. RAND BALL, Crowu and Anchor Tavern, VJT Strand.-Mr. CALDWELL beg to announce that his SE COND grand PLAIN DRESS BALL this season will take place In the great room of the al ove Tavern TO-MORROW, January 3. - Tickets. 3s. each, to be had at Mr, OaMwall's academy for dancing. S' , Dean street, Soho bar of the Crown and Ancii mnd rtfi#' r rlncipal muslc sell re. Mr. Csldwell will be happy'to give instruc-ons to any party in a few easy lesson , so thsTthey may take part in the quainllee so often danced at thiafo tive apa on. Terms four they may take part •f lo ury n t. hi Six d'tto'k red ely_ At this meeting vacancies, which hnva neeumfi kn 4 ,h Board of ml Oonr' Management and General i H lion, vigvtcd by seven members, this meeting is mads sjrecinl, to np poiat a Committee to revise rules. ... . GEORGE THOMAS, Chairman. N.fi. Tho Annual General Meeting of the B nevolent D partnunt will be held on the 6ih of February next, of wnioh due notiee wili be given. OYAL SANTIAGO MININO COMPANY.-Notice l hereby given, that the GENERAL MEETING of Iks HHAREIIOLDEhS will be Paid at th office of the company on W ,• Hu driay, the 4th of January next, at One o'clock precisely, when the directors will make their report and d c1are a d.v dend. 8 . 1 road-street-building , December 16, iwt. CJMIF, Court of Directors of tbsTsT KATHA-1 RINE DOCK COMPANY do hereby give retire, that _ GENERAL HALF-YEARLY MEETING of the PROPRIETORS will b held at the Dock-house, Towur-hill, in the county ef Middle sex , on Tu'aday. thr nth day of January next, at Twelve o'clock at E wn, for the purpose of declaring a DIVIDEND on the Capital Stock of the Company, for the Half-Year mding tbe 31st instant, when the accounts t f receipts and disbursement of the said Com-eany, for tbe year ending th 3l t Instant, will be laid before the proprietors, which accounts will be ready for examination or in erection, by auch Proprietors, on and after the 3d day of January next. Tiie ' looks of the Company will close on Saturday, the 24th Initent, and open on Monday, the 23d day of January next. By order of the Court, JOHN HALL, Secretary. Ft. Katharine Deck-house, Dec. 20, 1642. N.B. The chair wili be token at One o'eiock precPely. A nglo Mexican mint office, d, New Hroad-streot. Lonc o°. December 17, 1642. Notice is hereby given, that a SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING of Shareholders of the Angle Mexican Mint Company will be held at th Office, ou Wednesday, the 4th ?f January next, to take into con-• ileratiort the expediency of raising additional capital for the pur poses of the Company. The chair will be taken at two o'clock precisely. O. B. LONSDALE, 8#c TH SUITABLE CORPORATION.-The Court V. J of Proprietors of this corporation have declar d a DIVIDEND of GNU SHILLING and SIXPENCE, a SHARE, which will be PAID Air. Till'.- office, Guildhall buiHings, London, on the 10th of Jap wry institnt. OOUTH AUSTRALIAN C0MPANY-D1VI DEND.-The Director of the Roath Australian Cerepany giy notice, that the HALF YEAR'S DIVIDEND, at the rate of Four pe rent, per Annum on the paid up Capital, due ilst instant, will l e PAYABLE at the Company's Officea, on Monday, January 16, 1843. and Every subsequent day, between the hours of Eleven and Three. The Transfer Books of the Company will be closed from sd to 9th January, 4 private ieisons at any hour convenisTTf, 10s. A practical quadrille . Frid T •reftinge, from EUht Jf R. HEN RY RUS8ELL S SECOND VOCAL D . i.vLR. ENTERTAINMENT will take place at tbe Hanover-sqaare paid, but the adver-. be thorouxhly satisfied of the Integrity and ability of the applicant.-Applications to be made in wilting, to A. Z., at Mr. Bienkarit s, law bookseller. J9, Chancery-lane, London, with real name and address age, qualifications, terms, and references. GECRETARY WANTED.-The Projector of a Public Company, now in course of formation, require a SE CRETARY, who must be of first-rate address, thoroughly conver sant with business, and of highly respectable connections. He will be required to invest £1,00J in shares. Salary to commence In a few months , about £ W0 per annum at first, and increasing with the suc cess of the undertaking.-Address pre-paid to C. F. Messrs. Risley and Chappell, soliciters, Quality-court, Chancery-lane. T O PARENTS,-A Solicitor one of a firm in extensive practice in the immediate viciaity of the Temple ha a VACANCY for an ARTICLED PUPIL, who would beard with tbe advertiser at his private residence at the west-end of town. Pre mium for the five years, £409. The most unexceptionable references would be given and required.-Address, C. Fn care of Messrs. Richard , law bookseller . 194, Fleet-street. T O BARENTS and GUARDIANS.-WANTED, a respectable Youth, about fifteen or sixteen, as an APPREN TICE to an old-established SUROEON-DKNTI6T. The pupil would have unusual advantages for excelling in his profession, being under t e constant superintendence of the advertiser, who is himself a thorough practical man, both in the surgical and mechanical part but he w'11 be required to board and lodge with his friends. A mo derate premium,-For further particulars apply by letter pre-paid , with rrttl name and address to ▲. B Mr. Pollock, surgeon, S6, Hat-ton-garden. F RIDAY-STREET,-To be LET, or the LEASE to be SOLD of capital PREMISES, most desirably situate, being in the centre of the Linen and Silk Markets comprising an extensive and light warehouse on the ground floor, large warehouse on the first floor, with parlour and kitchen, drawing room and bed rooms owr, large dry cellars in thv basement, See. o.-Further par ticulars may be had of Toplis and Son, No. 16, St. Paul's Church yard S TAMPOftD-HILL.-'To be LET on Lease, by Messrs. WIN9TANLEY.-A commodious detached RESI DENCE, suited for a resoectable family, pleasantly situate as above, containing seven bed chambers, three sitting rooms, kitchen and office?, with good stabling, coachhouse, excellent garden, lawn and ffreenhouse. The whole weU supplied with spring and soft water.-Por terms and cards to view, apply at No. 10, Paternoster-row or to Mr, John Combe, solicitor. No. 9, Staple-lug, Holborn, TTALUABLE BUILDING GROUND.-Several ▼ PLOTS of GROUND on the Marquees of Exeter's estate in ie vicinity of tjie Strand, are - -E DUCATION.-Term £5 per Quarter, in-eluting bo rd, lMtraettoa either for profeeelonel or neer-til eitumtlon. ,clolhin , ctUtaaMT.uid er.rr extra. NO,raraUoM. moot unexceptionable reftwtww to puente end gn.rdtua can be xlr.naa to the treatment of tte poplli, liberal Ulet. and eratem of eduction. Garde mar ha had at reete'i Coffee-hooH, lT7 L Floet-• tract, London, hall Aeadem between Twa o the traelnieat of tha puplla. liberal diet, and •yetetn of Cerde may ha had at rtoie'a Coffee-hotue, l Ffoet-loa, where llr. TW Y MMffi. the Proprietor of Winton-bt, Kirk by Stephen. Weetnioreland, may ha eeen daily, relye and Twa o'aloah. , PUBLICATIONS. NBW SERIES FOR THE NEW YEAR. ILLUSTRATED. rpHE MONTHLY MAGLAZINfe and LIBERAL A MISCELLANY.-Arraneemente her Inn been made with writer, ofemleeiee, thle oM-a.tahll had Marina wUl henceforth furnlih Baers, Tale . andCriliclawi. in accordance with the eplrtl oftha age. Illustrations will be diran with each Number, and tha prlea btlng re diced to la. 6d it will come within tho roach of ayery pereon de-■ Irons af poewMinar an eotertaimn miscellany. Sherwood and Go., Patarnoater-row. Coutbwts tom J.iruaar i s from tha same family. Accomplishment! by maatera af amlnaaee on terms equally reaaooabla. A teacher wanted who understands the ireaeral Duslnese of a school alia a half boarder.-Gards ol address, a, Little Britain and Mr. Oram's,n, Charinc-cross. L anguages.-Hamiltonian systbm. -WINTER CLASS BE.-lea, Reyent-streeL- A pupil will aaqulra mere in flee or ill weak an thie eyatem of the speaking end rueful knowledge of a lengnage than In two yean on the old.''-Edinburgh Be.low. Thle la the areateet improvement of the age. Westminster Raflew.-M. D'UEAtBR. M.A., uslsted by Foreign Professors, sad a Graduate of Otford, is now forming ADULT CLASSES for tho Oreeh, and English languages,-I tended within ten inllee.-1 8. Bankrupt Banka .... I. Nursery Rhyme far Sncklag Politic!! 10. Art-Uniooe 11. Ptm ~ ... . Jerco Pennlleeee 11. Tho Patrician's Daughter 13. Fact and Plgarea. MiscoUanaou Notices. Books, Drama, Music, cc. French, German, Italian, Spanish, tuition. Schools and families it-mt-street. Library, lb, lloliee-street. B ULL'S NEW SYSTEM FOR FAMILIES AND BOOK SOCIETIES. Families paying £8 6a. tbe year have all the New and Standard Works they order, twelve eolumee at a time in town, or twenty-four in the country. Cntaloguee and boxes free of pipenee and two guineas' worth of the new beeki to keep at the end of each year. _ Societies can subscribe at the rate of' 14s. per member only. The new past eataloeuee, with full partkmtara, cant gratis sad post free. -Apply to Mr, Ball, librarian, as shore, T O ADVERTISERS.-'the Firit Number of the ILLUSTRATED POLYTECHNIC REVIBW a Journal de-voted to Science, the Fine Arte, and .Literature , which will be pub lished on the 7th of January, 1643, will be circulated to the extent of 30 i OO eepiec, aa i presents a first-rate medium for advertiseraent .-Office, 143, Strand. D AILY LIST of PRICES of the various FUNDS and SHARES in which'bueineM is chiefly trane-at'ted a compaSned with such remark as the frequent rhange of cir Hi~ i Ridg 1. Sir Robert Peel 8. Athena and the Athenians 3. Line from GBiensch!ceger 4. The nirroer'e Fireside, Illus-traten by Zeitter. Corn-law Tales, No. 1 6. China and the Tea Thiugs 0 Lord Braugham and David -Hume on Miracles 7. Song from Beranger . _ In an early number will be introduced No. I of M Money, a Novel, i by Daniel Hardeaatle, jun., with Hluatratione. EDITED BY THOMAS HOOD, B8Q. ILLUBTRATBD BY l-EECH. The January Number for 1843. of M w OLBURN'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINB AND HUMORIST. Contains the followingInterentlng Article private coir -r of the late c cumstancee may render necessary to be obtained of Samuel broker. Stock Bi change, and 49, Threadeedle-ttreet in will NMENT will take place at tbe Hanover-sqaare Rooms, on Thursday evening, the 12th of January. Several new com positions will be introduced, namely The Dream of the Reveller, Thf National Melodies of America, ''The Young Soldier, ' several new Indian and Prairie hobkh, Jkc.. and, by desire, The Maniac, and Th Ship on Fire. Tickets 2s. Od.each reserved seats 4t. each reserved family seals, to admit four, KM. • d. each, to be had of Messrs. Cramer, Addison, and Heale, 201, Regent-etreet and of all the prin cipal raiiEic-sellers. The new Fanda pianoforte, manufactured by Joseph Kirkman and Bon ft, willb uaedon this occasion. fi 'or particulMwapply tAMaftt ... Iccadilly or to Mr. 8ydney Smirkc, 24, Berkoley-Bqtiure. o the Marquess of Kxettr's estate in will be permanent y oularged frrm fortf-eUhtto sixty four colui wal rdt'WailhTtu r , 27, Dofion-xtrw t, tu barytas Nwlw rlbws to '•sr aj Smirkc, 24, Berkoley-sqeure. not able, conveniently, to procure it through a loc l newivei E XETER-HALL, TICKETS for the LJ may be had at Keith, Pruwse, and Co.' , 46. Cheapside. Evening New RrOHd-streuf, Dec. 23, 1843. r NioN BANK DAVID M'LAREN, Manager. 01 1 TTNI0N BANK of AUSTRALIA, 38, V J Broad i tr t, London. December SO, 1842. Not co In hMrebv given, that a SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING of the PROPRIETORS of this Hank will be held here on Monday, the td of January, at One o'clock precisely, wh n the Directors will make a stavrii- nt of the Bank's affaiss up to the 31st instant, and de clave a DIVIDEND. By order of the Beard, SAMUEL JACKSON, f ocreiary. E nglish and Scottish law, fire and LIFE ASSURANCE, and LOAN ASSOCIATION.-Offlcee, No. 147, Strand, London and 111 Princee-street, Edinburgh. Sut-scribvd Capital £i,KVi,ooo. This Association embraces every description of risk, contingent upon Life nnd Fire. A liberal system of Loan. An exten ive lenal connection, a Direction, and Proprietary com pos d of all clas'cs. A uniou of the Engli h and Erotfh system of Aseurance. For table of rates of asMirunce, annuiPea, nnd endowments, crany oihcr informntmn, apply at the Offices or to the Agents of the Ae-•ooiation. J. B, PIDQEON, Actuary. OCOT1T9H UNION INSURANCE COMPANY. IO Instituted in 1824, and incornoMtcd by Royal Charter. Loinroit Board. Charlc Ba'four, t?q. I Jokn Kingston, Esq. J. Gordon Duff, E q. j Divle Robert on, Krq. Rehrrt Murray, Esq. 1 H. F.Sandeman, Esq, R. O 'verson. Esq. John Small, Esq. Robert iillesple, F q. Daniel Stoddart, E q. James' codeo. Esq. I _ 8wt .er and Macke xie. Beq.. Manager. Mod rate Pates both for Fire and Life Assurance, liberal conditions, and unquestionable pveurity, are the distinguhhing feature of this Co.'porntion. Speciul risks reasonably rated. Tablet of rates and •Vf ry intern atien may be bad of the Secretary, at the ohiot London office, 419, W est 8tmrd, or at the city branch office, 78. Kir g Wil liam-street Manpion hou?e. F. G. SMI TH, Sec. ottish l mon Office. 449, West Strand, London. NITKD KINGPOM LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY. 8, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, London. F teblished by Act Of Parliament in IBM. Division of Profits amonic the Assured. Honorary P BaiDMTs. Lari Somers 1 ord Viscount Falkland Lord llphinstone Lord Belhaveu and Stenton. u Bari of Frrol Karl of Courtown Karl Leven and Melville F fi of Norbury Lari of Stair Dl RIOTOUS. Ja . Stuart, Esq., Chairman. H. De Castro, Eeq., Deputy-Chairman, fiamuel Anderson, Esqr Hamilton Blair Atarne, Esq. KdwardBoyd, Esq., Resident E. l.-mnox Boyd, Esq., Assistant Resident Charles Down??, Esq. Fecketary-Patrick MacIntyre, Keq. Tide C impan , established by Act ot Parliament, affords the meat perfect security in an umpte puid-up Capital, and in th great success which has attended it since Its commencement in 1834- In 1841, the Company declared n addition to Ih- Sharehaldersof oik-half of their fitock, and also added £2 per cent. p r annum from the date of the policies u those parties wno had Insured with Profits. The Premiums neverihfks are on the most moderate scale, and only a moiety need be irdd for the krst five years, where the Insurance isfer Life. T e amount of bonus added to policies since the commencement of the Company in March, 1834, to tho 3lst December, i64u, is as follows -. £rHq., 1J_ . _ Charles Graham, £sq. F. Charles Maitland, Esq. William RaUtoii, Esq. John Ritchie, Eso. F. H. Thomson, Lsq. Sum Time Bum added .Assured. Assured. to Policy. Slo.nou o Yrs.liiMlhs.l1361M.4-J. JJW 4 Years, gn o Burn Time Assured. Assured. £1,000 3 Years ims I Year turn added to Policy £60 20 Kvsry information will b afforded on application to ths Resident Directors, Edward Boyd, Esq., and B. Lennox Boyd, Esq af No. 8, Waterloo-nines, pall-mall, London. Frederick Hak Thomson,Esq., surgeon, 46, Bernera-street, atteads t the Office daily, abaut half-past Two o'clock. rpo tlie PUBLIC.-The COMMITTEE ot the Jl ART-UNION of LONDON hav-j hid their attention directed by numerous correspondents to som rec.nt announcements for the formation of Art-Union in tbe Metropolis and various provincial towns, professing to restmblo in prirciple this Society, but which are. in reality, commercial Piteculations for Individual berefit. TJ ey therefore dtem it their duty, in order to prevent misapprehension- by which serious mischief might bo done to a valuable mean of edvanc-inz tbe Arts-to 6tat' broadly that thi Society was establ'hhed soDly with the di lnt rcsted view ot di eminatinK a love cf tbe Tine Arts throughout the British Empire-of legitimately promoting their pro gress, and elevating the public taate. No gentleman connected with its management has the slightest personal interest in the purchns of Works of Art, or can possibly derive any advantage, pecuniary or otherwise, therefrom, so that there is no subordinate end of an irdiviriual nature to serve. Tits Committee cannot but view with distrust any scheme which, under the guise of such a principle as this, seeks to assume for indi viduals, actuated by pecuniary motive , an it fluence which might plHce Art and Arti'ts in a state of thraldom likely to be productive of most serious consequence . Tho Society' vronpectus and all other information may be ob tained at the office, 4,Trafalgar squarc, Charing-cros , and of any of tho local secretaries throughout the country. Rubseribtr of the cur rent year will receive, in addition to the chance of obtaining a valu able work of u't, a Line Engraving from Sir A. Caleotl'a Picture, Raffuollo andnhe Fornarlnn, by Mr. L. Blocks, which is in a rtate of considerable f orwardntss. An early subscription 1r invited. PiiBSiDBirr-H. R. H. the Duke of CAMRRIDGB. Vice Pbesidbrt- 1 The Most Noble the Marquers of NORTH AMPTON, P.R.8. Committee of Management. Henry G. Atkinson, Esq., F 0.8. j Henry Thomas Hope, Esq. le ' ' Charles Barry, Esq-. K. A. Thomas fSsll, E q., P R.8. John Briiton, Esq., F.8.A. B. B. Cabbell, Esq., F.R.S., F.8.A. William Col lard. Esq. Robert Dickson, E q., M.D., F.L.9. C, P. Dimond, E q , Treasurer Thomas L. Donaldson. Fmi. William Ewart, Esq., M.P. JohnS. Ga-koin, Esq. George Godwin, Esq., F R.S F.8.A. Thomas Griffith. Esq., M.A Sir Beniamin Hall. Bsrt.,M.P. E. Hawkins, Esq., F.R.8., F.8.A. Henry Haward, Esq. William LeuL E q William C. Macready, Esq. T. P. Matthew, Esq. T. Moore, E q., F.S.A, George Morant, E6q. George John Morant, Esq, Richard Morris, Esq. John Noble, Esq., F.S.A. Lewis Pocock, Esq.. F.S.A. Tlie Right Honourable the Lord Pradhoe W'. J. Smith, Esq. Arthur W T . Tooke. Esq., M.A. R. Zoueh S. Troughton. Esq. The Very Reverend tho Dean of Westminster Samuel W'ilaon, Esq,, Alderman Edan-d Wyndbam, Esq. Tecember 3te 1842. P URSUANT to a Decree of the Hi h Court ef Chancery, made In a cause the Marquess nf Hnrtford against Lord Lowth. r the ANNUITANTS and LEGATEES of the Mont . Noh'e FRANCIS CHARLES, late Marque of HERTFORD, I deer ased who died on or about the 1st dav of March, 1842 , are forih I With to come in end MAKE OUT THEIR CLAIMS to such Annuities I and Lf'cacies before Andrew H-nry Lynch. Esq., one of the Mas-I furs of the suid Court, ut his chambers in Southampton-building . Chancery-lane, London, or ia default thereof they will be excluded the benefit of the paid Decree. CAPRON, W ELD, BRABANT, and CAPRON, Paville-place, New Burlington-strttt. Plain itt 's salicitors. P URSUANT to a Decrre of the High Court, of Chancery, made in a cause The Marquess of Hertford against Lord l.ewther. the CREDITORS of the Most Noble FRANCIS CHARLK6, Jatr. Merquess of HERTFORD, deceased whodied on rr about the 1st day of March, 1642 , are forthwith to comeia and PROVE their DEBTS before Andrew Henry Lynch, Esq., one of the Marteis of the said Court, at his Chambers, in flouthampton-buildings. Chancery laii , London or. In default thereof, they will be excluded the benefit of the Raid Decree. CAPRON, WELD, BHABANT, and CAPRON, Saville-place, Now Burlington-strei't, Plaintiff s Solicitors. P URSUANT to a Decree of the Hisjh Court of Chancery, made in certain causes, pending in the said Court, entitled respw i l Hartsroll .wr Colvin, and • Hartwell GEO. GODWIN. F.R.8. F.S.A., LEWIS POCOCK, P.8.A. Honorary I Secretaries. l f ETR0P0L1TAN LIFE ASSURANCE SCf--iv.l. CIETY, No. 8, Princei-street, Bank. John Allcard, Esq. Richard Low Beck, Esq. Edmund C. Baiton, E q. •ir Wm. Clay, Bart., M.P. James Dawson, E q. Thomas Fowler, Esq. W illiam 8torrs Pry, Eeq. Robert Grant, V D1RICTWR8. BenJ. Hawes, Jun., Psq., M.P. John Laurence. Eeq. r William Josh. Lescher, Esq. Josvph Pros. Maubert, Estj. Joshua Scholvtield, Esq., M ,P. Henry Sturt, Esq. John Taylor, Esq. _ t Esq. George Vaughan, Esq. The Directors hereby give notice to Members whose Premiums fall ■Auv on the 5th of January nest, that ths same mutt be paid within 30 day from that date. The premium Hre payable yearly, half-yearly, or quarterly, on the Ath of January, 5th of April, 5th of July, and 5th of October, either of which several days constitutes the commencement of the year to Members. Persons, therefore, desirous ef entering the Society, as Members, on the Mb of January next, should appear or lodge thfir pr u-osals at the Office on or before that day. no various are th plans now before the public for effecting As surance on Life, it may, at first sLht, seem difficult to make choice between them. As, however, all prudent offices make a considerably higher charge in thv unuual premium than experience has hitherto shown to be necessary, but ditt.r in the mode of dis posing of tho surplus, or profit, the following classification may be made 1. Proprietary Offices, where all the surplus from premiums and othtr profits ii divided, exclusively, amongst the Share or Stock bolder . 2. Offices where the same Is divided in various proportions between • d Stock holders and the Assured. ..... 3. Office of a strictly mutual character, where the whole of the i MjNitsbl distributed amongst tin Assured only. The Metropolitan, which is oi the last class, wts established in 1835, and although no paid agents for town or country have at any time been employed, nor any expensive system of advertising resorted ' u advantages have boon so w ll appreciated by the public, tniit the annual prvmiuins already exceed £41,900. ■■ In consequence of the prosperous stale of the 8ociety s affairs, the Annual Premiums of Members of Five Years' standing have been reduced Fsrty-twoand a Half per Cent. A plan of the Society, with tables ot rates, may be obtained on ap plication at the Office. _ . RICHARD HEATH FI ELD, Superintendent. Pnncc's-itrest, Rank, Dec. 14. 1842. Kelly, thuCRKD ______ ■ 8ARKIK-L Into of Calcutta, In tho Province of Bengal, In the Ea s t Indie , Enquire , theretofore carrying cm buslne i there in copart nership w.th Johannes Sarkios, as merchants and agents, entitled to participle in th.? trusts of an Indenture of Assignment, b. arin date the .'Kth day of March, 1817, and made by the Haid Darrapiet Sarki-s an i Mfctau 8arkles. lor the BENEFIT of their CREDITUR , are, on or before the 1st day of April 1813. to come in and PROVE their DEBTS before Wi liam Wingfield, Esq., one of the Masters of the said Court, at his chambers in Southampton-bulldings, Chancerv-lane, Loudon or. in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded the benefit of the said Dieree. . OL1VBR80N DBNBY, and LAVIE, Plaintiffs' Solicitors, a. Fr derick's-place. Old Jewry. .. ii, -arCARBAPIBT SA tKlB and BECTAN il T TICE that SAMUEL o ? kNE THOUSAND ENVELOPES for Sixpence. i Black-bordered Envelopes for . Threepence. i isw Q'te n's-Bixe Nete Paper, each at . . Twopence. i.ouh Initial Wafers . , . , 2s7 Cd. i lucludlng the penny stamp, at per dqscn Is. Od. ' wlS nef £ of Nol , toi . . U. ed. , rers °f every description at wbolcsalo prices. Envelopes, nlfr. f ? r ' Wm Wwk bordered ditto, of the best quality 8tocken' pure Cumberiand lead drawing pencils. Best cony books, 6d. per ,,d complete, for 8s. d. Name-plate tle-Wm1 w b® -1 •ujwflne cards printed, for 5 .-fexent-etraet. Com.ax. th. RN ITU RE nd BEDDING,C hkiagbFbkb, tJv xed .' wgbidliM of distance, in any part ef the coun-Vra W _Aw ilc,fn treated with the same iberality as hereto-U , I S™ one-tklrd the usual expence, und alt tke JMJJiMrouble, bv selcotiiMifrom our immense stock. By our book ol IJVk JJ ??' wh i c l contaiu the price of each item, shows tlie cost of nuy will find that ac niUJi'ia h ? ur 'i r ® on,e 1 hou#e wiftl and completely fur £25 a six-ro ed diua tly for £79 a ten-roomea ditto luxuriantly for a2LuV,.Vi tlve ', r . eWlle d,lto •■P rbly for l i a single room or who • w V rm Ud - We request noainrnd kt k 1 1 0,1 oountry fwrtdeats to the important fact an-•f ,he orumonctmnt of this advertisement. Shipper also ro ! ♦ f bt expenca of packing.-PAlNTER and CD , No. tn, Lelcerttr-equare, near Chartng-croas. T O LADIES. ROWLAND'S KALYDOR. ts u, i? er e Special Patrona e of her Moet Graeious Majesty, 1-.S 0J L 41 P auii, y' preparation from Oriental Exotics, is now •t'e 5 1 Vv n °, w ,n as the only safe und efficient proteetor and bean-u ,k,n • com lexioa. lie virtues are conmonly dis-RSJfctL' 0 l jbW 9ghly eradicating all pimples, spots, redness, ten, ! kl . unsightly cutaneous defects, in healing chilblain Hsus, and in -■fly • re d-ring tlie most rough to tbe complexfor and uneven skin plea-it Imparts ujuv v nhe 5 nd 10 neck bund, und am a delicacy und teirnei -0e J, l, viDen will fiud it allay the irritation of the skin, r£.S£! lB A P ,ie p. r bottle, duty includ d. tor HOWLAND KALYDOR. and see that these ♦ fbe envelope, as much pernicious trash is now ffVren Tra .'9a. tH Kalyvior, - 'byPi rfuiaers of apparent resi ectebility. T?_f irotec J the Pubi c fr -m such fraud, the Honourable Com mis aioners of Stamps have authorised the Proprietor Signature to te-nn oJTu 0 . 1 Govern meat Hump,thuu - • A. ROWLAND -.id 'which is affixed to each bottle.-bold ty asm, and by chemtats nnd perfumers, NEW DI8COVEKY, by which Ihe Tram nervuus bec £ nie the weak heart strong, an irJvVud °K, n of imaiitv nay t-thv rewitL t V?1P ' y n y Of nervous vigour being not ptllc .r tr J ' y lh Uke o th e tho.Hrin which does teffi3 b?thZ P , rl l c . k A ny fP 5S® has be -n ob-5Ste of uJ bh ' gi f T Above witl w °nderfu re.tcratlvc.-Sold by B. ••d.each wttJSnara R fr C w frl V H bosee at is. lMd n 2s. 9d and X'L'-Sroi wbvaring date the First day of October One Thousand Bight Hundred and Forty-two, BAR GAINED. BOLD, A8SIGNBD, TRANSFERRED, and SET OVER unto JainsH Dear, of Aldermanbury, London, warehouseman, and Robert Henry Taylor, of Birmingham, draper, all the ESTATE and EFFECTS therein mentioned of him the ' ' said Samuel Thomas the Moore, upon the truits therein mentioned, for th ? BENEFIT of all and every the CREDITOR and CRKDJTOR9 of the said Samuel Thomas Moore that the said Indenture was duly executed by tho said 9amutl Thomas Moore, and Jsniee Dear, and Roi ert Henry Taylor, on the said First day of October One Thousand Eight Hun dred and Fony-two. That the said deed of assignment now lies at tho office of Messrs- Hardwick and Davidson, of No. 14, Cateaton-street, in the City of London, solicitors, for execution by those cre ditors who have not yet executed the same.-Dated this 29th day of December. 1842. HARDWICK and DAVIDSON. 14, Cateaton-street, London, Solicitors to the Trustees of the said Thomas Moore. GENERAL ATLAS.-A General . . Colombler folio, full co'ourtd £ll Us., half-teund. Gbnenai. Atlas of the World, containing 31 Ma s. Full coloured, £ e .. half-bound. _ _ . .. Quarto Atlas of tbe World. Pull coloured. Containing 58 Macs, £212s. 6d., half-bound. . . Wyld'b School Atlas, with a copious Index. 12s-Atlas Classic!, 12s. These Atlases contain all the recent dis coveries. . J wnm Wyld. Geographer to the Queen, Channg-cross East. R. HOME and the ROYAL COGNAC BRANDY AFFAIR!-Mr. Home has to represent to tbe public that he has sustained grest injuries front Sir Felix Booth, who, beside# withholding the payroeats and rights due to him for the use of his discoveries at Albany-str et. Regent's Park-premistg t ken exnrcrsly to carry on Mr. Home's processes for making Brardy-has put forward a person he has railed from dependence, of the name of Grimble, to assume the merits of Mr. Home's pro ductions, aiding him by circulars in representing to the world teat he has made continuous improvements In this Brandy since its first introduction. Whereas the truth really is. that the Brandy now selling at Albany-street D no other than un imitation of the article supplied by Mr. Home, heretofore, from these premises, favoured by the same ineredient , made up in the same proportions, and prepared precisely upon the ssme principles. And if any improvement has taken place in the article ia the hands of these persons, it has arisen solely in consequence of the letter addressed to Sir Felix Booth and W YLD'S At ,, of th. WnrlJ,rfOutatn oK M Hap.. M hu Mauaging Partner by Mr. Home at different limes since their seising po#se sion of theso works, upon the merits of Mr. Home's production, to • able theni to wmet the faults they had fallen into in the preparation of that commodity. 4 Y rk..tf 't t, filfrucester-gate, Dec. 12, 1842. S MOKY CHIMNEYS CURED t ONCE, in accordance with the new Chimney Act,-The advertisers have dlM Overtd the cause of weak draughts, downward currents, c , and in x few hours can perfect the draughts of tbe mosV faulty chimneys. The cure is efiected by a simple and permanent process, at a stated moderate charge whvn p rfrot.-RefercHces in all ports cf London. The printed particulars, tom , r remitted post free-W. H. PHILLIPS - - -square. N and COh patentee!, 41, iloemiebury-D ETERM NATION ot BLOOD to the HEAD, APOPLEXY. Sec., effectually prevented by tbe occasional use of FRAMPrON'8 PILL of HEALTH, which, ty strengthening the action of the stomach, aud 1 rumoring a healthy aa regular 4 gfftioh o the food, prevents a •scwrrenc of those svmptemso thh lanniog d'sordar. giddu ee opp s jK-ion of the brain, singing noi e in he ears, head-ache, tec. They tfrf an exceih-nt apvrient, wiibeut griping or prostration of strength, mate appetite, relieve languor, end iavigorate the spirits, while to the free liver ur sedentary th y offer advantages that will not fail .o be appreciated.-? • Id by Tb uta pr-Hit yvn Ntrtiad J.. unS a lni ' ,, eJi. . • 'i .j, fa t 6t. VVfdnPBilay TICKETS for the LAST PERPORHANCB of th, MESSIAH rpo CHEMISTS ami DRUGGISTS.-To he 1 SOLI the LEASE, Oandwlll, Stock, end Filturee of ut old-esiablirhudCHEMISl'd JHOP, situate in one of the loading thorough fares near tlis city, and in the miidst of a highly resptcteble and po pulous neighbourhood. Tho shop from its excellent situation pre sents a most desirable opportunity for any young in an wishinur to cm-bark in the business pos esiiou may be had immediately.-For per- CADETS and ASSIST A NT-STTRGFONS an. ticularsapply to Mesirs. Hearon, Bright, and Co., 95. Bishopsgate- f ., U Meyrick, solicitor. 4, Furnival's-inn. T lHE CHINESE COLLECTION, Hyde-park-corner, consisting of objects exclusively Chinese, surpassing in extent and grandeur any similar display in the known world, en tirely tilling the spacious sal on, 225 feet in length, and embracing upwwrds of 50 figures as large as life, all fac similes, in their native costumes, from the highest mandarin to the blind mendicant also many thousand specimens, illustrating the appearance, manners, and customs of more than three hundred millions Chinese, is NOW OPEN, from 1 till li .-Admittance, 2s. 6d. children under twelve. Is. T HE SMALLEST and MOST PERFECT HORSE NOW EXHIBITING at the COSMORAMA ROOMS, 209, Regent-street. This extraordinary little wonder of nature sur passes any animal of the kind ever yet seen, is Tory docile, and mea sure only 30 inches high. This beautiful miniature horse is to be SOLD by Private Contract on moderate terms.-For particulars ap ply at tlw othie of the Cosmorama. Admission, is, Children, half price. f ANUFACTURERS' RELIEF COMMIT-lTJL TEE.-The Committee appointed to manage the Subscriptions and Collections making for the JR M U manage the 8ub#criptioas Relief of the Distressed Manufac turers respectfully announce that they continue to receive and apply, according to their b st ability, the Contributions of the Benevolent. Individual Subscriptions already advertised to the amount of £24,540 5 4 Received slr.ee the last advertisement Mr. 9cruh £ioo o o Rd. 8trachey, juu.. Esq., per Gosling and Co. . • . 10 0 0 Per. Twining and Co. J. H 0 lo 0 Mrs. H. . . . loo Rev. J. B. Twining ... 300 Amount of Collections made under the sanction of the Queen's Letter 75,567 12 9 The Collections made at the Churches Chapels, and Parishes, wero paid, by the dinctiOH of tho Queen's Letter, into the Bank of England, and have been duly acknowledged by the Cashiers as they were from time to time received from the resident or officiating Minister, The Manufacture rs' Relief Committee will, at the conclusion ef their labours, lay before the Public their Rer ort and Balance Sheet, Committee Room, 74, King William-street, City where, and by Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths, hawkers. Subscriptions are re ceived. W.H HYETT, Sec. _De . 31,1642. T HE PIRIE TESTIMONIAL.-The Committee have determined to CLOSE the SUBSCRIPTIONS for Ihe Testimonial to Sir John and Lady Plr e on Tuesday, the 10th day of January, after which a List o f the Subscribers will be published, and a General Meeting of them will br held to resolve upon the Testimo nial to be pre en'td. Subscriptions arr continued to be received by the Treasurers, William Cotton, George Grots, John Masterman, and Joseph Somes, Esqrs. also by the Members of tbe Committee and bv the Bankers, Mefsra. Masttrman end Co. Messrs. Sir Richard Carr Glyn at d Co end Messr . Prescott, Grote, and Ce. and by-Mr. Anderton 20, New Bridge-street and Mr. Edward Harrison, 82, Cornhill, to whofn all communications aro rvqoested to be addressed. JAMES ANDF.RTON. Hon. EDWARD HARRISON, Bees. EDICAL PRACTICE.-To bo DISPOSED OF, a rural MEDICAL PRACTICE, In a most delightful part of one of the Midland Counties. It is stablished in a village contain ing upwardsof 1,000 persons, and extends over u well and respectably populated neighbourhood. Most satisfactory rea'ons will be given for the party's retiring. Price moderate.-Apply to Mr. G W. Hebb, solicitor, Lincolu. MBIIELLA TRADE, c., to be SOLD.-The _ LEA8E, with a valuable business established on the pro mises about twenty-five years, of UMBRELLA MAKER, FISHING TACKLE, and ARCHERY, c., in one of the best situations at the west-end of London, to bo DISPOSED OF by Private Contract. There are ahout eight hundred regu'ar customers, amongst whom aro many of the first families in thu kingdom.-For terms apply to Mr. Joaeph Foot, of Spilai-square, silk manufacturer or Mr. 8tar-lli-g. 40, Loicaster-square. If by letter, prepaid. D ublin dock warehouses.-Lot No. 2.-The Lords Commissioners of her Majesty' Treasury having declared the letting of the DUBLIN DOCK WAREHOUSES whivh took place on the let December, 1812, to be void, the PRE MISES will be again offered lo be LET by AUCTION, in the Long Room of the Custom-house. Dublin, on Wednesday, January 25, at Two in the Afternoon, subject to the conditions and stipulations contained in the particu'ars issued on the former occasion, except as regards tl.e term of the Lease, which will eommenee on the 8ih February next, and end on the 29th September, 1862, determinable at the option of either party on the 29th September, 1848. or on the 29th September, 1855, on giving thu one to the other six months notice in writing.-Copies of the said particulars may be seen on application to the respective Collectors of the Customs at Dublin, Liverpool, Bristol, Hull, Newcastle. Plymouth, Belfast, Cork, Limerick, Waterford, Londonderry, Galway, Sligo. Leith, Glasgow, end Greenock, and at the Offices of the Solicitor for the Customs in Dublin and London. 'ANCY SPANIELS.-BARGAIN.-A Black a 01. 1 Tan. and a Black and White and Tan. rerr .mall, and had tlie dietemper aleo an Italian Ora,houi d. te be SOLD .heap.- ■ To '• M-II at 7, Arllngton-atreet, Myddolton-equar , Clerkanwell, near the Ansel. Isllatton. Wo deaura ic apply. F G OLD CLOCK, value 120 Gumw, to be DISPOSED OF b, SUBSCRIPTION. Two Guineas each.-To l.e Be. n at Mr. Shotter'i. the BalticTt,ern,Herculfc pae age,Thread-needle-street. VVBATCHES by WEBSTER and SON, Chrono-TT meter Makers to the Lords of the Admiralty, established d t ■PPHIRB! JDlfUt , _ f wuS ciaX2lS? o , t IS- patent belt-band spring drawers, periority of workmanship which has distiRguiBhed their establish- jL for Hunting or Riding, on an improved principle, for support-persons. Instructions for measuring can be forwarded to the country. -55, Quadrant. lowest prices, consistent wlih maintaining that character for su periority of workmanship which has distinguished tluir establish ment during that period. Tho compensated duplex Watch, upon the principle of their Chronometers, to which Government awarded the prizes three successive years, combines perfect accuracy with ele gance, and is not surpassed by the pocket Chronometer. W. awd Bon have devoted groat attention to the patent lever Watch, and r-ousi'ierably reduced the price, together with the small Irorizontal for ladies. They can offer a large selection ef Second-hand Watches, at little above half the original cost. The utmost value allowed for old Watches in exchange. The most experiei ced workmen in the repairing department are employed on the premises for foreign and English manufacture.-Webster and Son, 3, Birchin-lane. Cornhill. Ut uvll, O, Hill E MASSEY'S NEW PATENT WATCH re-• peats correctly, and can be wound up without a key. The Queen's Letters Patent have been obtained for this useful asd very novel invention, which winds up by pendant, and is an excellent re-peater, not bring liable to get out of repair. It will also give the time of any event w.thiu thirty hours after its occurrence. It has Mas-ty's patent lever escapement, which, as an article of commerce, is of national importance, and hu been proved to b- 1 the best can-s true ted pectet watch that can possibly be made. In silver cud, eight guineas gold, eighteen guineas.-4, Birchln-lane, and 89, 8trand. P LATE suited for PRESENTATION.-Cora-mitteec or private indiriduals requiring splendid or simple articles oi PLATE for presentation, may, by addressing a paid L tter, have drawings sent for their approval. A number of large articles, hr Epergn s, Cups, Waiters, Ice., are always in stock, second-band. A lint of them, with wrice, cau bo furpi hod.-T. COX SAVORY, silversmith. See 47, Cornhill seven doers from Gracechurch-street , London. D EANEAN PLATE. The DEANEAN PLATE ha nil the whiteness, and much more than the du rability ef silver. The snoons and forks manufactured of this beauti ful metal, arc of precisely the same shape and finish as the best Lon don r.-ade silver plate. 'I he tea and coffee sets, table and chamber candlesticks, waiters. Cake baskets, bottle stands, snuffers, and trays aro all of the newest fashion, and highest finish.-Deane's, opening to the Monument, 46. King William-street, London-bridge. P LATE.-A. B. SAVORY asd SONS, Manufac-turing Silversmiths, 14, CornhilL London, oppasite the Bank ef Kng'and.-The best wrought SILVER SPOONS and FORKfts Fiddle Pattern, 7s. Sd. per ounce the King B Pattern. 7 . 4d. per ounce. TKe following are the weights recommended, but the arti cles may be had lighter or heavier, at the wme price per ounce -FIDDLE PATTERN. KING'S B ISHOPSGATE PLATE GLASS WARE-HOUSE-Frem the scientific improvemente in the manufac ture of Plate Glass a con iderable reduction has been effected in its cost, and consequently THOMAS FOX is enabled to eff r his Chim ney, Pier, and Cans lo Glasses at very much lower prices than be fore. His stock comprises the simplest as well a the richest and most elaborate Gothic, Grecian, Elizabethan, and French styles of framing the quality is of the very best description, and he pledges himself to exchange any article should a reasonable objection arioe. Many second-hand glasses on hand at a gr at reduction from the new tariff prices.-Thomas Fox, 93, Bishopigate-strfel-wilhin. N EW YEAR'S GIFTS.-L die and Gentle-men's Rosewood and Mahogany DRESSING CASES £1 1 0 Ladies'Dressing Cases with silver fittings • 770 Writinz Deak fur Youth In rcwwcod cr jafiesany • 0 II b Ladies' rosewood W'riting Desks with secret drawers , 11 Elegant full siza Work Boxes filled complete . .11 Smaller sized Work Boxes fitted complete • .0 10 Russian Leather Shaving Cases Ladles' Companions with silver firilngs 0 10 6 1 1 0 PATTERN, o 8 Gravy Spoons 12 7 4 . 4 8 0 1 Soup Ladle ..It 7 4.. 4 8 0 6 Sauer ditto ..12 7 10..4 14 6 4 SaitSpeona strong gUt i S 0 1 Fish Slice 8 6 0 If Tea Spoons ..14 7 10..6 9 8 1 Pair Sugar Tong 1 4 N.B. A price current, stamped as a newspaper, illustrated by drawings, and containing every information relatlvo to the purchase of silver or Sheffield plate, may be had on application, or will be rent Into the country, free of postage. In answer to a oaid letter. Y7ELVET CARDINAL CLOAKS, trimmed with v fur, are an elegant toilet and much In vogue. The liberal patronage Messrs. J. and J. HOLMES and LE BATARD have re ceived for this beautiful costume, induces them to hone they have produced there unique articles with that good taste ch has ob tained for their houRe a notoriety it is thtir constant endeavour to m rit and to those desirous ot a souvenir for this season of the year, they are particularly worthy of notice.-Foreign and British Shaw Emporium, 171,173, and 175, Regent-street. T welfth cakes.-j. turner invites the Public to an inspirtionof his superior TWELFTH CAKES, feeling confident the superior quality, large assortment, and l©w prices will give unusual satisfaction rich quality, handsomelyer-naniented, 2s. to 2s. Cd por ib. fine quality. Is. 64. per lb. su-peri f r quality cakes for children, is. per lb. iced and ornamented, is. 3d. A distribution of Twelfth Cakes at 2 guineas, 1 guinea, and gu nea e ach, to be drawn on Twelfth-day shares, 2s. d. eaeh. -J. Turner, 67, BishopsgRte. within, and 4, Quceu's-row, Dalsten. -A show room of the prize cakes open to inspection. rpEAS in six pound bags at 3i.4d. anR8sTl0d. per 1 pound, black or green and C flee at Is. and Is, 4d.-The East India Tex Company have fleeted a further reduction in prices of from 2d. to 6d.4 r pound and in bearing down the market for ihe benefit of their numerous agents, friends, and connections, read the monopolisers of tea this useful lesson-that they had better have been contented with moderate gains.-No. 9, Great 8t. Hoka's, Bisheps-gUc street. TAAVIES'S CANDLES, 6d. per Ib. Wax Can-JL dies. Is. 2d. fine Wax, Is. 3d. Cocoa Nut, lOd. extra fine Wax Wick Moulds, 7hid. transparent Wax, 2#. 2d. genuine Sperm, a , id. genuine Wax, 8s. 3d. Yellow Soap, € ., 54s and 60s. per 1121 h . Mottled, 62e. and 8 e, Windsor, Is. 4d. per packet Palm, is. 4d. Old Brown Windsor, is. 9d. Roee, 2s. Camphor, 2s. Almond. 2a. 6d. superfine Sealing Wax, 4s. 6d. per lb. genuine 8 xni Oil, 7a. 6d. per gallon Solar Oil, 4s. For cash, at DAVIES'S oid-o taldlshed warehouse, 63, fit. Martin' -lane, opposite New Slaughter's OnfW hens riVHE RESPIRATOR.-A GENIAL CLIMATE A in ENGLAND,- HENRY WILSON raquetta Aithmatlc. Con-Hisi tiT . and all perron d llcate In tha ch.it, to examine the nu-meroua testimonial In hi poiaeuion of person able to anja health, and follow heir arocatlona or pliaaore In En.land, under the uae ol tlie Respirator, who would otherwise be compelled to lease the country, or to hasten their decay by constant confinement within doors. Hundreds here become eo well under Its iimaiUbt ab'e to lay it a lde even In the winter, nnd H Is each e.ldence which causes the use of it to make proems against n praralling and lutere.ted opposition in quarters where It would belittle luspecied.-Respirator Depot, U8. Regenpetreet, Louden. ,ST TEETH.-Mr. WITT, Surgeon-Dentiat, . H! ! Hnlhorn nrat Chancery-lane , mippllea the BEST ARTIPtvML TEETH of every description they are fixed without spring., wire , or ligature , and without txtrectina root or coniine the least earn, nnd restore articulation and muticatton. This newly, invented teeth never change eolour or decay, and will he found very superior to any ever before used they so perfectly resemble nature as not to be dtatinguiehable by the clorat observer, and will eupport and preserve teeth that are looee. Teeth, whleh frem accidcnior dnease of the gums, have fallen out, are fixed and again ren lered u efnl. Decujed teeih llkewlM made serviceable to mastication.-Mr. WUl haa reduced hla charges to tbe loweet scslc. and are aa mo derate as can possibly be. consistent with the best workmanship, mi d 8li n -E tsMish t d r i t - ' i5 ' H ' h no'tora.-At home from Ten OR STOPPING DECAYED TEETH. Price 4s. ed.-Patronissd by her Majesty, his Royal Hlghaeie hccomeaaa bard as tha enamal, and will remain firm in the tooth fer life, rendering extraction un necessary. ltarrasta all further progress of decay, and renders them again useful in mastication. AU persons can use Mr. Thomas' 8uc-cedaneum thsmselve. with ease, without the aid of a dentist as full directionsi areaneloaed.-Prepared1 and eol.1 by Mr. Thomas, surgeon-dentist, 8, Bernara-straet, rxfurd-street i sold, by his appointment, by all respectable medicine venders. ■an-,™. C TAUTION to LADIES.-Much pernicious trash J Is now offered for sale as KALYDOR frrquer.tly under me implied eanction of Royalty by perfumer of apparent leeneeta buity. wbo cmir he bill. nnd'kKlT.f S?Tii, i . Lxva nmi 10 • Ul ' • rd • ROW-gioee mp-i Uona! R prlnUKl ° n wrapper. AU other are Tj protect the puMlc from fraud, the Ranonnkl Comminlonen of Stamp hare authorised the proprietors' atgnatura to be engnnn on the g eeminent eUmp. thue- 11 n. a . A- ROWLAND Jt SON. so, HATTON GARDEN. InffinduSy ° b0ato ' PriM • . 6d. per bottle, Aik Jot ROWLANDS' KALYDOR.' Nld by them, nnd by chtmnta and perfumere, ' ' P AN IH YMIAN LEAVES.-VINE It'S trite ran t VERBENA LEAVES for imparting to the ataoaephare of apartment, the delicious perfume of that fevouriie es ilc the Ver bena Plant, and lor correcting tha Imparity nccaiiomd by respire tlon. tniinnl rfflurin, and noiloua vapours from candle and other burning eubetenove, thereby converting a noalau .ffl.ivia into a ea-InUry ecenL Willi directum for use. price Is. uer Backet at Messrs. Sanger' . JJ . Oiford-ilreet t StncSen. Quanranti Prout. Tt mple-laar Joutii-t . Cornhill and at the principal house -Wholesale at Viner s A , arur9jwu44 R eeHte trtet-rircnfi. Pirca li y rew. w. - ®Fwnfc-Rirkei-rircU8, nocS'lli y. riTHE PREMIER COMPOSITION oitf, d vi J WILLIAMS S PATENT FRENCH POLISH REVIVER.-It will be found a greal aavlug of tlm. lai cur. al d erper.se, hr merely rubbing a few drers eecariorally on the fnrn.ture-like oil It does not eniyprvranre the polish, but adde to lie splendour, and causes no divanrveabie tmrll, whjpb 1, the cue with all other ccropoalttonr, 11 is tired in ihe royal psMces, and I appr.c lawd by thoa-ands One trial will hr a u fcieut guarantee l.r It. ntillty.-gold In bottler, n.od. Wholeeale. by Hannay and c cs. Oiford-rtrert Barclay nnd Per r. Harnngden-street Hatty aud Co.. FarammiL Plmbarv l.anul. by all cktn.Lia. oil nnd Itnlinn w.rehcuraBi.n. PmV'Sfe eaaJw.'r-sireat. Etirb t, crasceat, I ondna T cl D they are also selling from 2 . ll J. to 3s. 6d. also koo4 watered mo--eeiis a low as lO'id. and ohintz furnituresg werta Is. Md. Their stock of Brussels carpets consists of a spit jf good quality, commencing as low as 2s. 6d. per yard, those of new and elegant designs from 3s. to 3s. lid., and those of very mag and chintz furnitures, worth is. per yard, at isscls carpets consists of a splendid variety ncing as low as 2s. fld. per yard, those of jgns from 3s. to 3s. lld and those of very mag nificent patterns and qualities, such as are usually charged 5s. 6d., from 4s. 2d. to 4s. 6d. T. P. and Co. also invite attention to their Urge assortment of gilt window corn! brass rods, deep ornamental drapery fringe , gimps, laces, and every other description of modern elegance suited for either drawing or dining room curtains.-Thomas Paul and Co., cabinet-makers, upholuterm, and carpet-manufac turers. opposite tbe Mansion House, City f London, C 1LOAK8 and CARDINALS. Gardin l cloakij J 17 . 6d. rich satin cardinals, 48s. Genoa silk velvet cardjoals, 52s. 6d. and 63s. each promenade cloaks, 17s. 6d. to 25s. each, worth 30 a to 40s. each Genoa silk velvet carnage cloaks lined throughout and trimmed with fur, '6 guineas each, worth eight guineas each rich Mlk and satinette carriage cloaks lined throughout and trimmed with fur, twe guineas each a choice of upwards of a thousand new cl 2 a k , w C J? rd . , , ia 8 1Q r 'tks, velvet shawls, and scarfs. SABLE FURS.-Fur Cloaks, richest sable tail boas at half price cape and muffs Russian sable boas, 80s. flat sable W 4 ' SU. i cardinal capes, two guineas Canada sables Vic torina and ridiwg boas, 5s. to 10s. 6d. Russian fox, 7s. to 15s. Russian ermfne, 5s. to 21s. long Canada sable boas, 2s. 6d. to 15s. Missourisable, 18 . 6d. to 17s. fid. each carriage muffs, rugs, fur aloYes, cuffli carriage cloaks of silk velvet, lined and trii J Fur, 3S guineas.-Q. Merington's. 154, New Bwd-stmt. rimmed with CAUNDERS'S INDIA ALE rLE.-CHAM-CLAYTON, Wine Merchants, 19 and 27, King-street, Cheapside, have the pleasure of informing their friend and the public, that they have undertaken the agency for the above ad mired and increasingly popular beverago and are now enabled to offer it in cask an.l battle, in fine and sparkling condition. Being entirely freo frem acidity, and possessing a pure and unadulterated bitter, it is professionally recommended as a salutary and agreeable tonic. Country favours are requested to contain a reference in London. S aunders and co s east india pale and GOLDEN ALES.-WILLIAM GOW and CO., the ap-B ainted agents for bottling these celebrated ALBS, now beg to offer lem ripe in bottle quarts and pints , as well as In casks of various sizes, in high condition. The fermentation of these liquors being conducted upon a principle which render them entirely free from acidity, has br -light them under the notice of several of the most eminent physicians In London, to whom W, Gow and Co. have the honour of referring. Invalids generally will find these ales an agree-abie and Invigorating beverage.-2, Hungerford Wharf, Strand. R OYAL COGNAC BRANDY.-Mr. GRIM-BLE, who has been the managing partner in this concern, begs to acquaint tbe Public that, In consequence of the great im provements he has, by his unwearied exertions, been enabled to make in the quality of the article, it will in future be known in commerce as GRJMBLB'S ROYAL COGNAC BRANDY, The strong recommendation it has received from medical professors and surgical operators, and Its use in many of the metropolitan hospitals, are a guarantee to the unblic far its purity and wholesome qualities whilst the patronage bestowed upon it by noblemen and nenlkmen of high standing in society, and good taste nnd Judgment, aaded to its extensive consumption in the mercantile world, are a sufficient evidence of its agreeable flavour and general excellence indeed, Mr. Grimble is borne out by the full concurrence of his cus tomers in stating that the article has continually improved from its first introduction. As a pure Brandy, and as conducive to health, it challenges competition with the most expensive productions of the Continent, and it requires an experienced judge to distinguish it in flavour from the veritable Cognac. The price Is, a heretofore, I8s. per gallon, in quantities of not less than two gallons, or 3fi . per dexeh being two full imperial gallons , with the usual charge for bottles,-Distillery, Albany-street, Regent's Park, M. YOUNG FELL and CO. feel much flat-tered that their names, in connection with their brandy diitillery in the Waterloo-read, Lambeth, were so brilliantly dis played in Punch's Pantomime, at Covent-garden Theatre. There 5 ay arousing, spirited, pantomimic performance without Punch, but not good punch without W. Y. Foil and Co.'s superior BRANDY, of which two gallons can be pnrthased fer 3te. and Gin ger Brandy at 30 ,at2fl, Friday street, and at the distillery. X ND1A PALE ALE.- HARPKH and Co., wine-merchant , the appointed agents to Bass and Co., Burton uoon-Trant, b.g to inform their friend that tiieir Stock of BASS'S INDIA ALL l now in goad condition, and can be supplied l any quantity. In cask as weli a quart an! pint bottle . Also Burton Ala, Stout, and te rtgr.in rq fc or bottle.-t, Oowpar's-coort, CorwhtH. A LE ot very superior quality, brewed entirely from the very best malt and hops, anfi in uch proportions as persons of nice palates will oe sure to appreciate, 2old Jn etiki of - pali nine gallon each, at Is. per gallon. 8ent to any part of towu car riage free. Oners by post punctually attended to.-Address to the John Bull Brpw ry office. Nq. ao, Philpot-lane, City. jJ ASS'S PALE ALE, a prepared for India.-A-F FIELD, WaRDBLL, and 00 after devoting great attention to bottiir.tt thi much admired A LB, can now offer it to their and the public, in the greatest state of perfection. Scotch and Bur-tor Alee, London and Outness's Dublin Btouf ther with thflir Foreign Wines and Snirita ef and Burton Ale, Stout, and PdHerln oaskso1 If gaUone.-22. Hen-r frieDd-i , t. Older and Perry, teee-ef a superior darn. Pale , LADY HESTER STANHOPE. ETCHINGS MORALIZED, AND THE DEFAULTER. BY THE EDITOR, THOMAS HOOD. ESQ. dge, E nlargement ®f the true tablet.-On Saturday next, theVth of January being the fir t Saturday the year thi paper tha m t Cethpkfe Journal in Great Britain II RESUME ITS ORIGINA1 NAMEof THB TABLBT, and A Farewell to December, ifry The Widow ' Aim Houses. By the Barry Cornwall. Author ef Peter Priggius. Th ' Recantatien. a Poem. By I All Sorts of Little Attentions. Horace Smith, Eaq. I By Laman Blanchard, Esq. MY GRANDPATHER'8 DREAM. A Tale founded on tact. BY JAMES 8H8RIDAN KNOWLES, ESQ. l w Extracts from My Indian Diary. I Grenada, a Poem. By the Medi-i By tbe Old Forest Ranger. cal Student. Obituary-Remarks on the late I A yery Se-so Character. Mr. 1842, deceased- I The Barnabys in America. By The Adyertiseraeut Literature of I Mrs. Trollope. Illustrated by the Age. Leech. BLXtISTONIANAr Or, Original Anecdotes of the late R. W. Blliston, Esq. By W. T. Mocoriefi', Esq. No. I. Conjuror and No Conjuror-8. The Genius Of the Lamp-3 Measure for Measure-4. Tbe Sanguinary Public-5. The xty four columns, , r _ _ flro-4 to becyme Nwbrcrilwrs - to •SSVfStXi not able, cenvcnitiitly, to procure it through a local newsvender, may be supplied direct from the office. 0, Catherine-street, Strand, by sending a Post-office erder, with the subscriber's name and ad dress. Terms of '•ubscri. tion payable in advance yearly, £1 6 . half-yearly, 13s. quarterly, fi . fid. Publishing office, fi, Catherine-street, Strand, London, where advertisements are received, aud whither all communications must he addressed pre-paid .-Orders re ceived by all nevruen and booksellers. fallen Hpco-6. Humbug Tho New Year being - ' feriodioad, thorn wf Magazine are wql _ reapective fook nelters. Henry Colbiyu, pubtixbar. 13, Great Marlborough-sirect. w a favourable opportunity for commencing a those who way d i ir to take in Th Nkw Monthly luested to give their orders without delay to their po New ready. No. 1, price ., of THE REIGN and COLONIAL QUARTERLY REVIRW.-Contbnts -C , pointed to India, may. on application to Mensrs. GRINDLAY, CHRISTIAN, and MATTHEWS, obtain ESTIMATES showing at one view the total expense ol Equi. ment and Passage, both by sea and overland. Plans and particulars vf all shipe under despatch may also be had at either of their offices, 16, Cornhill, or 8. St. Martin's-place, Charing-cross. B Y hrr MAJESTY'S ROYAL LETTERS PA TENT for tbe MORPHOTYPE or MOULD of FORM tor MEASURING the HUMAN FIOURE.-JOHN LESLIE, by i ecial 'Appointment, TAILOR to her MAJESTY and the ROYAL FAMILY, 60, Conduit-street, London. JOHN LESLIE has the honour to announce to the Nobility, Gentry, and the Public that he has received her Majesty's Royal Letters Patent for England. Scotland, and Irelund, for Machinery, which, without any personal inconvenience, in a few seconds takes and retains the eiact model of every variety of the human figure. These Machine , after ruHch labour anfi expense, ho has now brought to great per fection-thus eunereeding the old and uncertain methods of mea suring for clothing. The practical experience of this Machinery has unfolded such im mense advantages in precision and economy, that it has required much deliberation as to the plan to ba adopt d to give full effect to it and the result it, that it will bj imposnible to work these Patents most advantageously to the public and himFelf under he combined system of credit aud ready-money transitions. It is, therefore, most respectfully announced, that his future busi ness will be conducted entirely apen Immediate cash payments, with out any discounts, abatements, cr deduction whatever. For the immense outlay of money in the perfection of these Patents he Reeks a remuneration-not In monopoly charges, which patent rights may give but from the facilities they afford him, and from au improved mode of transacting business on the soundest com mercial principles The reputation of the house of business, for nearly half a century, it is hoped will be a sufticunt guarantee to those who may honour him with thfir commands, that they will obtain the very chuicest goods in Woollens, Silks. Velvits, Embroideries, See, See., in the ma nufacture of personal and household clothing, as well as in every de scription of Court costume, Military, Naval, and Diplomatic Uni forms, executed in such a manner as the Patentee trusts will give the highest satisfaction, and receive the approbation of the public. London, 60. Conduit-street, January, 1843. 1. Schiller, Life and Lyrical Com positions. 2. Hymns and iAtys of Ancient Germany. 3. Validity of Popular Judgment. 4. Life and Time of Savonarola. 5. French Academy of Sciences. 6. Modern Turkish Travellers. 7. Chinese Characteristic . 8. Tariff-Commercial Policy, Home and Abroad. 9. Spain as it is. 10. Treaty with China. It. Origin of the Red Indians. 12. Poets and Poetry of America. 13. Life of Jean Paul Richter. Critical Sketches. Reviews, Correspondence and latest Intelligence, Foreign aud Colonial,Books recently published on the Continrnt, foe. London Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane and may be had by order, of all booksellers. T ~ HE FOHEIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. LX-, price 6s. CONTBNTA■ 1. Hoffmeiafer on Schiller 2. Gutzkow's Letters from Paris 8. Socrates and the Sophists of Athens 4. Balzac's Provincial Bachelor' 6. The Countess Hahn Hahn's Travels 7. George Sand's Consuelo' 8. The King of Saxony's Travels in Montenegro 9. Alfred de Musset's 4 White Thrush 10. Klopstock 11. The Newspaper Press of France rature-Poland. Short Reviews of New orks. Foreign Correspondence, Intelligence, foe. 6. Franeeso Forti's Civil Institutes Chronological Tables of LiTeratui Works. Foreign Correspondence, intelligence, e. Chapman and Hall, 186, Strain and Longman, Brown, and Co., Paternoster-row. T MUSICAL NOTICE.-Now ready, HE PIANISTA for January, No. 25.-Con-tents The Christmas Quadrilles, containing Jack Frost, the Ieicle, Snow-drop, Holly, and Mistletoe-bough. Also, the Twelfth nipht Waltzed, with Characters, Punch's Galop, and Judy's graceful Mazurkas. Barnett's New 8ong for Winter, Twelve Scotch Reels and Strathspeys and the Merry Bells Ringing the Chinese Victory. The whole for 2s. Post tree, as. fid., by adarelsing the Editor, 23, Pater noster-row. Notice.-The Proprietor of the 4 ' Pianista prevents gratis to pur chasers of Nos. 24 and 25, all the Music in 44 King Arthur. No. 25 begins a new volume, and presents a good opportunity for new subscriber . Sherwoods Qange, 19, Poultry and Tern pieman, 248, Regent-street. T HE GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE for Ja nuary 1843, the First Number of a New Volume, contains the first of a scries of articles on the Foundation of Religious Houses in B elt iband drawers.-sandland and CRANE'S 55. Quadrant new and improved principle, recommended and persohally aied by the most eminent physicians and army surgeons, admirably adapted for strengthening the loins England-Remarks on Church Architecture, what it Is, aud what it ou ht to be-Errors in Lerd Brougham's 44 Political Philosophy The History of Ferdinando Paleolegus of Barbados, the last of the -CHEWS upon tte ST ffcS of.fo.g r ... .o- a-ith Tiiiiftrations by Leech, T ixQpqon - - - - .r~ w TiidTririsrsafc. -iu u ot1 ' Thi 8so jd of nq . he ingoldsby LEGENDS, or, Mlrtb and Marrel . B, THOMA8 jweOLPgBf. rpHE HAND'BobToi 0 SIL'C COTl'ON, md 1 Dr.W W c88 nTw readr. ta 3 voir, poat wo., ith nuM.rou. ctiaract.ri.lic • -'ration T H E llliilrtUen. b, ch, prlc ! •■ _ . WASSAIL BOWL. Bt ALH8HT SMITH, B q. Richard Rentier, New Burl nqtoo-atreet. To be had at all the Librartea. ' io ' h B ALOCHISTAN, AFGHANISTAN, and the x,f4 NJABl VgiSAflftSBS lf.fir An admirabla narratl.e.''-Standard. _ hl . h wi ii no t fall to •• A moat Invaluable work on AfghanUUmwhicn w 1 be read with peculiar interest at thle moment, -Marnln uareia. Richard Bantley, New Byrtoeton-etreat, Publisher In .rdlnan to h,r M eetrN_ ~~ MR. WORLEY'S NEW TRAGEDY. Now ready. In 8 o., , B O R G I A By HENRY T.'WORLEY, R q. YIdetl. in Phffl-lra etlam wel.re at arnsnUA JJ ease pAniiu. eitinctan. indol.m pudort at honeeuti . -oioriui ae Groria, P'g 0 j en i and otley, publl.bera. CraidulLatraet. new'worITby mrTcharles hickenb. Price One Shilling, Mrat Number of T HE LIFE and ADVENTURES of MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT his RRI.ATIVK8, PJU NDS, aid KNBIIIE8-Comprising all his Wills and hte Ways withau H ricai Reoord of What H?3MLMdWh l'He W J iJWJ ft WHO INH. WHO CAMB AND WHO iat BRIT OTO ITBD TH POR T PAM'LY PLATE, IIL V ER r K N8, 1HYU Trnu rOR THE ,,'pwit ' The whele forming a complete Key to_. Tne Heusu of CU iz ewif. DJU..A t.H flTIlW TiliialaotiAna k Edited by Box With Illustrations by Phh. _ London hapman and Hall, 18fi, 8ri .na. SALES BY AUCTION. Dorer-itreet, Pi cadilly. L AHEE and SON respectfully announce that the LEASE and FURNITURE of No. 10, Do.ar atreet, ui adm-■lt ed for ra'a on the 10th ol January, are SOLD by Prirato Contract. -Audio. Office, it, New Bond-ltreet, December 01. UttL WinkttflV .rTd Warfield, Berk .-Very ellttlbje Preaheld Inyratmant . cnatstlne of .ariou enclo.uraa of up rior Meadow and Arable Land, end otherB t t , with po Mton. .,, M essrs. Daniel smith and son will SUBMIT to SALE by AUCTION,.t .he Castle Inn. Wind-sor, on Saturday, January 14, at One, under the ®fthe late George Proctor, Esq., tiie T O very valuable FREEHOLD FARMS, nearly surrounding Winkfleld Church, between Wmdsor, Maidenhaad, and Brackneil, known as Brown's and Goodwin s Farms, which will be subdivided into numerous lots also a very extenkive allotment of heath land, lying between King s Beech and Bagshot Park, partly adjoining the Royal preserves. The whole Property comprising about 400 acres, and offering most eligible occupations and safe investments for capital of various amounts, particularly to adjoining landowners, with many desirable spots for building.-Particulars may be had at the neighbouring inns of Edward Futvoye, Es ., solicitor, Bedford-row and of Messrs. Daniel Si aud Sen, land agents,In Windsor, and Waterloo-place Pall-mall, Leasehold Ground-rents and Improved Rente, In Bentinck-street, Cavendish-square, and Hereford-sireet, Park-lane. TV TESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will lYl SELL by AUCTION, at tha Auction Mirt, on Wednesday. Jan. 18, at Twelve, by erder o' the executrix of a lady dccf-asrd, sundry GROUND RENTS, arising eutof house and premises in Bentiack-street, Cavendish-iquare. and Marylebene-lane, under the Duke of Portland also certain Snares iB the Improved Rents of two hand some Houses in Hereford-street, Hyde-park.-Full particulars may be had at the Auction Mart at the Coackmaker ' Arms one of the houses of Messrs. Malton and Trollope,'solicitors Carey-atreet, Lincoln' -inn and at Messrs. Smith's offices, in Waterloo-plaee. Pall-mall. and giving uniform support to the abdomen, preventing rupture, and checking increase of corpulency to those inclined to that habit, but alike comfortable and beneficial to thin as well as stout Greek Imperial Family-Effigy in St. Mary's Church, Nottingham, with a Plate-Coffin of Sutton, the Founder of the Charter-taise-Recent Diseoveries in Subterranean London-Review of Hewitt's Germany-Poems by the late Marquess Wellesley, foe With Li terary and Scientific Intelligence-Reports of Antiquarian and Ar chitectural Societies-Historical Chronicle-Obituary, with Memoirs of Sir M. O'Loghlen. Sir Jeha Cross, General SirG.T. Walter, Rev. Dr. Heath, Lady Callcott, Mr. William Hone, Mr, John VarleyJ foe. Price 2s. fid. W. Pickering, Piccadilly. j . for Hunting or Riding, on an improved principle, for support ing the loins and abdomen, in riding or ether exercise, preventing rupture, checking increase of corpulency, and giving remarkable comfort in general wear, both to thin as well a stout persons. Made by the inventor, 8 K. 8ALAMAN, tailor and breoches-maker, 19, Charing-cros , two doors from Craig's-court. Riding trousers cut upon an improved plan, which renders them extremely pleasant with or without braces. The new light waterproof cape add coat, adapted to all climates, seasons, and constitutions. T HE CATHOLIC MAGAZINE for January, New Series.-No. I. contains Opening Address to the Reader -Life of St. ElizabeUi of Hungary, by Ambrose Lisle Phillipps, Esq, -The Nave of the Church, Chapter I.-The Third of May, a Legend of the East and of the West, in two parte-Ane Oratioune made be Master Quintin Kennedy, Commendafor of Crorsraguel-Letter front the Prince Bishop of Trent on the Saintly Maria Doraenica Lazari, of Capriani-Homilies of St. Bedo the Venerable and St. Leo Pepe, fer . - - -• J v-Reviews of the 8o-..ary-Sacred Pcenitentiary, Ac. i ti . _ A London C. Dolman, New Bond-street, and T. Jones. Pateraoeter-row. Jmt puolished, price 2 ., Part 1., 112pp. 8 o. of the IHYMlCAL GAZETTE er, Journal of Prac-V-V tical Chymistry, conducted by WILLIAM FRANCIS and HENRY CROPT. late Students in the Universities of Berlin and Giessen, containing upwardsof one hundred articles of consierablo practical importance to the manufacturer, chemist, tud druggist. Also, No. 5, published on theSist December, price6d. itamped edition 7d. , containing, among other articles of interest, the following On the Manufacture of Oxalic Acid, with teste for impurities-On Syrup and Pills of the Iodide of Iron-Action Water on Haloid Salts-Urine in Morbus Brightii-Use of Sulphurous Acid in Analysis, foe. foe. R. and J. E. Taylor, Red Lion-court, Fleet-street aud all book sellers. B A great variety of elegancies in Pspier Ma h . The first and tw -cona floors are fitted up as Showrooms. BBLLAMY SAVORY, St tiener and Dressing-case-maker.-British Paper Warehouse, 46, Cornhill, London. KKEbblNG-CASEb, WOltK-liuAEb, TEA-XJ CABD1B9, foc.-STOCKKN, 52, Qoadraut.-Portable dressing cases in ru iia or morocct, wntaiulng razor strop,comb, and shaving brush, for 10 . 6d. rosewood or mahogany dressing cases, from Ute.fid. to 17U guineas ladies' dressing ca-vo with silver fitting , from •even guinea writing anddreMing caees repaired and refitted work boxes, mahogany and rosewood writing desks ot every description travelling writing cases, from Its. fid. best Lend ah razors, penknives and sciitforu, despatch boxes, letter and key boxes, uiow r mxchi blotting books aBd xuvelope cases, and card boxe .-8TOCKBN, No 53, Quadrant, Regent-street, next door to Swan nd Edgar s.-Ob serve the name. LUNT'S ClVILENGINEERING aud PltAC-TICAL MACHINIST.-Now ready, TWO NEW PARTS, price 14s. each, containing folio plates and quarto letter press de-soriptions ef the Thames Tunnel and Shield by Sir Izambard M rk Brunei-Land and Mffnne Steam Engines-Cranesand Dredging Ma chinery by the Messrs. Rennie. c. For the Use of Students and Professors in Civil Engineering. ■ _ . Ackerman and Co., Strand Weale, High Holborn Kirton, No. I, Great P rtland-street. Oxford-street and all booksellers. Th g day is published, price los.fid., P ROFESSIONAL EXCURSIONS. By no AUCTIONEER. L,n ci Alfred Orranlinfi, i, Old Broail-urcet. Roy.l E ch.p . O PERSONS ABOUT TO MARRY.-FUR-. NITURE and BEDDING, CARRIAGE FREE, .nd died, re-gardlessaf distance, in any part of the country. Town residents treated with the tame liberality as heretofore. You will save at least one-third the usual expense, and all the usual trouble, by selecting from our immense stock. By our book of estimate , which contains the price of each item, shows the cest of each r om, and may be had gratis, postage free, you will find that we furnieh a four-roomed house well aBd completely for £25 a six-roomed ditto elegantly for £79 a ten-roomed ditto luxuriously for £178 and a twelve-roomed ditto superbly for £335 a single room or a single article equally mo derate the whole warranted. We request the special attention of country residents to the important fact announced at the commence ment of this advertisement. Shippers also, at this faotory, save the usually great expense of packing.-PAINTER and CO., 28, Leicester-square, near Charing-cross. EST BRUSSELS CARPETS at 83. 6d, per J yard.-A rare opportunity just now offers to purchasers of RPETS. Selection frem a stock of several hundred pieces of the newest style, chiefly Comber patterns and three-thread grounds, in fact, the heaviest goods made expres lv for an established trade, and have never been sold under 5s. per yard, being the stock of Mr. W. Hopper, of Great Qaeen-rtreet, Lincoln's inn, purchased of hi as signees by HARVEY and Co., and now on sale at their General Fur nishing Warehouses, Lambeth House, Nos. 41, 42 . 43, 44, We tmin-ater-bridge-road, near the Marsh-gate.-N.B. Be particular in cbwrv-ing the name, Harvey and Co., Lambeth House. RAWING and DINING ROOM CURTAINS nd Carp.U.-THOMAS PAUL .nd CO. lnrite the attention of the Nobility and Gentry to this very Important branch of their establishment, which offers advantages dot to be met with at any other house in London. They are new selling rich royal damasks, iu beautiful variety, at is. fid. per yard, and those of two colours, evi dencing a most silk-like appearance, some as low as Is. 4d. per yard the richest silk a d satin striped tabbarets, worth 4s fid. per vard, they are also selling from 2 . lid. to a , ad. ' J -reeiis as low as 10 d, 6 d. Their stock of Brussels carpets consists of a spleni This day is published, price 5 .. T HE SECOND PART of a TREATISE on the GAME of CHESS. ao.UInlnK the Klnfc . Knilht't Oom . By W. LEWIS. A. H. Btilr and Co , 83. Cornhill. 13. Great Marlborounh-itr.et. M RS. TROLLOPE'S STORY of the NEW POOR-LAW, entitled JESSIE PHILLIPS.-Part I i now ready, price one shilling Illustrated by Leech, and embellished with a fine portrait of the Authoress. To be completed in twelve monthly shilling ptrt .-Ordei rehelvtd by al! bookrall.r anJ newsvendor . . . Honry Colburn, tmhllrtur. 13, Groat Marlborough-t t. THE TWO POPULAR NOVELS OF THE SEASON. riHIE POPE and the ACTOR. By the Author X of Seymour nf gudl.y, Thlnt for Gold, lee. •• Every page teem wiih beautifully eipreraed Incident -Aram Contracted with the .kill oft Fielding, and framed with all th. nower of a Mira Porier. -Bell' Meraengt-r. ' It it n production of no ordinary merit. '-Morning Herald, t he plot 1. admirably eon tructed-lh composition of Ihe •ab ject complete. -Court Journal. The beet historical novel ol the year. -Athenscura. Miaa Ellen Pickering' New Noral, Sir Miciubl Pal let. By the Author of The Fright, Cha-radea far Aet Mort , aef ., trMli cavendlth-aouara. REV. H ENRY BLUNT'S WORKS FOR FAMILY READING. A N EXPOSITION of the PENTATEUCH. Part II., Exodus and Leviticus, 6 . in clath. Second Edition, Part I., Genesis, is now r ady, 6s. in cloth. . Sermons preached at Trinity Church, Upper Chelsea. Fifth edi tion. l2rno. 6s, cloth.-Lectures on the History t Elisha. Price 5s. fid. in cl th. Fourth edltion.-On Jaceb. Fifteenth edition. 4s. Cd.-On St. Peier. Sixteenth edition. 4 . fid.-On Abraham, Tenth editian. 5s. cd.-On 8t. Paul. Ninth edition. Two vox. 6 . fid. esch.-On Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Three vote. 5s. fid. each. Eighth dition.-Discour ee on Some of the Doctrinal Articles of the Church of England. Eighth edition.■ #8j d. Expo sition ef the Epistles to the Seven Churches. Third edition. 69. 6d. sloth.-Also Two Sermons on the Sacrament of the Lords Supper. Eighth edition. ls.-Trlal of the Spirits, b xth edition. Ii.'Jd. Messrs. Hatchard and Sob, Piccadilly and Messrs. Hamilton, Adams, and Co Paternoster-row. The Twenty-eighth Edition of l.OOtrieach. F LETCHER'S FAMILY DEVOTION con-taining the Morning and Evening Service of a Familv for Every Day throughout the Year. Embellished with Author, and Sixteen elegant Engravings. Bound in cloth, gilt edges, price £1 6s. Also, a splendid Kditien, In royal 4to-prlce £2. • d by the following distinguished Mu ' Rev. John' M -' -Debdco Hall Estate,in the Countyof Euex.-Ry Me sr . HOGOART and NORTON, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, January 13. at Twelve, by direction of a mortgagee, .. T HE LIFE ESTATE of Sir F. Vincent, Bari., uuder a power of sale, in the rentals and income arising from and out of tho Debden Estate, farms, mansion, park, furniture, and effects, timber and underwood. It appears that the present income is about £4,400 per annum, of ample amount to secure the interest upon the mortgages, and sundry annuities, leaviag a surplus of about £650 per annum.-Pull particulars will be ready fifteen days prior to the sale, and may be had of Messrs. Pritchard and Col lett, solicitors, Lincoln's-inn-fields at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton. Si, Old Broad street, Royal Exchange, Absolute Reversion to One-fourth Part of Fivv Copyhold and Free hold Public-houses, situate in and near to Colchester, m the county of Essex, oa the death of a lady • 63. and now Pricing on lease £310 per annum -By Messrs. HOGGART and NORTON, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, January 13 instead of December 16, as before advertised , at Twelve, , , , , HE Absolute REVERSION, on the death of a lady, aged 63, to one-fourth part of five copyhold and freehold public houses, situate as under The Red Lion, with stables, yards, garden, foe., at Thorrington, about nine miles from Colchester the Red Lion, with the brewhouse, stables, foe., at Folleshunt D'Arcy,t n miles from Colchester the Blue Bril, and nearly an acre of land, 4 the Old Hythe, In the borough of Colchester the Black Boy, with orchard and premises, at Werleigh, ten miles from Colchester and T the Half Mooh ot Weavers' Arm£ with cottage and premises adjoin ing. in Middleburgh-street, in the borough of C r Colchester. Theabovo bouses are all in good trade, and art let on lease for a terra of four teen year from Lady-day, 1833, at a rental of £3i per annum.-M ay bo viewed by leave of the tenants and particulars had at the Cuns, Colchester of Messrs. Pritchard and Collett, LincoWi-inn-fleW at the Auction Mart aud of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton, 64, O.d Broad-street. in tbe heart n 00 per an-the tenant Recommended L, ... . Rev. T. Raffles, LL.D., Liverpool. J.Pye Smith, D.D., Horn. College. W. B.Collyer, D.D , Peck-ham. J. Morrison, D.D., Chelsea. Adam Thomson, D.D., Cold stream. J. Harris, D.D., Epsom. Jotiah Pratt, B.D., Vicar ef St. 8tephen't, Coleman-street. G. Collieon, D.D.. Hackney. F. A. Cox, D.D., Hackney. J. Sherman, Surrey Chapel. J. Young, Albion Chapel. ' nonials have also been racer kut.iicu iuiBister ! • _ ,hn Clay ton, Jun.,Hackney. J. A. James, Birmingham. R. Philip, Matwrly Chapel. J. Gilbert. Islington. J. Davis, Bristol. G. I gge, Bristol. W. Brown, Bristol. T. Blnney, Weigh-Houss. Samuel Luke. Chester. James Parsons, York. John Ely, Leeds. Samuel Ransom, Hackney. H. Calderwood, Kendal. J. Sibree, Coventry. G. Lawson, Selkirk, foe. foe. foe. foe. Testimonials have ateo been received from nearly one hundred of tha moat iuflu' ntial clergymen of America. London George Virtue, 26. Ivy-lano, and all booksellers. Valuable Reversion to an extensive Freehold Property, in tl of the City of London, producing a rental of nearly 700 nuro ateo aa Annuity of £100, payable during the life of th for life.-By Messrs. HOGGART and NORTON, at the Mart, on Friday, January 13, at Twelve, in One Lot. A Very valuable REVERSIONARY INTEREST, expectant upon the death of a lady aged 48 to an important Freehold Property, occupying a large site of ground in the centre of the city of London, comprising nearly the whole of Three King-court, Lombard street three dwelling houses and shops. Nos. 5, 6, and 7, Nag's Head-court, Lombard-street three dwelling houses, counting houses, and premise . Nos. 1,2, and 3, on the west side of a passage leading from Three King-court to LoHibard-atr et and a dwelling house. No. 4, on the north side of a passage leading into Clement's-lar.e also the extensive warehouse, dwelling house, snd business premises, situate on tbe north and cast sides a passage leading from Three King-court into Lombard-street, on lease to Messrs. Prlco and Gosnell tie whole of this valuable property pro ducing rentals amounting together to nearly £700 per annum. A so an Annuity of £100, most amply secured payable during the life of the lady aged 48, whe is tenant for life, so that the purchaser will be in receipt of an income of £100 per ann. until the death ol the life tei.nnt. whvn he will become pMMMed of the valuable property in reversion t it U subject to the payment of £3,8 4 within sisimonths of the death of the tenant for life.-Particulars may be had of Messrs. Maltby nd Beachcroft, Old Broad-street of .Messrs. BourdiUon and Son. Great Winchester-street at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton. 62, Old Bread- street. Royal Exchange. Freehold Rental of £50 per Annum, arising out of a capital Baker's P hop and Premise , situate at the corner of Walkert-court, Peter-.treat. In the p ri.h ol 8t. Jranra, Weriiyn.Ur.-Merer,. HOGOART .nd NORTON, at the Mrat on FrW y. Jen. M, it IS. A Well-sccured FREEHOLD RENTAL of i80 per Annum, wiria, oat of on .13.ll.nt baker 1 , .hop and pra-mlwa. situate in P.ter. tre t, at the corner of W.lker'i-court. In the p.rlih of 8t. JtniH. W.itmlmUr coroprlilnu ep.clou. doable-tronred .hop, -Ith b t.houw, flour room, rad loft oy.r, rad con-renl.nt dwalling-hraii. attach... Th. .Ito.tlon i. In .aery populou. F nel.hbourho-i.ond the bueineM now carrying on I. of . v.rr ..t-n-. .tv. nature. The pramira. ran held by Mr. Arthur, a rary reipraubl. Neatly bound raid jilt, price W., . tenant, under lew. for a Lrm of al yew , at a moderate rental of 'LIES in AMBER beiog Charges ongintklly ,rnato square at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton, 62, Old Broad-street, Royal Exchf ige, M r. CAFE and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at their Rooms, Great Marlborough-gtreet_ _THI8 DAY, Butterflies in Amber these Charadis might without presuraptien, so varleusly pretty and BT fu o they teem to us, and as suitable to the garden beneh as to the Christmas flre-i rintA t for B Bowdery and Kerby of whom may be had, fjitite,their Catalogue of the Works of aU the most spproved nritoin Ml e use of young people, and where may be seen tne ifroatest variety of Bibles, Prayers, and Church Services in very superior flntehed bindings.-190, Ox ford-street, between OrchMti-street and Duke-street. MILLION OF FACTS.-Recently published, price J2s T HE MILLION of FACTS or, Book of Reference on .very •ubiwtof tentlflc.Llter.ry, Hl.tnrld, •nd Political Enquiry. By Sir RICHARD PHILLIPS. AIM the following Element.ry Book, for Bchools.prlce 1 ., Th Co titutio al CATICBUIC. By Sir R. Phillip,. Wut aud Bbc.osb, By th. Rev. David Blair. Fl.ST Lull Of AMTHM.TIO. , ditto. n th. Rev J Abbidomiht of th. OEAMMAa of GioaRAi'iir. By th. Rev. J. GoMimith. Darton and CUrk, H.lhorn-hlll at their Room., Great M.rlboroufh rtr .t THIS DAT, nnd followlnu day,at 12 precisely, modem FURNI1URB oomprUinn four post and French bedstead, with chinti hanging a beddinn, wlnjrf rad other wardrobe., chrat t drewera, dreratn table, and drawln, room curtain., rosewood couchta, of and chair., loo, c.ru, Jd work Ublm. wln,ed cabin t . brilliant pUte pSde.tal atdebo.rdM ret. ofdlmn, Ublei, cbMra, library Iwokcrara, table, and chaira. Axmln.ter.ndBruraele carpel., horiionud, cabinet, and Miuare pianoforte, by Brondwood. Clementt. rad Zeitter. n euteraio. . tf-actinir pianoforte, . 12ft. billiard table with Mate b!d! f m.'rb . b.th chin.?W . Pitted article., rad kitchen requl-.lion-May bo vieww!. and catalogue hnd. jug, publish , price a ., . S TRICTURES of the URETHRA their Caoiek Nature. ConteUueneM, rad Cure. With rwl g.i fjto g ferent mode, of t mrat hitherto practised is illustrated Dy numerou cumso, f eM 0 o, ave iJ cdU ra rnueerUl remov d seller in town or ceantry. ■ -Juit pohllkhed, price . ed ad tent free oa receipt of p et-ofllce Pitemactey-, M, Quadras A Meran. 0. J. Luch ant co. mitM eoniuiun mm ran inu rwo, and from Flv. tiU flight In the avenln, dolly, at theli reeldjnee. No. tu, Nawma.-itreet, Oiford-rtreet, London t rad country pottnta can h. ncoMifully treated, on mlnnuly deacriblno their como, rad enclffing the usual fw of £l for advice, foe. Sons of the Thames. . _ _ _ w M r. G. w. QUALLETT is instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at O.rraway's, on ThurMi.y, January 5, In loti, FIFrY-PIVB £10 SHARES In the Sen. of the Thame- London and Gr.vee.nd Iron Steam-packet Company,.with th. .ccruine Di vidend thereon. The whet, .mount or the .bare. ha been ptld up, end thi. prerent. to caplteliste an opportunity of eecure and lucrative investment.-Particular, may be nod at Garraway rad of Mr. Qu.llrtt, 28, Parker 1 .-row, Bermondiey. Albion Club. St. Jame.'wtreet.-Tne oic.llent Furniture, noble Glauei, . luperior Iron-plate Cioeet, 5 ft. 6 in. wide, . ft. i in. high, and4ft. 18 In. deep a ls-ft. BlUI.rd Table. byThnretent Shemeld Plate, TMtle and Bed Linen, elegant Chin, rad Cut Olios, a very complete Set of 10 Maps, on ipring roller.. In ru.heg.ny fe'sSRs! #, DEB'ENHAM and STORR are iVA directed by the Committee of Mraraement of the Albion Club to SELL, upon the Premiie.,85, 8t. Jraie.'i-.treet, Poll-null an Wednesday, J.nn ry 4, and following don. nt Eleven, .11 the ra-client HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, consUtlng of . Ml ef 0-ft. very superior Spanish mahogany dining tables, opening 17 its t in# card, loo, Pembroke, sofa, and coffee-room tables sets of very supe-rior 81 -t- k~___ JUlww.raAm dhllpt. Prtwnrofl with nOffUCOi ri-, r i-f-vet ■ wrt The Twblfth TnooeiJiD.-Juit pnhUehed, In s Moled envelope, at .... vmt by pet, free, .ed., M ANHOOD the Causesof its Preu atnra Decline. with plain direction, for It. perfect Keetoittlon Mdrawedto thoee laffering from the deetructive effect, efeioeetlve lndulg.net ' i followed by oheervMien. on the treat kc.. Ulu.tr.ted with cun, kc. ly J. L. CURTIS and CO coneulting lurgeone, Londo..-Publiahed by the Author.s and told by Bargers, S8,Coven-try-street. Hay market Mran, 39, Cornhill Strange, 1, Potemoe--.c - -iiioswatroo T -He t Drun _ _ ivelope by Co. ere to be d.Uy con iu, ted at t square, frem ten till three, ud f . country paUenti era be eacoeenfuUy t t .j w.e'cefvr h. ,•! f. eoUt ry h.bluuor tnfeetion followe ment of nnhuli, goaorrhmo, gleet. Twelfth Edition. By J. lTcURTIi _9tPeiBoroie,wia,Buu tuutu-L-Jum v u o, ww .u.j lor Spanish mahogany dining-room chairs covered with morocco capital library and reclining chairs, a set of three roahogany dwari bookcases, handsome chandeliers and lamps, a five-leafed son glasses. 72 by i oarpeti sad field Plate, in client DOOKca es, naBasorae cnan uvni VVZ~'ni Spanish mahogany frame, secret hingt mthofu fjn. •_#. winged bookcase, a door porter's hall-ehair, cheflbnosre, aider servants' bedroom furniture, noble chimney and pier 60in.,56 by 36, and 46 by 101 in two plates Brussels ' iry Urge dimensions excell r . dish pails, Ur a plateau.. very superior iron , -4 in. deep, fitted with twelve iron shelves, pab eemplete a large quantity ef table and books, including the leading periodicals the Times 1814, New Times, Courier, Morning Chrouicle, Obterver, ths .London QnieMe from 1814, c. a complete and eztimaive assortment of copper ®tew-pen., turbot kettles slock pots, Muttles tea kettle., Mc.jlroll-oton rad Amhum dinner and dewert Mrvlce., te. and coOhe profuilon of rich cut glut rad cntlery, d variety of otwrenVc -May he viewed two daye prevlou. to th. ule. .when orarioguee price 4d. each may be obtelned upon the premlue rad of the Auc-tlonncre. Klr.t-vtreet,Covent-eraden. ■'-PORTUOaLi LISBON, Die. 90. FROM OUR OWN CORRRaFORMNT Wo aro expectin? to learn what is to he tha totoM a# all the tariff negotiations, but as yet nothin appears to htoto boom decided either one way or the other. Additional in formation has, I believe, been sought for oa both rides, md a of the two plenipotentiaries took plaoo at too Foreign-ofllee on Thursday last it was expeetad bora that , some further offer would bo mads by tha ortogM negotiator this week, which might lead to a tori seuto-ment oi the question, t her by the offer brihr aeooptod or rejected but this does nOt PP bav. yst has dona few days will probably, howeroi', decide the yasetlnn tho mat difficulty is no doubt about lo woowne, p ri which it ia to be feared that the Portuguooa will a boindaoodto five way to the extent required by our gw M ut and if the negotiations are broken off, It wiH rmj Ittsly turn mainly on this point. It is a very difficult question. At present cottons are our great BWe of im port here but supposing the Spanish trwg wow ooo-cluded, wooUens would prolntbly rank eqarily hiA .1 though I fear there is considerable sxa s rion in the idea entertained in England as tothe Mriri whh tuwal could take of our woollen goods, were am duty ovor 80109 Uld taxs oi out wa ms •- -r , ... so low. The declared value JSftSSSt 1831 it was £281 in 1835 I th ? iiil83 ltMO. £334. The groat incro to the yoara 1W mo i a wera no doubt owing ' doSLad value of mo, £0 7,000 1840, £7p2 . .'W Id vS?e waa seat here to Nome extent. In IJfll the aljftw 2S n and iw.fSdm 1839. In 1840 tho amount Calculatinr the amount ol oottona not intended for ror tagueae consJmpUon at two-thirds toe whole amowt it fe probable that toe .luantttteo consumed m this ntry o our cotton and woollen goods, do ™?t gmHy dil ,_tn De irable little Grass Farm, and W oJlaiid surrounding a retired Cottage Residence, at Pinner, near Watford, and within a short drive of three stations en the Birmingham Railroad. M ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON are in-atructod by the Executors of the late Joseph Sellon, Esq , to of the village and church of Pinner, a picturesque spot, between Har row, Watford, and Uxbridge. It comprises a complete fer me orn e, consisting of about 100 acres, beautifully wooded, surroundlBg a com fortable residence on a mall scale, with pleasure grounds, garden, fishponds, gardener's cottage, aid various convenient buildings at prevent let on lease io a highly respectable tenant, at a very low rent. -For particulars and cards to view apply to Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son, land agents, in Water loo-place, Pall-mall. . First-rate Freehold Landed Investment, near Cirencester, embracing s.verai Capital Tithe-free Dairy and Stock Farms, well tenanted comprising the principal portion of the Parish of Ashten Keynes with the Manorsof the Leigh and SeuthCerney, partly bounded by the River Isis. M ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON are instructed to announce that early in_ the ensuing d that the Portuguese government totally any intention of giving way to toe Franco toe subject of aaeeseed taxea the French - - . -, _ instructed to announce that tarty ia he Feasts of the Circumcision and the Epiphany-Reviews of the 80- spring unless previously disposed Of by Private Coatract , they liloquy of the Soul, by B.Thomas h Kempls, and of the Hymns of the shall SELL by AUCTION, under ths powers of an Act of Parliament Parisian Breriary-Ecclesiastical Documents, No. I.-Decision of the and with the sanction of the High Court of Chancery, the y 7reja able and important MANORIAL ESTATE of ASHTON KEYNES within 5 mile6 of the capital town of Cirencester, fr ? 1 Cncklase and ten from Wootton Basset comprising the Church Parm, Kent end, Rickstone, North-end. and the Leigh Farms, with their superloi and substantial house and homesteads also the Manors of Leigh and South Cerney, with fishery in the river Isis a public house, snd other properties In the village the whole embracing nearly I.oh aercs.the greater part rich gra s land, and all in the hands of h'.gh-y respectable tenants.-Mr. Clark, of the Manor Farm, vlil show the estate and particulars may be newn on application toMesir . Ten nant, Harrison, and Tcr.nant or to W. With m. Eso . solicitor Grav's inn-square and ot Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son .land agents, in Watarloo-place. Pall-mail, and Windsor. In Berkshire!-Valuable Presold Estate with a superior Farm Re sidence or Shooting Box, in a fine sporting country. M E8SR9. DANIEL SMITH and SON are commissioned to OPFER for 8 A LB, a very desirable and re markably compact FREEHOLD ESTATE of nearly six hundred acres, let to a highly respectable tenant, in a very favourite and healthy part of Berks, offering both an ex ellent investment and a picturesque sporting domain the principal farm homestead being of a superior character and pleasantly placed nearly In the centre of tl.o estate, and without the expense or pretensioRS of a country seat, is capable of being easily made a very comfortable and gentieman.y residence for a moderate establishment -Por particulars, c., apply at their offices in Waterloo-placc, Pall-mall Salvage Paper. T OPLIS and SON Will SELL by AUCTION Bt tttelr Room.,No. 18.81. Pnri'.Chureh ra d.o .Th ran.T. January 5, at Twelve for One o'clock, ordra of the Director of the Sun Plre 0 oe, about 1,100 reran ef PAPER, prat of whlch te illvbtlr dera.fcd by fire, compoeed ef double em.lMi.nd, double email-email cap, demy, ' .i.iihraithattera. .ewi fcc.-May be viewed bra t the c ny nre, compowa o -v fettoTbeiDir all oonauineJ to th'e country, into which Spanidh W mart wnnllen vurn to a conbldtirablo extent. Toe few woollen manufactoriee eatabitehedI herei are rilol tbe towraqraligrat in the liner qualitiee they do not attempt to compete Wi One branch of onr trade, which t be g Mhr to creased by a reduction of duties, w the l rv trade. The amount now imported 18 in8iKnu Jt • declared value wae only £13,419 in 1840. Iron wrought and unwrougbt, have tncreaeed firom J 2,W0 to £62,000 in toe last ten years. The duUeeon barfwaredare enormous, a great many articles paying 70 to 100 pa wnL, and some a g reat deal more than tnat. I am told that Portuguese say they don't want more protection on any thing than 3t per cent. In this case the matter J easy enough. But some people here have curiou ao-riAna A.hnut' thp wav of estimating 1 duties Certain an thorities of the Custom-house made their calculations toudt an article of cutlery can be bought ot the retail dealer for, say 300 reis and as the duty paid on the same article was 100 reis, it did not amount to per cent, ad fact being, that toe cost price of the article delivered to Lisboa by toe importer J0 reis the dutv exsctlly rant, percent. and toe other 100 reis e profit of the retad tradesman, being 60 per cent, on the 200 refe paid to the importer by toe government. By toe same cutowemjKjj say hat as a botUe of Port wme costs, say 4s. Bngiand, and thsre being six bottlse to a gaUon. which pays Ce.Od. duty, the duty on Port wme is undsr 25 per oent. ad valorem. 1 understand i deny having any - -nrutensions on the subject ot - -7- , themeelvee, however, affirm that seized haa been offered them, and that the levy ia WMfr pended. The Suffrein French line-of-bettle ship arrival Kre from Brest yesterday, Admiral c L n d h er 1 i is said she will go to Kio de Janeiro. The French have also here the IguaL corvette and Volage brig of war and it is said that two more vessels are expected. The government has carried retrenchment into effect to some extent, but all this wL little avail if let slip, and something be not do to p T J? re tST astrous results that would ensue to Portugal were to Spanish treaty to be concluded, and things here remain 4 th A y conUwct has been made with the Conffanfa C ® JW the object ol which is to alter the mode of paymeutci the balance dne by the government to the company under pre vious contracts and for which some ofthec entreve-nues were pledged, toe company receiving J 1 came in. The company take the balance, contos, in bills falling due on the 10th of , bruary, and so on till June next nnd the decima and other revenues 1 the end o made with the tooacco coniracwia, duct of the decima of 1840-1841, had been pl dgr d for t s repayment of a balance of 312 contos tois sum isinowto be repaid, partly by deducting • 5 k Pl r S monthly paymenu of 100 contos each, which have to make to toe government, but chfefly by bills re ceivable at the Custom-house for the tobacco duty, toe latter being to the amount of 220 conto . . . It has been asserted by toe opposition journals that • French loan of 1,000 contos of reis is on H e tapis, but to ministerial papers deny that there is any foundation tor th I 'hear'that toe Spanish government dehvering up oi the Gloria, alias Grande Antilla, to VmenU oa toe ground that as toe court at that the paperB by which she was converted from a Spaman to a Portuguese vessel were irregular, the traujer wm coneequently not complete, and she remained Spanwn, an as such ought to be given up. Thie ia a quear the affair, and would give rise to great abuses if listened to by Portugal. , - , The following article from the National is a rood speci men of the view taken by the French partisans here of the events alluded to. It is entitled The executions at Barce lona and the treaties with England. The accounts received respecting the blood which legs vengeance has shed in toe capital are not uniform but to# reports concerning the projects of the authorities seem to indicate that moderation will be unknown there. In Spain civil dissensions have always been accom panied by the moat horrible tragedies out expeneno# ought to cot vince the Spaniards that such means ure en tirely ansuited to gain whatever ends, and the prograss ot civilization ought t soften this barbarity. . Would that the Regent would become aware of to evils that bloodshed must infallibly bring to his authonty, to his reputation, and to toe interest ol toe Queen her self. Can it be true, however, what is said of the share that England has taken in the bad treatment received by un-' y Barcelona? It would little surprise us. The question was to annihilate the industry of a con tinental stale, to remove the embarrassment that a manu facturing province opposed to the consumption oi English goods and the British arms have never fired a shot unless to facilitate the sale of some yards of cottons, or some boxes of poison. For this reason we are disposed to believe all that we hear in this sense. , . But we are also persuaded that thoee who now shoot Spaniards to serve Englishmen will not long be considered as Spaniards. But be it how it may, it appears beyond doubt, that the events of Barcelona although still wrapt in the darkest mystery are, at least on one side, in intimate relation with the efforts oi toe English to conclude a treaty of commerce with the Spanish government and it appears equally certain that this treaty is either already made, or, at to least, is inevitable. We shall now see whether the advocates of conventions of this kind between ourselves and England will at last open their eyes we shall see whether toe effects of our treaty will or will not be such as we have so often said-the ruin of our manufactures induetria , without any be nefit for our wines. Already bound by the treaty, and dependent on th English government respecting the duties in both countries, we shall pe sacrificed by England toe instant she shall have arranged her affairs with our neighbours. Ths scale of duties will be against us both in the ports of Portugal and of England. In addition to so many internal causes of rain, ther will fall upon us toe weight of calamity prepared by onr moet natural and moat cruel enemies our country 1 destined to be converted into a desert. This is a fair specimen of the language held by our adver saries here they would not make treaty with ns them selves, neither wonld they allow us to make one with Spain. In whose interest can they write ? The question is an swered by putting another questionWhat power is moet interested In preventing our making treaties with either Portugal or Spain, by which the wines and brandy of those countries would find Increased consumption in England, and British manufactures increased consumption in the Peninsula ? The Queen has this year again relinquished 50 contos of her income, and the King-Consort 40 contos, in consequence of the necessitous state of the Treasury ths Portaria ot Baron Tojal announcing the fact is dated the 23d Instant. Some one apparently well acqnainted with the affairs ot the Lisbon Fishery Company has published an account of their actual state on the 30th of September last, from which It appears that toe company, which is now In to seventh year of Its existence, has sunk and lost 70 per cant, of its capital toe latter amounted to 474 contos, being cash actually received from the shareholders while toe cash In hand on th 30tb of September, toe vessels, and all other effects of the company, Including a number of abandoned shares, See., are estimated altogether at only 188 eon to#, showing a deficit of 336 contos, and this, nomtoetandtog all the encouragement it hu rtorived from th legislature, whleh, to bolster It up, hu levied such heavy dude oa foreign ult fish. The British steamer of war Locust cam In from England for ooal on Thursday, and left the next day for Malta. The Portuguese ship Affonto d'Alboq'ierqtieleft fer Angola and Moeamblque on Saturday, taking 300 convicts for torn colonies. ' _ The Suffren, French Un of battle ship, whlehou anchor when she came in almost on the opposite side ri ™ rivar, has since been towed to toi aid , and taken up • near the shore, which does not look like leaving. It • ported, I know not on what grounds, that a F'-' dron, under toe oommand of an admiral. here for th# present. Oldham,-A Sign of p t iraJtew 0 T r har- V' Millor, and J. Bsqr clast of ntt-payen, ra3 P-makers, Sec., in Oldham arrears of poeftr rate. .7 arrangements fer paym r -MandUior Timor. ... fi l 1
[OCR_aligned] -3 0 l iVo 22,813. Pi LONDON. MOW DAY. JANUARY 2, 1843. C T BAM to HAVRE in lieu of the PHENIX.-W,UJAM WWOETT. Oaptela F x Loudon T er day J aimarjW,,a lEight, a.m. Friday, January @@fl @jnday, January 89 v __ _ I Batten and Edwards, P om Hayu. Thursday, Jan, 5 Min Sunday, Jan. 18 5? 0 iX 1R Wednesday, Jan. 25 XTOTICE i@ hereby given, that a SPECIAL AN GENERAL MEETING ef the PROPRIETORS of tbe LON-'NO HAM RAILWAY COMPANY w@ltThe held tithe ndon,@@@ Monday, the 16th day of January now lse ~ . to tide. ay. In. u 66. Lower Thames street Hore' Baekina onoea. 18, Strand, und 14. Bocfcler bury James Hartley and G kj The City of Dublin Steam Paci powerful atrein ' ea i for Cr -January, or Aider Crutohed friar 44, Re ft nt-etreet, Pi TEAM for CORK, calling at PLYMOUTH.-7 1 City of Dublin Steam Packet Company's aple W•fc 1 THE LEEDS. Captain R. WxiXli COft.v, call inn at PLYMOUTH, on Saturday moral 7 t Eight o'clock. Passengers can embark at Si. Xi lerman Stairs. below the Tower.-Offices, 1C, Jol Company's splendid and in R. WILLIAMS, will ling, 7 th of 'atherine s _ -.-. - Offices, 1C, John-itreet, i PtcoidUlr Dublin 8team Wharf, Iroatat j. Agent in Cork@.O.@Lefebu@m, Esq.. Liwer Merchaut's-auay, Smt scut for to any ? art of town. A@u heavy Roods, carriages, K r ea, foe.for shipment, to be sent to the Dublin S@Uvn-wharf, Ironvate. adjoining @h@ Tower. A sylum for female orphans, wet-ralB.t.r-MIdrre-rora, @Umbeth.-A QUARTERLY COURT of Ik. Guardian@ of lltl. Charity will be held .t Ih. @limitation on Thul . dra neit.Jrauur 5th, ,t Twelve o'clock preeiMlr.oa Mineral butine@w. W.TJaVIKS, Sec. K OYAL FREEMASONS' SCHOOL for FE@ MALE CHILDREN.-A QUARTERLY OKNERAL COURT ©i inis Institution will be holdcn at the 8c hool-hooi'j, WestmiHPter-@r ad. on Thursday, the 18th day of January. b'Atar t, at twelve o'clock nrecieely. FRANCIS CREW, Secretary, January 1, 1@U . ,7. Lamb'a Conduit-elrcet. B ritish orphan asylum, CJm ham-riw. that the ANNUAL OR-Nr.iiAL MEETING, and Thirty-flm Half-yearly Election, will tak@@e tiie Loiuion@Tnyern. Bieliopwate-i tre t,@on Monday, January 16, 1342, when Six Children will be elected. The Ballot will com@ mence at Twelve o'clock, vn 1 tbe door of the room will be closed at Three precisely. After thd Election the general b sinefs will be tran-, JOHN I AVI8. A.M , Hon.Secretary. Applications to be made at the Office, No. II, Abchurch-lane, c . wodviesdayR, from Eleven to Four o'clock or to thu Assistant Decre-2S JW t r, Mr. J. Leach, 11. President street East, Goe-@Well-road. T he puovident clerks mutual RKNBPIT ASSOCIATION and BBNKVOT.BNT FUND, 60, Kin. W iIlian -stroti, London-br@@Mf, December @@@@iMt. Notiee Is hereby irfv.n, that the SECOND ANNUAL GENERAL jlBETIN@Oof the MEMBERS of the Benefit Department of this As@ tor at on will bo held at these officer, on Monday Evening, the 16th ■Mi-_ naaoment and General'committee, will be filled up. 11 rr. esnar.oe of a rrqnitftlon to me, as Ch man of this DON and BIRRING Euston Hotel, Lond _. , t 9 n .'xt rnsulng, at Twelvo,@o'cloc . precisely, for ths purpose of cons@l d@onng the @xpedtency of authorising tbe Directors to apply to Par-@liament in the ensuing Session for an Act to make a Branch Rail@ way from the Ha n Line In the parish of Blisworth, In the county@of Northampton, to the city of Pe' erborouKh, and to adopt such mea@ sures as may be necss arv to effect that object. 9J £411RQLYN. Chairman 0f tbe Board ef JOSEPH F. LBD3AM, Deputy Chairman Directors, By order. R. CREED, Secretary. OffiCf, Button Station, Dec. 81, 1848, E dinburgh and Glasgow railway.-NKW STOCK .-QUARTER SHARE8.-Tbe THIRD CALL, @Min, TWO POUNDS TEN SHILLINGS per SHARE. Mb due. In Ibe_E.Mtl.Uori. of Ike SbnrrhoMen, on Tu@nday. Jutnary Jfth, 181V. Inlere@m at th. rate ol live per@cent, will be chirred, from the chore dele, on the .mount of the @GUI unpaid and interact Kbam 0W bf th Conipu ' T l #• vatrtr r t oa all Cal@b paid In The I'ronrlttora will plcaee ta obeerve that tbe receipt@ for all the AW.-SOLICITORS' BILLS.-A London So-I t Call! eubseriuent to tha flret tiiU.t be given by tbe Bankere on the E'Up. U 'r evidence of payment being ndmlreib@b. Scrip may @UiWbed by forwerdlni to thl. Office tbe receipt for the Hret Call. wlll 1 r ® 1111 In arrrar of ana or both of the Sret end eecend Calb. .are requeeted to make immediate payment nf them with internet. H. G. WRIGHT, Sec. Edinburgh @Md Qba@aow Hallway Office. Qlaagnw. Pan. t. 180. . TTNIVER8ITY COLLEGE, London. FA-@CULTY@of@ARTS@and LAWS. The LECTUBBS on the claaeea In thle fuculty will be RE6UHEO on Tueeday, the loth af January, 1813. Such a dlvieirn of the subject @b made in most@clavees ac enable, a student to enter advantageouely at thin part of the c@@ame. OFORGE LONG. A.M . Oe@m. Dec. 1841. CHARLES C. ATKINSON. Secretary to@lhe@Council. XITILSON'S SCOTTISH ENTERTAINMENTS. ▼ ? -At tho Music HallajStore-street, THIS EVENING, Jt-@nuary 8, at Eight o'clook, Mr. WILSON will give his Entertainment, HHiprieing th@ ADVENTURES of PR INCF. CHARLES, with the illustrative Jacobite soncs. Pianoforte. Mr. Land.- 1 Tickets, 2s. reserved seats, 2 . 6d. private fc x s for six, I5s. for eight, £1.@@ RAND BALL, Crowu and Anchor Tavern, VJT Strand.-Mr. CALDWELL beg@ to announce that his SE@ COND grand PLAIN DRESS BALL this season will take place In the great room of the al ove Tavern TO-MORROW, January 3. - Tickets. 3s. each, to be had at Mr, Oa@Mwall's academy for dancing. S' , Dean street, Soho bar of the Crown and Anc@ii mnd rtfi#' r rlncipal muslc sell re. Mr. Csldwell will be happy'to give instruc-@@@ons to any party in a few easy lesson , so thsT@they may take part in the qua@inllee so often danced at thi@afo tive apa on. Terms four they may take part •f lo ury n t. hi Six d'tto'k red ely_ At this meeting vacancies, which hnva neeumfi kn 4 ,h Board of ml Oonr' Management and General i H lion, vigvtcd by seven members, this meeting is mads sjrecinl, to np@ poiat a Committee to revise rules. ... . GEORGE THOMAS, Chairman. N.fi. Tho Annual General Meeting of the B nevolent D partnunt will be held on the 6ih of February next, of wnioh due notiee wili be given. @@OYAL SANTIAGO MININO COMPANY.-Notice @l hereby given, that the GENERAL MEETING of Iks HHAREIIOLDEhS will be Paid at th@ office of the company on W ,• Hu driay, the 4th of January next, at One o'clock precisely, when the directors will make their report and d c1are a d.v dend. 8 . 1 road-street-building , December 16, iwt. CJMIF, Court of Directors of tbsTsT@ KATHA-1 RINE DOCK COMPANY do hereby give retire, that _ GENERAL HALF-YEARLY MEETING of the PROPRIETORS will b@ held at the Dock-house, Towur-hill, in the county ef Middle@ sex , on Tu'aday. thr @nth day of January next, at Twelve o'clock at E wn, for the purpose of declaring a DIVIDEND on the Capital Stock of the Company, for the Half-Year @mding tbe 31st instant, when the accounts t f receipts and disbursement@ of the said Com-@eany, for tbe year ending th@ 3l t Instant, will be laid before the proprietors, which accounts will be ready for examination or in erection, by auch Proprietors, on and after the 3d day of January next. Tiie ' looks of the Company will close on Saturday, the 24th Initent, and open on Monday, the 23d day of January next. By order of the Court, JOHN HALL, Secretary. Ft. Katharine Deck-house, Dec. 20, 1642. N.B. The chair wili be token at One o'eiock prec@Pely. A nglo Mexican mint office, d, New Hroad-streot. Lonc o°. December 17, 1642. Notice is hereby given, that a SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING of Shareholders of the Angle Mexican Mint Company will be held at th Office, ou Wednesday, the 4th ?f January next, to take into con-• ileratiort the expediency of raising additional capital for the pur@ poses of the Company. The chair will be taken at two o'clock precisely. O. B. LONSDALE, 8#c@ TH SUITABLE CORPORATION.-The Court V. J of Proprietors of this corporation have declar d a DIVIDEND of GNU SHILLING and SIXPENCE, a SHARE, which will be PAID A@@ir. Till'.- office, Guildhall bui@Hings, London, on the 10th of Jap wry institnt. @OOUTH AUSTRALIAN C0MPANY-D1VI DEND.-The Director@ of the Roath Australian Cerepany giy notice, that the HALF YEAR'S DIVIDEND, at the rate of Four pe rent, per Annum on the paid up Capital, due ilst instant, will l e PAYABLE at the Company's Officea, on Monday, January 16, 1843. and Every subsequent day, between the hours of Eleven and Three. The Transfer Books of the Company will be closed from sd to 9th January, 4 private ieisons at any hour convenisTTf, 10s. A practical quadrille . Frid T •reftinge, from EUht Jf R. HEN RY RUS8ELL S SECOND VOCAL D . i.vLR. ENTERTAINMENT will take place at tbe Hanover-sqaare paid, but the adver-. be thorouxhly satisfied of the Integrity and ability of the applicant.-Applications to be made in wilting, to A. Z., at Mr. Bienkarit s, law bookseller. J9, Chancery-lane, London, with real name and address age, qualifications, terms, and references. @GECRETARY WANTED.-The Projector@ of a Public Company, now in course of formation, require a SE@ CRETARY, who must be of first-rate address, thoroughly conver@ sant with business, and of highly respectable connections. He will be required to invest £1,00J in shares. Salary to commence In a few months , about £ W0 per annum at first, and increasing with the suc@ cess of the undertaking.-Address pre-paid to C. F.@ Messrs. Risley and Chappell, soliciters, Quality-court, Chancery-lane. T O PARENTS,-A Solicitor one of a firm in extensive practice in the immediate viciaity of the Temple ha@ a VACANCY for an ARTICLED PUPIL, who would beard with tbe advertiser at his private residence at the west-end of town. Pre@ mium for the five years, £409. The most unexceptionable references would be given and required.-Address, C. F@n care of Messrs. Richard , law bookseller . 194, Fleet-street. T O BARENTS and GUARDIANS.-WANTED, a respectable Youth, about fifteen or sixteen, as an APPREN@ TICE to an old-established SUROEON-DKNTI6T. The pupil would have unusual advantages for excelling in his profession, being under t e constant superintendence of the advertiser, who is himself a thorough practical man, both in the surgical and mechanical part but he w'11 be required to board and lodge with his friends. A mo@ derate premium,-For further particulars apply by letter pre-paid , with rrttl name and address to ▲. B@@ Mr. Pollock, surgeon, S6, Hat-@ton-garden. F RIDAY-STREET,-To be LET, or the LEASE to be SOLD of capital PREMISES, most desirably situate, being in the centre of the Linen and Silk Markets comprising an extensive and light warehouse on the ground floor, large warehouse on the first floor, with parlour and kitchen, drawing room and bed rooms o@wr, large dry cellars in thv basement, See. o.-Further par@ ticulars may be had of Toplis and Son, No. 16, St. Paul's Church@ yard@ S TAMPOftD-HILL.-'To be LET on Lease, by Messrs. WIN9TANLEY.-A commodious detached RESI@ DENCE, suited for a resoectable family, pleasantly situate as above, containing seven bed chambers, three sitting rooms, kitchen and office?, with good stabling, coachhouse, excellent garden, lawn and ffreenhouse. The whole we@U supplied with spring and soft water.-Por terms and cards to view, apply at No. 10, Paternoster-row or to Mr, John Combe, solicitor. No. 9, Staple-lug, Holborn, TTALUABLE BUILDING GROUND.-Several ▼ PLOTS of GROUND on the Marquees of Exeter's estate in @ie vicinity of tjie Strand, are - -E DUCATION.-Term@ £5 per Quarter, in-@eluting bo rd, @lMtraettoa either for profeeelonel or neer-@til eitumtlon. ,@clolhin , ctUtaaMT.uid er.rr extra. NO,raraUoM. moot unexceptionable reftwtww to puente end gn.rdtua can be xlr.n@aa to the treatment of tte poplli, liberal Ulet. and eratem of educ@tion. Garde mar ha had at reete'i Coffee-hooH, lT7 L Floet-• tract, London, hall Aeadem between Twa o the traelnieat of tha puplla. liberal diet, and •yetetn of Cerde may ha had at rtoie'a Coffee-hotue, l Ffoet-loa, where llr. TW Y MMffi. the Proprietor of Winton-bt, Kirk by Stephen. Weetnioreland, may ha eeen daily, relye and Twa o'aloah. , PUBLICATIONS. NBW SERIES FOR THE NEW YEAR. ILLUSTRATED. rpHE MONTHLY MAGLAZINfe and LIBERAL A MISCELLANY.-Arraneemente her Inn been made with writer, of@emleeiee, thle oM-a.tahll had Marina w@Ul henceforth furnlih Baers, Tale . and@Criliclawi. in accordance with the eplrtl of@tha age. Illustrations will be diran with each Number, and tha prlea btlng re@ diced to la. 6d@@ it will come within tho roach of ayery pereon de-■ Irons af poewMinar an eotertai@mn@ miscellany. Sherwood and Go., Patarnoater-row. Coutbwts tom J.iruaar i s from tha same family. Accomplishment! by maatera af amlnaaee on terms equally reaaooabla. A teacher wanted who understands the ireaeral Duslnese of a school alia a half boarder.-Gards ol address, a, Little Britain and Mr. Oram's,@@n, Charinc-cross. L anguages.-Hamiltonian systbm. -WINTER CLASS BE.-lea, Reyent-stree@L- A pupil will aaqulra mere in flee or ill weak@ an thie eyatem of the speaking end rueful knowledge of a lengnage than In two yea@n on the old.''-Edinburgh Be.low. Thle la the areateet improvement of the age. Westminster Raflew.-M. D'UEAtBR. M.A., @uslsted by Foreign Professors, sad a Graduate of Otford, is now forming ADULT CLASSES for tho Oreeh, and English languages,-I tended within ten inllee.-1 8. Bankrupt Banka .... I. Nursery Rhyme@ far Sncklag Politic@@!! 10. Art-Uniooe 11. Ptm ~ ... . Jerco Pennlleeee 11. Tho Patrician's Daughter 13. Fact@ and Plgarea. Misc@oUanaou@ Notices. Books, Drama, Music, cc. French, German, Italian, Spanish, tuition. Schools and families it-mt-street. Library, @lb, lloliee-street. B ULL'S NEW SYSTEM FOR FAMILIES AND BOOK SOCIETIES. Families paying £8 6a. tbe year have all the New and Standard Works they order, twelve eolumee at a time in town, or twenty-four in the country. Cntaloguee and boxes free of pipenee and two guineas' worth of the new beeki to keep at the end of each year. _ Societies can subscribe at the rate of' 14s. per member only. The new past eataloeuee, with full part@kmtara, cant gratis sad post free. -Apply to Mr, Ball, librarian, as shore, T O ADVERTISERS.-'the Firit Number of the ILLUSTRATED POLYTECHNIC REVIBW a Journal de-@voted to Science, the Fine Arte, and .Literature , which will be pub@ lished on the 7th of January, 1643, will be circulated to the extent of 30 i OO eepiec, aa i presents a first-rate medium for advertiseraent .-Office, 143, Strand. D AILY LIST of PRICES of the various FUNDS and SHARES in which'bueine@M is chiefly trane-at'ted@ a compaSned with such remark@ as the frequent rhange of cir Hi~ i Ridg 1. Sir Robert Peel 8. Athena and the Athenians 3. Line@ from GBiensch!ceger 4. The nirroer'e Fireside, Illus-@traten by Zeitter. Corn-law Tales, No. 1 6. China and the Tea Thiugs @0 Lord Braugham and David -Hume on Miracles 7. Song from Beranger . _ In an early number will be introduced No. I of M Money, a Novel, i by Daniel Hardeaatle, jun., with @Hluatratione. EDITED BY THOMAS HOOD, B8Q. ILLUBTRATBD BY l-EECH. The January Number for 1843. of M w OLBURN'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINB AND HUMORIST. Contains the following@Interentlng Article private coir -r of the late c cumstancee may render necessary to be obtained of Samuel broker. Stock Bi change, and 49, Threadeedle-ttreet in will NMENT will take place at tbe Hanover-sqaare Rooms, on Thursday evening, the 12th of January. Several new com@ positions will be introduced, namely The Dream of the Reveller, Thf National Melodies of America, ''The Young Soldier, ' several new Indian and Prairie hobkh, Jkc.. and, by desire, The Maniac, and Th@ Ship on Fire. Tickets 2s. Od.@each reserved seats 4t. each reserved family seals, to admit four, @KM. • d. each, to be had of Messrs. Cramer, Addison, and Heale, 201, Regent-etreet and of all the prin@ cipal raiiEic-sellers. The new Fanda pianoforte, manufactured by Joseph Kirkman and Bon ft, willb@ uaed@on this occasion. f@i 'or particulMwapply tAMaftt ... Iccadilly or to Mr. 8ydney Smirkc, 24, Berkoley-Bqtiure. o the Marquess of Kxettr's estate in will be permanent y oularged frrm fortf-eUhtto sixty four colui wal rdt'WailhTtu r , 27, Dofion-xtrw t, tu barytas Nwlw rlbws to '•sr aj Smirkc, 24, Berkoley-sqeure. not able, conveniently, to procure it through a loc l newivei E XETER-HALL, TICKETS for the LJ may be had at Keith, Pruwse, and Co.' , 46. Cheapside. Evening New RrOHd-streuf, Dec. 23, 1843. r NioN BANK DAVID M'LAREN, Manager. 01 1 TTNI0N BANK of AUSTRALIA, 38, V J Broad i tr@ t, London. December SO, 1842. Not co In hMre@bv given, that a SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING of the PROPRIETORS of this Hank will be held here on Monday, the @td of January, at One o'clock precisely, wh n the Directors will make a stavrii- nt of the Bank's affaiss up to the 31st instant, and de@ clave a DIVIDEND. By order of the Beard, SAMUEL JACKSON, f ocreiary. E nglish and Scottish law, fire and LIFE ASSURANCE, and LOAN ASSOCIATION.-Offlcee, No. 147, Strand, London and 11@1 Princee-street, Edinburgh. Sut-scribvd Capital £i,KVi,ooo. This Association embraces every description of risk, contingent upon Life nnd Fire. A liberal system of Loan. An exten ive lenal connection, a Direction, and Proprietary com@ pos d of all clas'cs. A uniou of the Engli h and Erotfh system@ of Aseurance. For table@ of rates of asMirunce, annui@Pea, nnd endowments, cr@any oihcr informnt@mn, apply at the Offices or to the Agents of the Ae-@•ooiation. J. B, PIDQEON, Actuary. @OCOT1T9H UNION INSURANCE COMPANY. IO Instituted in 1824, and incorno@Mtcd by Royal Charter. Loinroit Board. Charlc Ba'four, t?q. I Jokn Kingston, Esq. J. Gordon Duff, E q. j Divle Robert on, Krq. Rehrrt Murray, Esq. 1 H. F.Sandeman, Esq, R. O 'verson. Esq. John Small, Esq. Robert iillesple, F q. Daniel Stoddart, E q. James' codeo. Esq. I _ 8wt .er and Macke xie. Beq.. Manager. Mod rate Pates both for Fire and Life Assurance, liberal conditions, and unquestionable pveurity, are the distingu@hhing feature@ of this Co.'porntion. Speciul risks reasonably rated. Tablet of rates and •Vf ry intern atien may be bad of the Secretary, at the ohiot London office, 419, W est 8t@mrd, or at the city branch office, 78. Kir g Wil@ liam-street@ Manpion hou?e. F. G. SMI TH, Sec. @@ottish l mon Office. 449, West Strand, London. NITKD KINGPOM LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY. 8, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, London. F teblished by Act Of Parliament in @IBM. Division of Profits amonic the Assured. Honorary P BaiDMTs. Lari Somers 1 ord Viscount Falkland Lord llphinstone Lord Belhaveu and Stenton. u Bari of Frrol Karl of Courtown Karl Leven and Melville F fi of Norbury Lari of Stair Dl RIOTOUS. Ja . Stuart, Esq., Chairman. H. De Castro, Eeq., Deputy-Chairman, fiamuel Anderson, Esqr Hamilton Blair Atarne, Esq. Kdward@Boyd, Esq., Resident E. l.-mnox Boyd, Esq., Assistant Resident Charles Down??, Esq. Fecketary-Patrick MacIntyre, Keq. Tide C impan , established by Act ot Parliament, affords the meat perfect security in an umpte puid-up Capital, and in th@ great success which has attended it since Its commencement in 1834- In 1841, the Company declared @n addition to Ih- Sharehalders@of oik-half of their fitock, and also added £2 per cent. p r annum from the date of the policies @u those parties wno had Insured with Profits. The Premiums neverih@@fks are on the most moderate scale, and only a moiety need be irdd for the krst five years, where the Insurance is@fer Life. T e amount of bonus added to policies since the commencement of the Company in March, 1834, to tho 3lst December, i64u, is as follows -. £rHq., 1J_ . _ Charles Graham, £sq. F. Charles Maitland, Esq. William Ra@Utoii, Esq. John Ritchie, Eso. F. H. Thomson, Lsq. Sum Time Bum added .Assured. Assured. to Policy. Slo.nou o Yrs.liiMlhs.l1361M.4-J. JJW 4 Years, gn o Burn Time Assured. Assured. £1,000 3 Years ims I Year turn added to Policy £60 20 Kvsry information will b@ afforded on application to ths Resident Directors, Edward Boyd, Esq., and B. Lennox Boyd, Esq@@ af No. 8, Waterloo-nines, pall-mall, London. Frederick Ha@k Thomson,@Esq., surgeon, 46, Bernera-street, atteads @t the Office daily, abaut half-past Two o'clock. rpo tlie PUBLIC.-The COMMITTEE ot the Jl ART-UNION of LONDON hav-j hid their attention directed by numerous correspondents to som@ rec.nt announcements for the formation of Art-Union@ in tbe Metropolis and various provincial towns, professing to restmblo in prirciple this Society, but which are. in reality, commercial Piteculations for Individual berefit. TJ ey therefore dtem it their duty, in order to prevent misapprehension- by which serious mischief might bo done to a valuable mean@ of edvanc-@inz tbe Arts-to 6tat' broadly that thi@ Society was establ'hhed so@Dly with the di lnt rcsted view ot di@ eminatinK a love cf tbe Tine Arts throughout the British Empire-of legitimately promoting their pro@ gress, and elevating the public taate. No gentleman connected with its management has the slightest personal interest in the purchns@ of Works of Art, or can possibly derive any advantage, pecuniary or otherwise, therefrom, so that there is no subordinate end of an irdiviriual nature to serve. Tits Committee cannot but view with distrust any scheme which, under the guise of such a principle as this, seeks to assume for indi@ viduals, actuated by pecuniary motive , an it fluence which might plHce Art and Arti'ts in a state of thraldom likely to be productive of most serious consequence . Tho Society'@ vronpectus and all other information may be ob@ tained at the office, 4,Trafalgar squarc, Charing-cros , and of any of tho local secretaries throughout the country. Rubseribtr@ of the cur@ rent year will receive, in addition to the chance of obtaining a valu@ able work of u't, a Line Engraving from Sir A. Caleotl'a Picture, Raffuollo and@nhe Fornarlnn, by Mr. L. Blocks, which is in a rtate of considerable f orwardntss. An early subscription 1r invited. PiiBSiDBirr-H. R. H. the Duke of CAMRRIDGB. Vice Pbesidbrt- 1 The Most Noble the Marquers of NORTH@ AMPTON, P.R.8. Committee of Management. Henry G. Atkinson, Esq., F 0.8. j Henry Thomas Hope, Esq. le ' ' Charles Barry, Esq-. K. A. Thomas fSsll, E q., P R.8. John Briiton, Esq., F.8.A. B. B. Cabbell, Esq., F.R.S., F.8.A. William Col lard. Esq. Robert Dickson, E q., M.D., F.L.9. C, P. Dimond, E q , Treasurer Thomas L. Donaldson. Fmi. William Ewart, Esq., M.P. John@S. Ga-koin, Esq. George Godwin, Esq., F R.S@@ F.8.A. Thomas Griffith. Esq., M.A@ Sir Beniamin Hall. Bsrt.,@M.P. E. Hawkins, Esq., F.R.8., F.8.A. Henry Haward, Esq. William Le@uL E q@ William C. Macready, Esq. T. P. Matthew, Esq. T. Moore, E q., F.S.A, George Morant, E6q. George John Morant, Esq, Richard Morris, Esq. John Noble, Esq., F.S.A. Lewis Pocock, Esq.. F.S.A. Tlie Right Honourable the Lord Pradhoe W'. J. Smith, Esq. Arthur W T . Tooke. Esq., M.A. R. Zoueh S. Troughton. Esq. The Very Reverend tho Dean of Westminster Samuel W'ilaon, Esq,, Alderman Edan-d Wyndbam, Esq. Tecember 3te 1842. P URSUANT to a Decree of the Hi h Court ef Chancery, made In a cause the Marquess nf Hnrtford against Lord Lowth. r the ANNUITANTS and LEGATEES of the Mont . Noh'e FRANCIS CHARLES, late Marque@@ of HERTFORD, I deer ased who died on or about the 1st dav of March, 1842 , are forih I With to come in end MAKE OUT THEIR CLAIMS to such Annuities I and Lf'cacies before Andrew H-nry Lynch. Esq., one of the Mas-I furs of the suid Court, ut his chambers in Southampton-building . Chancery-lane, London, or ia default thereof they will be excluded the benefit of the paid Decree. CAPRON, W ELD, BRABANT, and CAPRON, Paville-place, New Burlington-strttt. Plain itt 's salicitors. P URSUANT to a Decrre of the High Court, of Chancery, made in a cause The Marquess of Hertford against Lord l.ewther. the CREDITORS of the Most Noble FRANCIS CHARLK6, Jatr. Merquess of HERTFORD, deceased who@died on rr about the 1st day of March, 1642 , are forthwith to come@ia and PROVE their DEBTS before Andrew Henry Lynch, Esq., one of the Marteis of the said Court, at his Chambers, in flouthampton-buildings. Chancery laii , London or. In default thereof, they will be excluded the benefit of the Raid Decree. CAPRON, WELD, BHABANT, and CAPRON, Saville-place, Now Burlington-strei't, Plaintiff s Solicitors. P URSUANT to a Decree of the Hisjh Court of Chancery, made in certain causes, pending in the said Court, entitled respw i l Hartsroll .wr Colvin, and • Hartwell GEO. GODWIN. F.R.8. F.S.A., LEWIS POCOCK, P.8.A. Honorary I Secretaries. l f ETR0P0L1TAN LIFE ASSURANCE SCf--iv.l. CIETY, No. 8, Princei-street, Bank. John Allcard, Esq. Richard Low Beck, Esq. Edmund C. Baiton, E q. •ir Wm. Clay, Bart., M.P. James Dawson, E q. Thomas Fowler, Esq. W illiam 8torrs Pry, Eeq. Robert Grant, V D1RICTWR8. BenJ. Hawes, Jun., Psq., M.P. John Laurence. Eeq. r William Josh. Lescher, Esq. Josvph Pros. Maubert, Estj. Joshua Scholvtield, Esq., M ,P. Henry Sturt, Esq. John Taylor, Esq. _ t Esq. George Vaughan, Esq. The Directors hereby give notice to Members whose Premiums fall ■Auv on the 5th of January nest, that ths same mutt be paid within 30 day@ from that date. The premium@ Hre payable yearly, half-yearly, or quarterly, on the Ath of January, 5th of April, 5th of July, and 5th of October, either of which several days constitutes the commencement of the year to Members. Persons, therefore, desirous ef entering the Society, as Members, on the @Mb of January next, should appear or lodge thfir pr u-osals at the Office on or before that day. no various are th@ plans now before the public for effecting As@ surance on Life, it may, at first s@Lht, seem difficult to make choice between them. As, however, all prudent offices make a considerably higher charge in thv unuual premium than experience has hitherto shown to be necessary, but ditt.r in the mode of dis@ posing of tho surplus, or profit, the following classification may be made @1. Proprietary Offices, where all the surplus from premiums and othtr profits ii divided, exclusively, amongst the Share or Stock bolder . 2. Offices where the same Is divided in various proportions between @@@@• @@d Stock holders and the Assured. ..... 3. Office of a strictly mutual character, where the whole of the@ i MjNitsbl distributed amongst tin Assured only. The Metropolitan, which is oi the last class, wts established in 1835, and although no paid agents for town or country have at any time been employed, nor any expensive system of advertising resorted@ ' u advantages have boon so w ll appreciated by the public, tniit the annual prvmiuins already exceed £41,900. ■■ In consequence of the prosperous stale of the 8ociety s affairs, the Annual Premiums of Members of Five Years' standing have been reduced Fsrty-two@and a Half per Cent. A plan of the Society, with tables ot rates, may be obtained on ap@ plication at the Office. _ . RICHARD HEATH FI ELD, Superintendent. P@nncc's-itrest, Rank, Dec. 14. 1842. Kelly, thuCRKD ______ ■ 8ARKIK-L Into of Calcutta, In tho Province of Bengal, In the Ea s t Indie , Enquire , theretofore carrying cm buslne i there in copart@ nership w.th Johannes Sarkios, as merchants and agents, entitled to particip@le in th.? trusts of an Indenture of Assignment, b. arin@ date the .'Kth day of March, 1817, and made by the Haid Darrapiet Sarki-s an i Mfctau 8arkles. lor the BENEFIT of their CREDITUR , are, on or before the 1st day of April 1813. to come in and PROVE their DEBTS before Wi liam Wingfield, Esq., one of the Masters of the said Court, at his chambers in Southampton-bulldings, Chancerv-@lane, Loudon or. in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded the benefit of the said Dieree. . OL1VBR80N DBNBY, and LAVIE, Plaintiffs' Solicitors, a. Fr derick's-place. Old Jewry. .. ii, -arCARBAPIBT SA tKlB and BECTAN il T TICE that SAMUEL o ? kNE THOUSAND ENVELOPES for Sixpence. i Black-bordered Envelopes for . Threepence. i isw Q'te n's-Bixe Nete Paper, each at . . Twopence. i.ouh Initial Wafers . , . , 2s7 Cd. i lucludlng the penny stamp, at per dqscn Is. Od. ' wlS nef £ of Nol , toi . . U. ed. , rers °f every description at wbolcsalo prices. Envelopes, nlfr. f ? r ' Wm Wwk bordered ditto, of the best quality 8tocken'@ pure Cumberiand lead drawing pencils. Best cony books,@@@@ 6d. per ,,d complete, for 8s. @d. Name-plate tle-Wm1 w b® -1 •ujwflne cards printed, for 5 .-fexent-etraet. Com.ax. th. RN ITU RE nd BEDDING,C hkiagbFbkb, tJv xed .' wgbidliM of distance, in any part ef the coun-Vra W _Aw ilc,fn treated with the same @iberality as hereto-U , I S™ one-tklrd the usual expence, und alt tke JMJJiMrouble, bv selcotiiMifrom our immense stock. By our book ol IJVk JJ ??' wh i c l contaiu the price of each item, shows tlie cost of nuy will find that ac niUJi'ia h ? ur 'i r ® on,e 1 hou#e wiftl and completely fur £25 a six-@ro ed diua tly for £79 a ten-roomea ditto luxuriantly for a2LuV,.Vi tlve ', r . eWlle d,lto •■P rbly for @l i a single room or who • w V rm Ud - We request noainrnd kt k 1 1 0,1 oountry fwrtdeats to the important fact an-•f ,he orumonctmnt of this advertisement. Shipper also ro ! ♦ f bt expenca of packing.-PAlNTER and CD , No. tn, Lelcerttr-equare, near Chartng-croas. T O LADIES. ROWLAND'S KALYDOR. ts u, i? er e Special Patrona e of her Moet Graeious Majesty, 1-.S 0J L 41 P auii, y' preparation from Oriental Exotics, is now •t'e 5 1 Vv n °, w ,n as the only safe und efficient proteetor and bean-u ,k,n • com lexioa. lie virtues are conmonly dis-RSJfctL' 0 l jbW 9ghly eradicating all pimples, spots, redness, ten, ! kl . unsightly cutaneous defects, in healing chilblain@@ Hsus, and in -■fly • re d-ring tlie most rough to tbe complexfor and uneven skin plea-it Imparts ujuv v nhe 5 nd 10 neck bund, und a@m a delicacy und teirnei -0e J, l, viDen will fiud it allay the irritation of the skin, r£.S£! lB A P ,ie p. r bottle, duty includ d. tor HOWLAND KALYDOR. and see that these ♦ fbe envelope, as much pernicious trash is now ffVren Tra .'9a. tH Kalyvior, - 'byPi rfuiaers of apparent resi ectebility. T?_f irotec J the Pubi c fr -m such fraud, the Honourable Com mis@ aioners of Stamps have authorised the Proprietor@ Signature to te-nn oJTu 0 . 1 Govern meat @Hump,@thuu - • A. ROWLAND -.id 'which is affixed to each bottle.-bold ty asm, and by chemtats nnd perfumers@@@@@, NEW DI8COVEKY, by which Ihe Tram nervuus bec £ nie the weak heart strong, an@ irJvVud °K, n of imaiitv nay t-thv rewitL t V?1P ' y n y Of nervous vigour being not ptllc .r tr J ' y lh Uke o th e tho.Hrin which does teffi3 b?thZ P , rl l c . k A ny fP 5S® has be -n ob-5Ste of uJ bh ' gi f T Above witl w °nderfu re.tcratlvc.-Sold by B. ••d.each wttJSnara R fr C w frl V H bosee at is. lMd n 2s. 9d and X'L'-Sroi wbvaring date the First day of October One Thousand Bight Hundred and Forty-two, BAR@ GAINED. BOLD, A8SIGNBD, TRANSFERRED, and SET OVER unto JainsH Dear, of Aldermanbury, London, warehouseman, and Robert Henry Taylor, of Birmingham, draper, all the ESTATE and EFFECTS therein mentioned of him the ' ' said Samuel Thomas the Moore, upon the truits therein mentioned, for th ? BENEFIT of all and every the CREDITOR and CRKDJTOR9 of the said Samuel Thomas Moore that the said Indenture was duly executed by tho said 9amutl Thomas Moore, and Jsniee Dear, and Roi ert Henry Taylor, on the said First day of October@ One Thousand Eight Hun@ dred and Fo@ny-two. That the said deed of assignment now lies at tho office of Messrs- Hardwick and Davidson, of No. 14, Cateaton-@street, in the City of London, solicitors, for execution by those cre@ ditors who have not yet executed the same.-Dated this 29th day of December. 1842. HARDWICK and DAVIDSON. 14, Cateaton-street, London, Solicitors to the Trustees of the said Thomas Moore.@@@@@@@@ GENERAL ATLAS.-A General @. @@@@. Colombler folio, full co'ourtd £ll @Us., half-teund. Gbnenai. Atlas of the World, containing 31 Ma s. Full coloured, £@ e .. half-bound. _ _ . .. Quarto Atlas of tbe World. Pull coloured. Containing 58 Macs, £2@12s. 6d., half-bound. . . Wyld'b School Atlas, with a copious Index. 12s@-Atlas Classic!, 12s. These Atlases contain all the recent dis@ coveries. . J wnm Wyld. Geographer to the Queen, Cha@nng-cross East.@@ R. HOME and the ROYAL COGNAC BRANDY AFFAIR@!-Mr. Home has to represent to tbe public that he has sustained grest injuries front Sir Felix Booth, who, beside# withholding the payroeats and rights due to him for the use of his discoveries at Albany-str et. Regent's Park-premistg t ken exnrcrsly to carry on Mr. Home's processes for making Brardy-has put forward a person he has railed from dependence, of the name of Grimble, to assume the merits of Mr. Home's pro@ ductions, aiding him by circulars in representing to the world teat he has made continuous improvements In this Brandy since its first introduction. Whereas the truth really is. that the Brandy now selling at Albany-street @D no other than un imitation of the article supplied by Mr. Home, heretofore, from these premises, favoured by the same ineredient , made up in the same proportions, and prepared precisely upon the ssme principles. And if any improvement has taken place in the article ia the hands of these persons, it has arisen solely in consequence of the letter@ addressed to Sir Felix Booth and W YLD'S At ,, of th. WnrlJ,rfOutatn oK M Hap.. M hu Mauaging Partner by Mr. Home at different limes since their seising po#se sion of theso works, upon the merits of Mr. Home's production, to • able theni to @@wme@t the faults they had fallen into in the preparation of that commodity. 4@ Y rk..tf 't t, filfrucester-gate, Dec. 12, 1842. S MOKY CHIMNEYS CURED @t ONCE, in accordance with the new Chimney Act,-The advertisers have dlM Overtd the cause of weak draughts, downward currents, c , and in x few hours can perfect the draughts of tbe mosV faulty chimneys. The cure is efiected by a simple and permanent process, at a stated moderate charge whvn p rfrot.-RefercHces in all ports cf London. The printed particulars, t@om , @@r remitted post free@-W. H. PHILLIPS - - -square. N and CO@h patentee!, 41, iloemiebury-D ETERM NATION ot BLOOD to the HEAD, APOPLEXY. Sec., effectually prevented by tbe occasional use of FRAMPrON'8 PILL of HEALTH, which, ty strengthening the action of the stomach, aud 1 rumoring a healthy a@a regular 4 gfftioh o@ the food, prevents a •scwrrenc@ of those svmptems@o@ thh lanniog d'sordar. giddu ee opp s jK-ion of the brain, singing noi e in @he ears, head-ache, tec. They tfrf an exceih-nt apvrient, wiibeut griping or prostration of strength, @@mate appetite, relieve languor, end iavigorate the spirits, while to the free liver ur sedentary th y offer advantages that will not fail .o be appreciated.-? • Id by Tb uta pr-Hit yvn Ntrtiad J.. unS a lni ' ,, eJi. . • 'i .j, fa t 6t. VVfdnPBilay TICKETS for the LAST PERPORHANCB of th, MESSIAH rpo CHEMISTS ami DRUGGISTS.-To he 1 SOLI the LEASE, Oandwlll, Stock, end Filturee of ut old-esiablirhud@CHEMISl'd JHOP, situate in one of the loading thorough@ fares near tlis city, and in the miidst of a highly resptcteble and po@ pulous neighbourhood. Tho shop from its excellent situation pre@ sents a most desirable opportunity for any young in an wishinur to cm-@bark in the business pos esiiou may be had immediately.-For per- CADETS and ASSIST A NT-STTRGFONS an. ticulars@apply to Mesirs. Hearon, Bright, and Co., 95. Bishopsgate- f ., U Meyrick, solicitor. 4, Furnival's-inn. T lHE CHINESE COLLECTION, Hyde-park-corner, consisting of objects exclusively Chinese, surpassing in extent and grandeur any similar display in the known world, en@ tirely tilling the spacious sal on, 225 feet in length, and embracing upwwrds of 50 figures as large as life, all fac similes, in their native costumes, from the highest mandarin to the blind mendicant also many thousand specimens, illustrating the appearance, manners, and customs of more than three hundred millions Chinese, is NOW OPEN, from 1@ till li .-Admittance, 2s. 6d. children under twelve. Is. T HE SMALLEST and MOST PERFECT HORSE NOW EXHIBITING at the COSMORAMA ROOMS, 209, Regent-street. This extraordinary little wonder of nature sur@ passes any animal of the kind ever yet seen, is Tory docile, and mea@ sure@ only 30 inches high. This beautiful miniature horse is to be SOLD by Private Contract on moderate terms.-For particulars ap@ ply at tlw othie of the Cosmorama. Admission, is, Children, half price. f ANUFACTURERS' RELIEF COMMIT-lTJL TEE.-The Committee appointed to manage the Subscriptions and Collections making for the JR M U manage the 8ub#criptioas Relief of the Distressed Manufac@ turers respectfully announce that they continue to receive and apply, according to their b st ability, the Contributions of the Benevolent. Individual Subscriptions already advertised to the amount of £24,540 5 4 Received slr.ee the last advertisement Mr. 9cruh £ioo o o Rd. 8trachey, juu.. Esq., per Gosling and Co. . • . 10 0 0 Per. Twining and Co. J. H 0 lo 0 Mrs. H. . . . loo Rev. J. B. Twining ... 300 Amount of Collections made under the sanction of the Queen's Letter 75,567 12 9 The Collections made at the Churches@ Chapels, and Parishes, wero paid, by the di@nctiOH of tho Queen's Letter, into the Bank of England, and have been duly acknowledged by the Cashiers as they were from time to time received from the resident or officiating Minister, The Manufacture rs' Relief Committee will, at the conclusion ef their labours, lay before the Public their Rer ort and Balance Sheet, Committee Room, 74, King William-street, City where, and by Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths, hawkers. Subscriptions are re@ ceived. W.@H@ HYETT, Sec. _De . 31,@1642. T HE PIRIE TESTIMONIAL.-The Committee have determined to CLOSE the SUBSCRIPTIONS for Ihe Testimonial to Sir John and Lady Plr e on Tuesday, the 10th day of January, after which a List o f the Subscribers will be published, and a General Meeting of them will br held to resolve upon the Testimo@ nial to be pre en'td. Subscriptions arr continued to be received by the Treasurers, William Cotton, George Grots, John Masterman, and Joseph Somes, Esqrs. also by the Members of tbe Committee and bv the Bankers, Mefsra. Masttrman end Co. Messrs. Sir Richard Carr Glyn at d Co@ end Messr . Prescott, Grote, and Ce. and by-Mr. Anderton@ 20, New Bridge-street and Mr. Edward Harrison, 82, Cornhill, to whofn all communications aro rvqoested to be addressed. JAMES ANDF.RTON. Hon. EDWARD HARRISON, Bees. EDICAL PRACTICE.-To bo DISPOSED OF, a rural MEDICAL PRACTICE, In a most delightful part of one of the Midland Counties. It is @stablished in a village contain@ ing upwards@of 1,000 persons, and extends over u well and respectably populated neighbourhood. Most satisfactory rea'ons will be given for the party's retiring. Price moderate.-Apply to Mr. G@ W. Hebb, solicitor, Lincolu.@@ MBIIELLA TRADE, c., to be SOLD.-The _ LEA8E, with a valuable business established on the pr@o mises about twenty-five years, of UMBRELLA MAKER, FISHING TACKLE, and ARCHERY, c., in one of the best situations at the west-end of London, to bo DISPOSED OF by Private Contract. There are ahout eight hundred regu'ar customers, amongst whom aro many of the first families in thu kingdom.-For terms apply to Mr. Joaeph Foot, of Spilai-square, silk manufacturer or Mr. 8tar-lli-g. 40, Loicaster-square. If by letter, prepaid. D ublin dock warehouses.-Lot No. 2.-The Lords Commissioners of her Majesty'@ Treasury having declared the letting of the DUBLIN DOCK WAREHOUSES whivh took place on the let December, 1812, to be void, the PRE@ MISES will be again offered lo be LET by AUCTION, in the Long Room of the Custom-house. Dublin, on Wednesday, January 25, at Two in the Afternoon, subject to the conditions and stipulations contained in the particu'ars issued on the former occasion, except as regards tl.e term of the Lease, which will eommenee on the 8ih February next, and end on the 29th September, 1862, determinable at the option of either party on the 29th September, 1848. or on the 29th September, 1855, on giving thu one to the other six months notice in writing.-Copies of the said particulars may be seen on application to the respective Collectors of the Customs at Dublin, Liverpool, Bristol, Hull, Newcastle. Plymouth, Belfast, Cork, Limerick, Waterford, Londonderry, Galway, Sligo. Leith, Glasgow, end Greenock, and at the Offices of the Solicitor for the Customs in Dublin and London. @'ANCY SPANIELS.-BARGAIN.-A Black a 01. 1 Tan. and a Black and White and Tan. rerr .mall, and had tlie dietemper aleo an Italian Ora,houi d. te be SOLD .heap.- ■ To '• M-II at 7, Arllngton-atreet, Myddolton-equar , Clerkanwell, near the Ansel. Isllatton. Wo dea@ura ic apply. F G OLD CLOCK, value 120 Gu@@@mw, to be DISPOSED OF b, SUBSCRIPTION. Two Guineas each.-To l.e Be. n at Mr. Shotter'i. the BalticTt,ern,@Herculfc pae age@,Thread-@needle-street. VVBATCHES by WEBSTER and SON, Chrono-TT meter Makers to the Lords of the Admiralty, established d t ■PPHIRB! JDlfUt , _ f wuS ciaX2lS? o , t IS- patent belt-band spring drawers, periority of workmanship which has distiRguiBhed their establish- jL for Hunting or Riding, on an improved principle, for support-persons. Instructions for measuring can be forwarded to the country. -55, Quadrant. lowest prices, consistent wlih maintaining that character for su@ periority of workmanship which has distinguished tluir establish@ ment during that period. Tho compensated duplex Watch, upon the principle of their Chronometers, to which Government awarded the prizes three successive years, combines perfect accuracy with ele@ gance, and is not surpassed by the pocket Chronometer. W. awd Bon have devoted groat attention to the patent lever Watch, and r-ousi'ierably reduced the price, together with the small Irorizontal for ladies. They can offer a large selection ef Second-hand Watches, at little above half the original cost. The utmost value allowed for old Watches in exchange. The most experiei ced workmen in the repairing department are employed on the premises for foreign and English manufacture.-Webster and Son, 3, Birchin-lane. Cornhill. Ut uvll, O, Hill E MASSEY'S NEW PATENT WATCH re-• peats correctly, and can be wound up without a key. The Queen's Letters Patent have been obtained for this useful asd very novel invention, which winds up by pendant, and is an excellent re-@peater, not bring liable to get out of repair. It will also give the time of any event w.thiu thirty hours after its occurrence. It has Mas-ty's patent lever escapement, which, as an article of commerce, is of national importance, and h@u been proved to b- 1 the best can-s true ted pectet watch that can possibly be made. In silver c@@ud, eight guineas gold, eighteen guineas.-4, Birchln-lane, and 89, 8trand. P LATE suited for PRESENTATION.-Cora-mitteec or private indiriduals requiring splendid or simple articles oi PLATE for presentation, may, by addressing a paid L tter, have drawings sent for their approval. A number of large articles, hr Epergn s, Cups, Waiters, Ice., are always in stock, second-band. A lint of them, with wrice, cau bo furpi hod.-T. COX SAVORY, silversmith. See 47, Cornhill seven doers from Gracechurch-street , London. D EANEAN PLATE. The DEANEAN PLATE ha@ nil the whiteness, and much more than the du@ rability ef silver. The snoons and forks manufactured of this beauti@ ful metal, arc of precisely the same shape and finish as the best Lon@ don r.-ade silver plate. 'I he tea and coffee sets, table and chamber candlesticks, waiters. Cake baskets, bottle stands, snuffers, and trays aro all of the newest fashion, and highest finish.-Deane's, opening to the Monument, 46. King William-street, London-bridge. P LATE.-A. B. SAVORY asd SONS, Manufac-@turing Silversmiths, 14, CornhilL@ London, oppasite the Bank ef Kng'and.-The best wrought SILVER SPOONS and FORKfts Fiddle Pattern, 7s. Sd. per ounce the King B Pattern. 7 . 4d. per ounce. TKe following are the weights recommended, but the arti@ cles may be had lighter or heavier, at the @wme price per ounce -FIDDLE PATTERN. KING'S B ISHOPSGATE PLATE GLASS WARE-HOUSE-Frem the scientific improvemente in the manufac@ ture of Plate Glass a con iderable reduction has been effected in its cost, and consequently THOMAS FOX is enabled to eff r his Chim@ ney, Pier, and Cans lo Glasses at very much lower prices than be@ fore. His stock comprises the simplest as well a@ the richest and most elaborate Gothic, Grecian, Elizabethan, and French styles of framing the quality is of the very best description, and he pledges himself to exchange any article should a reasonable objection arioe. Many second-hand glasses on hand at a gr at reduction from the new tariff prices.-Thomas Fox, 93, Bishopigate-strfel-wilhin. N EW YEAR'S GIFTS.-L die@ and Gentle-@men's Rosewood and Mahogany DRESSING CASES £1 1 0 Ladies'Dressing Cases with silver fittings • 770 Writinz Deak fur Youth In rcwwcod cr jafiesany • 0 II b Ladies' rosewood W'riting Desks with secret drawers , 11 Elegant full siza Work Boxes filled complete . .11 Smaller sized Work Boxes fitted complete • .0 10 Russian Leather Shaving Cases Ladles' Companions with silver firilngs 0 10 6 1 1 0 PATTERN, o 8 Gravy Spoons 12 7 4 . 4 8 0 1 Soup Ladle ..It 7 4.. 4 8 0 6 Sauer ditto ..12 7 10..4 14 6 4 SaitSpeona strong gUt i S 0 1 Fish Slice 8 6 0 If Tea Spoons ..14 7 10..6 9 8 1 Pair Sugar Tong 1 4 N.B. A price current, stamped as a newspaper, illustrated by drawings, and containing every information relatlvo to the purchase of silver or Sheffield plate, may be had on application, or will be rent Into the country, free of postage. In answer to a oaid letter. Y7ELVET CARDINAL CLOAKS, trimmed with v fur, are an elegant toilet and much In vogue. The liberal patronage Messrs. J. and J. HOLMES and LE BATARD have re@ ceived for this beautiful costume, induces them to hone they have produced there unique articles with that good taste ch has ob@ tained for their houRe a notoriety it is thtir constant endeavour to m rit and to those desirous ot a souvenir for this season of the year, they are particularly worthy of notice.-Foreign and British Shaw@ Emporium, 171,@173, and 175, Regent-street. T welfth cakes.-j. turner invites the Public to an inspirtion@of his superior TWELFTH CAKES, feeling confident the superior quality, large assortment, and l©w prices will give unusual satisfaction rich quality, handsomely@er-@naniented, 2s. to 2s. Cd@ por ib. fine quality@. Is. 64. per lb. su-@peri f r quality cakes for children, is. per lb. iced and ornamented, is. 3d. A distribution of Twelfth Cakes at 2 guineas, 1 guinea, and@@ gu nea e ach, to be drawn on Twelfth-day shares, 2s. @d. eaeh. -J. Turner, 67, BishopsgRte. within, and 4, Quceu's-row, Dalsten. -A show room of the prize cakes open to inspection. rpEAS in six pound bags at 3i.4d. an@R8s@Tl0d. per 1 pound, black or green and C flee at Is. and Is, 4d.-The East India Tex Company have fleeted a further reduction in prices of from 2d. to 6d.@4 r pound and in bearing down the market for ihe benefit of their numerous agents, friends, and connections, read the monopolisers of tea this useful lesson-that they had better have been contented with moderate gains.-No. 9, Great 8t. H@oka's, Bisheps-@g@Uc street. TAAVIES'S CANDLES, 6d. per Ib. Wax Can-JL dies. Is. 2d. fine Wax, Is. 3d. Cocoa Nut, lOd. extra fine Wax Wick Moulds, 7hid. transparent Wax, 2#. 2d. genuine Sperm, a , id. genuine Wax, 8s. 3d. Yellow Soap, @€ ., 54s@@ and 60s. per 1121 h . Mottled, 62e. and 8 e, Windsor, Is. 4d. per packet Palm, is. 4d. Old Brown Windsor, is. 9d. Roee, 2s. Camphor, 2s. Almond. 2a. 6d. superfine Sealing Wax, 4s. 6d. per lb. genuine 8 xni Oil, 7a. 6d. per gallon Solar Oil, 4s. For cash, at DAVIES'S oid-o taldlshed warehouse, 63, fit. Martin' -lane, opposite New Slaughter's OnfW hens riVHE RESPIRATOR.-A GENIAL CLIMATE A in ENGLAND,- HENRY WILSON raquetta Aithmatlc. Con-Hisi tiT . and all perron@ d llcate In tha ch.it, to examine the nu-meroua testimonial@ In hi@ poiae@uion of person@ able to anj@a health, and follow @heir arocatlona or pliaaore@ In En.land, under the uae ol tlie Respirator, who would otherwise be compelled to lease the country, or to hasten their decay by constant confinement within doors. Hundreds here become eo well under Its iimaiUbt ab'e to lay it a lde even In the winter, nnd @H Is each e.ldence which causes the use of it to make pro@@ems against n praralling and lutere.ted opposition in quarters where It would be@little luspecied.-Respirator Depot, @U8. Regen@petreet, Louden. @@,ST TEETH.-Mr. WITT, Surgeon-Dentiat, . H! ! Hnlhorn nrat Chancery-lane , mippllea the BEST ARTIPtvML TEETH of every description they are fixed without spring., wire , or ligature , and without txtrectina root@ or coniine the least earn, nnd restore articulation and m@uticatton. This newly, invented teeth never change eolour or decay, and will he found very superior to any ever before used they so perfectly resemble nature as not to be dtatinguiehable by the clorat observer, and will eupport and preserve teeth that are looee. Teeth, whleh frem accidcn@ior d@nease of the gums, have fallen out, are fixed and again ren lered u efnl. Decujed teeih llkew@lM made serviceable to mastication.-Mr. W@Ul haa reduced hla charges to tbe loweet scslc. and are aa mo@ derate as can possibly be. consistent with the best workmanship, mi d 8li n -E tsMish t d r i t - ' i5 ' H ' h no'tora.-At home from Ten OR STOPPING DECAYED TEETH. Price 4s. ed.-Patronissd by her Majesty, his Royal Hlghaeie hccomeaaa bard as tha enamal, and will remain firm in the tooth fer life, rendering extraction un@ necessary. lt@arrasta all further progress of decay, and renders them again useful in mastication. A@U persons can use Mr. Thomas'@ 8uc-@cedaneum thsmselve. with ease, without the aid of a dentist as full directionsi are@aneloaed.-Prepared1 and eol.1 by Mr. Thomas, surgeon-@dentist, @8, Bernara-straet, rxfurd-street i sold, by his appointment, by all respectable medicine venders. ■an-,™. C TAUTION to LADIES.-Much pernicious trash J Is now offered for sale as KALYDOR frrquer.tly under @me implied eanction of Royalty by perfumer@ of apparent leeneeta@ buity. wbo cmir @he bill. nnd'kKlT.f S?Tii, i . Lxva nmi 10 • Ul ' • rd • ROW-gioee mp-i Uona! R prlnUKl ° n wrapper. AU other are Tj protect the puMlc from fraud, the Ranonnkl Comminlonen of Stamp hare authorised the proprietors' atgnatura to be eng@@nnn on the g eeminent eUmp. thue- 11 n. a . A- ROWLAND @Jt SON. so, HATTON GARDEN. InffinduSy ° b0ato ' PriM • . 6d. per bottle, Aik Jot ROWLANDS' KALYDOR.' Nld by them, nnd by chtmnta and perfumere, ' ' P AN IH YMIAN LEAVES.-VINE It'S trite ran t VERBENA LEAVES for imparting to the ataoaephare of apartment, the delicious perfume of that fevouriie es ilc the Ver@ bena Plant, and lor correcting tha Imparity nccaiio@md by respire tlon. tniinnl rfflurin, and noiloua vapours from candle@ and other burning eubetenove, thereby converting a noalau .ffl.ivia into a ea-InUry ecenL Willi directum for use. price Is. uer Backet@ at Messrs. Sanger' . JJ . Oiford-ilreet t StncSen. Quanranti Prout. Tt mple-laar Joutii-t . Cornhill and at the principal house@ -Wholesale at Viner s A , arur9jwu44 R eeHte trtet-rircnfi. Pirca li y rew. w. - ®Fwnfc-Rirkei-rircU8, nocS'lli y. riTHE PREMIER COMPOSITION o@itf, d vi J WILLIAMS S PATENT FRENCH POLISH REVIVER.-It will be found a greal aavlug of tlm. lai cur. al d erper.se, hr merely rubbing a few drers eecariorally on the fnrn.ture-like oil@ It does not eniy@prvranre the polish, but adde to lie splendour, and causes no divanrveabie tmrll, whjpb 1, the c@ue with all other ccropoalttonr, 11 is tired in ihe royal p@sMces, and I@ appr.c lawd by thoa-ands@ One trial will hr a u fcieut guarantee l.r It. ntillty.-gold In bottler, @n.@od. Wholeeale. by Hannay and c@@@ cs. Oiford-rtrert Barclay nnd Per r. Harnngden-street Hatty aud Co.. FarammiL Plmbarv l.anul. by all cktn.Lia. oil nnd Itnlinn w.rehcuraBi.n. PmV'Sfe eaaJw.'r-sireat. Etirb t, crasceat, I ondna T cl D they are also selling from 2 . ll J. to 3s. 6d. also koo4 watered mo--eeiis a@ low as lO'id. and ohintz furnituresg werta Is. Md. Their stock of Brussels carpets consists of a spit jf good quality, commencing as low as 2s. 6d. per yard, those of new and elegant designs from 3s. to 3s. lid., and those of very mag and chintz furnitures, worth is. per yard, at isscls carpets consists of a splendid variety ncing as low as 2s. fld. per yard, those of jgns from 3s. to 3s. lld@@ and those of very mag@ nificent patterns and qualities, such as are usually charged 5s. 6d., from 4s. 2d. to 4s. 6d. T. P. and Co. also invite attention to their @Urge assortment of gilt window corn@@@@! brass rods, deep ornamental drapery fringe , gimps, laces, and every other description of modern elegance suited for either drawing or dining room curtains.-Thomas Paul and Co., cabinet-makers, upholut@@erm, and carpet-manufac@ turers. opposite tbe Mansion House, City @f London, C 1LOAK8 and CARDINALS. @Gardin l cloakij J 17 . 6d. rich satin cardinals, 48s. Genoa silk velvet cardjoals, 52s. 6d. and 63s. each promenade cloaks, 17s. 6d. to 25s. each, worth 30 a to 40s. each Genoa silk velvet car@nage cloaks lined throughout and trimmed with fur, '6 guineas each, worth eight guineas each rich @Mlk and satinette carriage cloaks lined throughout and trimmed with fur, twe guineas each a choice of upwards of a thousand new cl 2 a k , w C J? rd . , , ia 8 1Q r 'tks, velvet shawls, and scarfs. SABLE FURS.-Fur Cloaks, richest sable tail boas at half price cape@ and muffs Russian sable boas, 80s. flat sable W 4 ' SU. i cardinal capes, two guineas Canada sables Vic@ torina and ridiwg boas, 5s. to 10s. 6d. Russian fox, 7s. to 15s. Russian ermfne, 5s. to 21s. long Canada sable boas, 2s. 6d. to 15s. Missouri@sable, 18 . 6d. to 17s. fid. each carriage muffs, rugs, fur aloYes, cuffli carriage cloaks of silk velvet, lined and trii J Fur, 3S guineas.-Q. Merington's. 154, New Bwd-stmt. rimmed with CAUNDERS'S INDIA @ALE rLE.-CHAM-CLAYTON, Wine Merchants, 19 and 27, King-@street, Cheapside, have the pleasure of informing their friend@ and the public, that they have undertaken the agency for the above ad@ mired and increasingly popular beverago and are now enabled to offer it in cask an.l battle, in fine and sparkling condition. Being entirely freo frem acidity, and possessing a pure and unadulterated bitter, it is professionally recommended as a salutary and agreeable tonic. Country favours are requested to contain a reference in London. S aunders and co s east india pale and GOLDEN ALES.-WILLIAM GOW and CO., the ap-B ainted agents for bottling these celebrated ALBS, now beg to offer @lem ripe in bottle quarts and pints , as well as In casks of various sizes, in high condition. The fermentation of these liquors being conducted upon a principle which render@ them entirely free from acidity, has br -light them under the notice of several of the most eminent physicians In London, to whom W, Gow and Co. have the honour of referring. Invalids generally will find these ales an agree-@abie and Invigorating beverage.-2@, Hungerford Wharf, Strand. R OYAL COGNAC BRANDY.-Mr. GRIM-@BLE, who has been the managing partner in this concern, begs to acquaint tbe Public that, In consequence of the great im@ provements he has, by his unwearied exertions, been enabled to make in the quality of the article, it will in future be known in commerce as GRJMBLB'S ROYAL COGNAC BRANDY, @The strong recommendation it has received from medical professors and surgical operators, and Its use in many of the metropolitan hospitals, are a guarantee to the unblic far its purity and wholesome qualities whilst the patronage bestowed upon it by noblemen and nen@lkmen of high standing in society, and good taste nnd Judgment, aaded to its extensive consumption in the mercantile world, are a sufficient evidence of its agreeable flavour and general excellence indeed, Mr. Grimble is borne out by the full concurrence of his cus@ tomers in stating that the article has continually improved from its first introduction. As a pure Brandy, and as conducive to health, it challenges competition with the most expensive productions of the Continent, and it requires an experienced judge to distinguish it in flavour from the veritable Cognac. The price Is, a@ heretofore, I8s. per gallon, in quantities of not less than two gallons, or 3fi . per dexeh being two full imperial gallons , with the usual charge for bottles,-Distillery, Albany-street, Regent's Park@@, M. YOUNG FELL and CO. feel much flat-@tered that their names, in connection with their brandy diitillery in the Waterloo-read, Lambeth, were so brilliantly dis@ played in Punch's Pantomime, at Covent-garden Theatre. There 5 ay arousing, spirited, pantomimic performance without Punch, but not good punch without W. Y. Foil and Co.'s superior BRANDY, of which two gallons can be pnrthased fer 3te. and Gin@ ger Brandy at 30 ,@at2fl, Friday street, and at the distillery. X ND1A PALE ALE.- HARPKH and Co., wine-@merchant , the appointed agents to Bass and Co., Burton uoon-@Trant, b.g to inform their friend@ that tiieir Stock of BASS'S INDIA ALL @l now in goad condition, and can be supplied @l any quantity. In cask@ as weli a@ quart an! pint bottle . Also Burton Ala, Stout, and te rtgr.in rq fc or bottle.-t, Oowpar's-coort, Corwh@tH. A LE ot very superior quality, brewed entirely from the very best malt and hops, anfi in @uch proportions as persons of nice palates will oe sure to appreciate, 2old Jn etiki of - pali nine gallon@ each, at Is. per gallon. 8ent to any part of towu car@ riage free. O@ners by post punctually attended to.-Address to the John Bull Brpw ry office. Nq. ao, Philpot-lane, City. jJ ASS'S PALE ALE, a@ prepared for India.-A-F FIELD, WaRDBLL, and @@00 after devoting great attention to bottiir.tt thi@ much admired A LB, can now offer it to thei@@@r@@@@@ and the public, in the greatest state of perfection. Scotch and Bur-@tor Alee, London and Outness's Dublin Btouf ther with thflir Foreign Wines and Snirita ef and Burton Ale, Stout, and P@dHer@ln oasks@o1 If ga@Uone.-22. Hen-r frieDd-i , t. Older and Perry, teee-ef a superior darn. Pale , LADY HESTER STANHOPE. ETCHINGS MORALIZED, AND THE DEFAULTER. BY THE EDITOR, THOMAS HOOD. ESQ. dge, E nlargement ®f the true tablet.-On Saturday next, the@Vth of January being the fir t Saturday @@@the year thi@ paper tha m t Cethpkfe Journal in Great Britain @I@I RESUME ITS ORIGINA1 NAME@of THB TABLBT, and A Farewell to December, ifry The Widow ' Aim Houses. By the Barry Cornwall. Author ef Peter Priggius. Th ' Recantatien. a Poem. By I All Sorts of Little Attentions. Horace Smith, Eaq. I By Laman Blanchard, Esq. MY GRANDPATHER'8 DREAM. A Tale founded on tact. BY JAMES 8H8RIDAN KNOWLES, ESQ. l w Extracts from My Indian Diary. I Grenada, a Poem. By the Medi-i By tbe Old Forest Ranger. cal Student. Obituary-Remarks on the late I A yery Se-so Character. Mr. 1842, deceased- I The Barnabys in America. By The Adyertiseraeut Literature of I Mrs. Trollope. Illustrated by the Age. Leech. BLXtISTONIANAr Or, Original Anecdotes of the late R. W. Blliston, Esq. By W. T. Mocoriefi', Esq. No. I. Conjuror and No Conjuror-8. The Genius Of the Lamp-3@ Measure for Measure-4. Tbe Sanguinary Public-5. The xty four columns, , r _ _ flro-4 to becyme Nwbrcrilwrs - to •SSVfStXi not able, cenvcnitiitly, to procure it through a local newsvender, may be supplied direct from the office. 0, Catherine-street, Strand, by sending a Post-office erder, with the subscriber's name and ad@ dress. Terms of '•ubscri. tion payable in advance yearly, £1 6 . half-yearly, 13s. quarterly, fi . fid. Publishing office, fi, Catherine-@street, Strand, London, where advertisements are received, aud whither all communications must he addressed pre-paid .-Orders re@ ceived by all nevruen and booksellers. fallen Hpco-6. Humbug Tho New Year being - ' feriodioad, thorn wf Magazine are wql _ reapective fook nelters. Henry Colbiyu, pubtixbar. 13, Great Marlborough-sirect. w a favourable opportunity for commencing a those who way d i ir@ to take in Th@ Nkw Monthly luested to give their orders without delay to their po New ready. No. 1, price ., of THE REIGN and COLONIAL QUARTERLY REVIRW.-Contbnts -C , pointed to India, may. on application to Mensrs. GRINDLAY, CHRISTIAN, and MATTHEWS, obtain ESTIMATES showing at one view the total expense ol Equi. ment and Passage, both by sea and overland. Plans and particulars vf all shipe under despatch may also be had at either of their offices, 16, Cornhill, or 8. St. Martin's-@place, Charing-cross. B Y hrr MAJESTY'S ROYAL LETTERS PA@ TENT for tbe MORPHOTYPE or MOULD of FORM tor MEASURING the HUMAN FIOURE.-JOHN LESLIE, by i ecial 'Appointment, TAILOR to her MAJESTY and the ROYAL FAMILY, 60, Conduit-street, London. JOHN LESLIE has the honour to announce to the Nobility, Gentry, and the Public that he has received her Majesty's Royal Letters Patent for England. Scotland, and Irelund, for Machinery, which, without any personal inconvenience, in a few seconds takes and retains the eiact model of every variety of the human figure. These Machine , after ruHch labour anfi expense, ho has now brought to great per@ fection-thus eunereeding the old and uncertain methods of mea@ suring for clothing. The practical experience of this Machinery has unfolded such im@ mense advantages in precision and economy, that it has required much deliberation as to the plan to ba adopt d to give full effect to it and the result it, that it will bj imposnible to work these Patents most advantageously to the public and himFelf under @he combined system of credit aud ready-money trans@itions. It is, therefore, most respectfully announced, that his future busi@ ness will be conducted entirely apen Immediate cash payments, with@ out any discounts, abatements, cr deduction@ whatever. For the immense outlay of money in the perfection of these Patents he Reeks a remuneration-not In monopoly charges, which patent rights may give but from the facilities they afford him, and from au improved mode of transacting business on the soundest com@ mercial principles The reputation of the house of business, for nearly half a century, it is hoped will be a sufticunt guarantee to those who may honour him with thfir commands, that they will obtain the very chuicest goods in Woollens, Silks. Velvits, Embroideries, See, See., in the ma@ nufacture of personal and household clothing, as well as in every de@ scription of Court costume, Military, Naval, and Diplomatic@ Uni@ forms, executed in such a manner as the Patentee trusts will give the highest satisfaction, and receive the approbation of the public. London, 60. Conduit-street, January, 1843. @1. Schiller, Life and Lyrical Com@ positions. 2. Hymns and iAtys of Ancient Germany. 3. Validity of Popular Judgment. 4. Life and Time@ of Savonarola. 5. French Academy of Sciences. 6. Modern Turkish Travellers. 7. Chinese Characteristic . 8. Tariff-Commercial Policy, Home and Abroad. 9. Spain as it is. 10. Treaty with China. It. Origin of the Red Indians. 12. Poets and Poetry of America. 13. Life of Jean Paul Richter. Critical Sketches. Reviews, Correspondence and latest Intelligence, Foreign aud Colonial,@Books recently published on the Continrnt, foe. London Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria-lane and may be had by order, of all booksellers. T ~ HE FOHEIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. LX-, price 6s. CONTBNTA■ 1. Hoffmeiafer on Schiller 2. Gutzkow's Letters from Paris 8. Socrates and the Sophists of Athens 4. Balzac's @@Provincial Bachelor' 6. The Countess Hahn Hahn's Travels 7. George Sand's@@ Consuelo' 8. The King of Saxony's Travels in Montenegro 9. Alfred de Musset's 4 White Thrush@ 10. Klopstock 11. The Newspaper Press of France @@@@rature-Poland. Short Reviews of New @orks. Foreign Correspondence, Intelligence, foe. 6. Franeeso Forti's Civil Institutes Chronological Tables of LiTeratui Works. Foreign Correspondence, intelligence, e. Chapman and Hall, 186, Strain and Longman, Brown, and Co., Paternoster-row. T MUSICAL NOTICE.-Now ready,@@ HE PIANISTA for January, No. 25.-Con-@tents The Christmas Quadrilles, containing Jack Frost, the Ieicle, Snow-drop, Holly, and Mistletoe-bough. Also, the Twelfth nipht Waltzed, with Characters, Punch's Galop, and Judy's graceful Mazurkas. Barnett's New 8ong for Winter, Twelve Scotch Reels and Strathspeys@ and the Merry Bells Ringing the Chinese Victory. The whole for 2s. Post tree, as. fid., by adarelsing the Editor, 23, Pater@ noster-row. Notice.-The Proprietor of the 4 ' Pianista prevents gratis to pur@ chasers of Nos. 24 and 25, all the Music in 44 King Arthur. No. 25 begins a new volume, and presents a good opportunity for new subscriber . Sherwoods Qange, 19, Poultry and Tern pieman, 248, Regent-street. T HE GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE for Ja@ nuary 1843, the First Number of a New Volume, contains the first of a scries of articles on the Foundation of Religious Houses in B elt iband drawers.-sandland and CRANE'S 55. Quadrant new and improved principle, recommended and persohally aied by the most eminent physicians and army surgeons, admirably adapted for strengthening the loins England-Remarks on Church Architecture, what it Is, aud what it ou ht to be-Errors in Lerd Brougham's 44 Political Philosophy @The History of Ferdinando Paleolegus of Barbado@s, the last of the -CHEWS upon tte ST ffcS of.fo.g r ... .o- a-ith Tiiiiftrations by Leech, T ixQpqon - - - - .r~ w TiidTririsrsafc. -iu u ot1 ' Thi 8so jd of nq . he ingoldsby LEGENDS, or, Mlrtb and Marrel . B, THOMA8 jweOLPgBf. rpHE HAND'BobToi 0 SIL'C COTl'ON, md 1 Dr.W W c88 nTw readr. ta 3 voir, poat wo., ith nuM.rou. ctiaract.ri.lic • -'ration T H E llliilrtUen. b, ch, prlc ! •■ _ . WASSAIL BOWL. Bt ALH8HT SMITH, B q. Richard Rentier, New Burl nqtoo-atreet. To be had at all the Librartea. ' io ' h B ALOCHISTAN, AFGHANISTAN, and the x,f4 NJABl VgiSAflftSBS lf.fir An admirabla narratl.e.''-Standard. _ hl . h wi ii no t fall to •• A moat Invaluable work on AfghanUUmwhicn w 1 be read with peculiar interest at thle moment, -Marnln uareia. Richard Bantley, New Byr@toeton-etreat, Publisher In .rdlna@n to h,r M eetrN_ ~~ MR. WORLEY'S NEW TRAGEDY. Now ready. In 8 o., , B O R G I A By HENRY T.'WORLEY, R q. YIdetl. in Phffl-lra etlam @wel.re at arnsnUA JJ ease pAniiu. eitinctan. indol.m pudor@t at honeeuti . -oioriui ae Groria, P'g 0 j en i and otley, publl.bera. CraidulLatraet. new'worITby mrTcharles hickenb. Price One Shilling,@@@@ @Mrat Number of T HE LIFE and ADVENTURES of MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT his RRI.ATIVK8, PJU NDS, aid KNBIIIE8-Comprising all his Wills and hte Ways with@au H@@@ ricai Reoord of What H?3MLMdWh l'He W J iJWJ ft WHO INH. WHO CAMB AND WHO iat BRIT OTO ITBD TH POR T PAM'LY PLATE, IIL V ER r K N8, 1HYU Trnu rOR THE ,,'pwit ' The whele forming a complete Key to_. Tne Heusu of CU iz ewif. DJU..A t.H flTIlW TiliialaotiAna k Edited by Bo@x With Illustrations by Phh. _ London @hapman and Hall, 18fi, 8ri .na. SALES BY AUCTION. Dorer-itreet, Pi cadilly. L AHEE and SON respectfully announce that the LEASE and FURNITURE of No. 10, Do.ar atreet, ui adm-■lt ed for ra'a on the 10th ol January, are SOLD by Prirato Contract. -Au@dio. Office, it, New Bond-ltreet, December 01. UttL WinkttflV .rTd Warfield, Berk .-Very ellttlbje Preaheld Inyratmant . cnatstlne of .ariou@ enclo.uraa of @up rior Meadow and Arable Land, end other@B t t@ , with po Mton. .,, M essrs. Daniel smith and son will SUBMIT to SALE by AUCTION,.t .he Castle Inn. Wind-@sor, on Saturday, January 14, at One, under the @@@@@®f@the late George Proctor, Esq., tiie T O very valuable FREEHOLD FARMS, nearly surrounding Winkfleld Church, between W@mdsor, Maidenhaad, and Brackneil, known as Brown's and Goodwin s Farms, which will be subdivided into numerous lots also a very extenkive allotment of heath land, lying between King s Beech and Bagshot Park, partly adjoining the Royal preserves. The whole Property comprising about 400 acres, and offering most eligible occupations and safe investments for capital of various amounts, particularly to adjoining landowners, with many desirable spots for building.-Particulars may be had at the neighbouring inns of Edward Futvoye, Es ., solicitor, Bedford-row and of Messrs. Daniel S@i@@ aud Sen, land agents,@In Windsor, and Waterloo-place@ Pall-mall, Leasehold Ground-rents and Improved Rente, In Bentinck-street, Cavendish-square, and Hereford-sireet, Park-lane. TV TESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will lYl SELL by AUCTION, at tha Auction Mirt, on Wednesday. Jan. 18, at Twelve, by erder o' the executrix of a lady dccf-asrd, sundry GROUND RENTS, arising eut@of house@ and premises in Bentiack-@street, Cavendish-iquare. and Marylebene-lane, under the Duke of Portland also certain Snares iB the Improved Rents of two hand@ some Houses in Hereford-street, Hyde-park.-Full particulars may be had at the Auction Mart at the Coackmaker ' Arms one of the houses of Messrs. Malton and Trollope,'solicitors Carey-atreet, Lincoln' -inn and at Messrs. Smith's offices, in Waterloo-plaee. Pall-mall. and giving uniform support to the abdomen, preventing rupture, and checking increase of corpulency to those inclined to that habit, but alike comfortable and beneficial to thin as well as stout Greek Imperial Family-Effigy in St. Mary's Church, Nottingham, with a Plate-Coffin of Sutton, the Founder of the Charter-taise-Recent Diseoveries in Subterranean London-Review of Hewitt's Germany-Poems by the late Marquess Wellesley, foe With Li@ terary and Scientific Intelligence-Reports of Antiquarian and Ar@ chitectural Societies-Historical Chronicle-Obituary, with Memoirs of Sir M. O'Loghlen. Sir Jeha Cross, General Sir@G.T. Walter, Rev. Dr. Heath, Lady Callcott, Mr. William Hone, Mr, John VarleyJ foe. Price 2s. fid. W. Pickering, Piccadilly. j . for Hunting or Riding, on an improved principle, for support ing the loins and abdomen, in riding or ether exercise, preventing rupture, checking increase of corpulency, and giving remarkable comfort in general wear, both to thin as well a@ stout persons. Made by the inventor, 8 K. 8ALAMAN, tailor and breoches-maker, 19, Charing-cros , two doors from Craig's-court. Riding trousers cut upon an improved plan, which renders them extremely pleasant with or without braces. The new light waterproof cape add coat, adapted to all climates, seasons, and constitutions. T HE CATHOLIC MAGAZINE for January, New Series.-No. I. contains Opening Address to the Reader -Life of St. ElizabeUi of Hungary, by Ambrose Lisle Phillipps, Esq, -The Nave of the Church, Chapter I.-The Third of May, a Legend of the East and of the West, in two parte-Ane Oratioune made be Master Quintin Kennedy, Commendafor of Crorsraguel-Letter front the Prince Bishop of Trent on the Saintly Maria Doraenica Lazari, of Capriani-Homilies of St. Bedo the Venerable and St. Leo Pepe, fer . - - -• J v-Reviews of the 8o-..ary-Sacred Pcenitentiary, Ac. i ti . _ A London C. Dolman, New Bond-street, and T. Jones. Pateraoeter-row. J@mt puolished, price 2 ., Part 1., 112pp. 8 o. of the @IHYMlCAL GAZETTE er, Journal of Prac-V-V tical Chymistry, conducted by WILLIAM FRANCIS and HENRY CROPT. late Students in the Universities of Berlin and Giessen, containing upwards@of one hundred articles of consierablo practical importance to the manufacturer, chemist, tud druggist. Also, No. 5, published on the@Sist December, price@6d. itamped edition 7d. , containing, among other articles of interest, the following @On the Manufacture of Oxalic Acid, with teste for impurities-On Syrup and Pills of the Iodide of Iron-Action Water on Haloid Salts-Urine in Morbus Brightii-Use of Sulphurous Acid in Analysis, foe. foe. R. and J. E. Taylor, Red Lion-court, Fleet-street aud all book@ sellers. B A great variety of elegancies in Pspier Ma h . The first and tw -cona floors are fitted up as Show@rooms. BBLLAMY SAVORY, St tiener and Dressing-case-maker.-British Paper Warehouse, 46, Cornhill, London. @KKEbblNG-CASEb, WOltK-liuAEb, TEA-XJ CABD1B9, foc.-STOCKKN, 52, Qoadraut.-Portable dressing cases in ru iia or morocct, @wntaiulng razor strop,@comb, and shaving brush, for 10 . 6d. rosewood or mahogany dressing cases, from Ute.fid. to 17U guineas ladies' dressing ca-vo with silver fitting , from •even guinea@ writing and@dre@Ming caees repaired and refitted work boxes, mahogany and rosewood writing desks ot every description travelling writing cases, from Its. fid. best Lend ah razors, penknives and sciitforu, despatch boxes, letter and key boxes, uiow r mxchi blotting books aBd xuvelope cases, and card boxe .-8TOCKBN, No@ 53, Quadrant, Regent-street, next door to Swan @nd Edgar s.-Ob@ serve the name. LUNT'S ClVILENGINEERING aud PltAC-TICAL MACHINIST.-Now ready, TWO NEW PARTS, price 14s. each, containing folio plates and quarto letter press de-@soriptions ef the Thames Tunnel and Shield by Sir Izambard M rk Brunei-Land and Mffnne Steam Engines-Cranes@and Dredging Ma@ chinery by the Messrs. Rennie. c. For the Use of Students and Professors in Civil Engineering. ■ _ . Ackerman and Co., Strand Weale, High Holborn Kirton, No. I, Great P rtland-street. Oxford-street and all booksellers. Th g day is published, price los.fid., P ROFESSIONAL EXCURSIONS. By no AUCTIONEER. L,n ci Alfred Orranlinfi, i, Old Broail-urcet. Roy.l E ch.p . O PERSONS ABOUT TO MARRY.-FUR-. NITURE and BEDDING, CARRIAGE FREE, .nd died, re-gardless@af distance, in any part of the coun@@try. Town residents treated with the tame liberality as hereto@@fore. You will save@ at least@ one-third the usual expense, and all the usual trouble, by selecting from our immense stock. By our book of estimate , which contains the price of each item, shows the cest of each r om, and may be had gratis, postage free, you will find that we furnieh a four-roomed house well aBd completely for £25 a six-roomed ditto elegantly for £79 a ten-roomed ditto luxuriously for £178 and a twelve-roomed ditto superbly for £335 a single room or a single article equally mo@ derate the whole warranted. We request the special attention of country residents to the important fact announced at the commence@ ment of this advertisement. Shippers also, at this faotory, save the usually great expense of packing.-PAINTER and CO., 28, Leicester-@square, near Charing-cross. EST BRUSSELS CARPETS at 83. 6d, per J yard.-A rare opportunity just now offers to purchasers of @@RPETS. Selection frem a stock of several hundred pieces of the newest style, chiefly Comber patterns and three-thread grounds, in fact, the heaviest goods made expres lv for an established trade, and have never been sold under 5s. per yard, being the stock of Mr. W. Hopper, of Great Qaeen-rtreet, Lincoln's inn, purchased of hi@ as@ signees by HARVEY and Co., and now on sale at their General Fur@ nishing Warehouses, Lambeth House, Nos. 41, 42 . 43, 44, We tmin-@ater-bridge-road, near the Marsh-gate.-N.B. Be particular in cb@wrv-@ing the name, Harvey and Co., Lambeth House.@@ RAWING and DINING ROOM CURTAINS @nd Carp@.U.-THOMAS PAUL .nd CO. lnrite the attention of the Nobility and Gentry to this very Important branch of their establishment, which offers advantages dot to be met with at any other house in London. They are new selling rich royal damasks, iu beautiful variety, at is. fid. per yard, and those of two colours, evi@ dencing a most silk-like appearance, some as low as Is. 4d. per yard the richest silk a d satin striped tabbarets@, worth 4s fid. per vard, they are also selling from 2 . lid. to a , ad. ' J -reeiis as low as 10 d, 6 d. Their stock of Brussels carpets consists of a spleni This day is published, price 5 .. T HE SECOND PART of a TREATISE on the GAME of CHESS. ao.UInlnK the Klnfc . Knilht't Oom . By W. LEWIS. A. H. Btilr and Co , 83. Cornhill. 13. Great Marlborounh-itr.et. M RS. TROLLOPE'S STORY of the NEW POOR-LAW, entitled JESSIE PHILLIPS.-Part I i@ now ready, price one shilling@ Illustrated by Leech, and embellished with a fine portrait of the Authoress. To be completed in twelve monthly shilling ptrt .-Orde@i rehelvtd by al! bookrall.r@ anJ newsvendor . . . Honry Colburn, tmhllrtur. 13, Groat Marlborough@-t@@ t. THE TWO POPULAR NOVELS OF THE SEASON. riHIE POPE and the ACTOR. By the Author X of Seymour nf gudl.y, Th@lnt for Gold, lee. •• Every page teem@ wiih beautifully eipreraed Incident -Ar@@am Con@tracted with the .kill of@t Fielding, and framed with all th. nower of a Mira Porier. -Bell'@ Meraengt-r. ' It it n production of no ordinary merit. '-Morning Herald, t he plot 1. admirably eon tructed-lh@ composition of Ihe •ab@ ject complete. -Court Journal. The beet historical novel ol the year. -Athenscura. Miaa Ellen Pickering'@ New Noral, Sir Miciubl Pal let. By the Author of The Fright, Cha-@radea far Aet Mort , aef ., trMli cavendlth-aouara. REV. H ENRY BLUNT'S WORKS FOR FAMILY READING. A N EXPOSITION of the PENTATEUCH. Part II., Exodus and Leviticus, 6 . in clath. Second Edition, Part I., Genesis, is now r ady, 6s. in cloth. . Sermons preached at Trinity Church, Upper Chelsea. Fifth edi@ tion. l2rno. 6s, cloth.-Lectures on the History @t Elisha. Price 5s. fid. in cl th. Fourth edltion.-On Jaceb. Fifteenth edition. 4s. Cd.-On St. Peier. Sixteenth edition. 4 . fid.-On Abraham, Tenth editian. 5s. cd.-On 8t. Paul. Ninth edition. Two vo@x. 6 . fid. esch.-On Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Three vote. 5s. fid. each. Eighth @dition.-Discour ee on Some of the Doctrinal Articles of the Church of England. Eighth edition.■ #8j @d. Expo@ sition ef the Epistles to the Seven Churches. Third edition. 69. 6d. sloth.-Also Two Sermons on the Sacrament of the Lord@s Supper. Eighth edition. ls.-Trlal of the Spirits, b xth edition. Ii.'Jd. Messrs. Hatchard and Sob, Piccadilly and Messrs. Hamilton, Adams, and Co@@ Paternoster-row. The Twenty-eighth Edition of l.OOtrieach. F LETCHER'S FAMILY DEVOTION con-@taining the Morning and Evening Service of a Familv for Every Day throughout the Year. Embellished with Author, and Sixteen elegant Engravings. Bound in cloth, gilt edges, price £1 6s. Also, a splendid Kditien, In royal 4to@@-prlce £2. • d by the following distinguished Mu ' Rev. John' M -' -Debdco Hall Estate,in the County@of E@uex.-Ry Me sr . HOGOART and NORTON, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, January 13. at Twelve, by direction of a mortgagee, .. T HE LIFE ESTATE of Sir F. Vincent, Bari., uuder a power of sale, in the rentals and income arising from and out of tho Debden Estate, farms, mansion, park, furniture, and effects, timber and underwood. It appears that the present income is about £4,400 per annum, of ample amount to secure the interest upon the mortgages, and sundry annuities, leaviag a surplus of about £650 per annum.-Pull particulars will be ready fifteen days prior to the sale, and may be had of Messrs. Pritchard and Col@ lett, solicitors, Lincoln's-inn-fields at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton. Si, Old Broad street, Royal Exchange, Absolute Reversion to One-fourth Part of Fivv Copyhold and Free@ hold Public-houses, situate in and near to Colchester, @m the county of Essex, oa the death of a lady @@@• 63. and now Pr@@icing on lease £310 per annum -By Messrs. HOGGART and NORTON, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, January 13 instead of December 16, as before advertised , at Twelve, , , , , HE Absolute REVERSION, on the death of a lady, aged 63, to one-fourth part of five copyhold and freehold public houses, situate as under @The Red Lion, with stables, yards, garden, foe., at Thorrington, about nine miles from Colchester the Red Lion, with the brewhouse, stables, foe., at Folleshunt D'Arcy,t n miles from Colchester the Blue Bril, and nearly an acre of land, @4 the Old Hythe, In the borough of Colchester the Black Boy, with orchard and premises, at Werleigh, ten miles from Colchester and T the Half Mooh ot Weavers' Arm@£ with cottage and premises adjoin@ ing. in Middleburgh-street, in the borough of C r Colchester. The@abovo bouses are all in good trade, and art let on lease for a terra of four@ teen year@ from Lady-day, 1833, at a rental of £3@i per annum.-M ay bo viewed by leave of the tenants and particulars had at the Cuns, Colchester of Messrs. Pritchard and Collett, LincoWi-inn-fleW at the Auction Mart aud of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton, 64, O.d Broad-street. in tbe heart n 00 per an-the tenant Recommended L, ... . Rev. T. Raffles, LL.D., Liverpool. J.@Pye Smith, D.D., Horn. College. W. B.@Collyer, D.D , Peck-ham. J. Morrison, D.D., Chelsea. Adam Thomson, D.D., Cold@ stream. J. Harris, D.D., Epsom. Jotiah Pratt, B.D., Vicar ef St. 8tephen't, Coleman-@street. G. Collieon, D.D.. Hackney. F. A. Cox, D.D., Hackney. J. Sherman, Surrey Chapel. J. Young, Albion Chapel. ' nonials have also been racer kut.iicu iuiBister ! • _ ,hn Clay ton, Jun.,@Hackney. J. A. James, Birmingham. R. Philip, Matwrly Chapel. J. Gilbert. Islington. J. Davis, Bristol. G. I gge, Bristol. W. Brown, Bristol. T. Blnney, Weigh-Houss. Samuel Luke. Chester. James Parsons, York. John Ely, Leeds. Samuel Ransom, Hackney. H. Calderwood, Kendal. J. Sibree, Coventry. G. Lawson, Selkirk, foe. foe. foe. foe. Testimonials have ateo been received from nearly one hundred of tha moat iuflu' ntial clergymen of America. London George Virtue, 26. Ivy-lano, and all booksellers. Valuable Reversion to an extensive Freehold Property, in t@@@@@@@l of the City of London, producing a rental of nearly 700 nuro ateo aa Annuity of £100, payable during the life of th@@@@@@@@ for life.-By Messrs. HOGGART and NORTON, at the Mart, on Friday, January 13, at Twelve, in One Lot. A Very valuable REVERSIONARY INTEREST, expectant upon the death of a lady aged 48 to an important Freehold Property, occupying a large site of ground in the centre of the city of London, comprising nearly the whole of Three King-@court, Lombard street three dwelling houses and shops. Nos. 5, 6, and 7, Nag's Head-court, Lombard-street three dwelling houses, counting houses, and premise . Nos. 1,@2, and 3, on the west side of a passage leading from Three King-court to LoHibard-atr et and a dwelling house. No. 4, on the north side of a passage leading into Clement's-lar.e also the extensive warehouse, dwelling house, snd business premises, situate on tbe north and cast sides@@@ a passage leading from Three King-court into Lombard-street, on lease to Messrs. Prlco and Gosnell tie whole of this valuable property pro@ ducing rentals amounting together to nearly £700 per annum. A so an Annuity of £100, most amply secured payable during the life of the lady aged 48, whe is tenant for life, so that the purchaser will be in receipt of an income of £100 per ann. until the death ol the life tei.nnt. whvn he will become p@@@MMMed of the valuable property in reversion @t it U subject to the payment of £3,8 4 within sisimonths of the death of the tenant for life.-Particulars may be had of Messrs. Maltby @nd Beachcroft, Old Broad-street of .Messrs. Bourdi@Uon and Son. Great Winchester-street at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton. 62, Old Bread- street. Royal Exchange. Freehold Rental of £50 per Annum, arising out of a capital Baker's P hop and Premise , situate at the corner of Walker@t-court, Peter-@.treat. In the p ri.h ol 8t. Jranra, Weriiyn.Ur.-Merer,. HOGOART .nd NORTON, at the M@rat on Fr@W y. Jen. M, it IS. A Well-sccured FREEHOLD RENTAL of i80 per Annum, @wiria, oat of on .13.ll.nt baker 1 , .hop and pra-@m@lwa. situate in P.ter. tre t, at the corner of W.lker'i-court. In the p.rlih of 8t. JtniH. W.itmlmUr coroprlilnu ep.clou. doable-@tronred .hop, -Ith b t.houw, flour room, rad loft oy.r, rad@ con-renl.nt dwalling-hraii. attach... Th. .Ito.tlon i. In @.aery populou. F nel.hbourho-i.ond the bueine@M now carrying on I. of . v.rr ..t-n-. .tv. nature. The pramira. ran held by Mr. Arthur, a rary reipraubl. Neatly bound raid jilt, price W., . tenant, under lew. for a Lrm of al yew , at a moderate rental of 'LIES in AMBER beiog Charges ongintklly ,rnato square at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton, 62, Old Broad-street, Royal Exchf ige, M r. CAFE and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at their Rooms, Great Marlborough-gtreet_ _THI8 DAY, Butterflies in Amber these Charadis might without presuraptien, so varleusly pretty and @@BT fu@ @o they teem to us, and as suitable to the garden beneh as to the Christmas flre-i rintA t for B Bowdery and Kerby of whom may be had, fjitite,their Catalogue of the Works of a@U the most spproved nritoin Ml @@e use of young people, and where may be seen tne ifroatest variety of Bibles, Prayers, and Church Services in very superior flntehed bindings.-190, Ox ford-street, between OrchMti-street and Duke-street. MILLION OF FACTS.-Recently published, price J2s@@ T HE MILLION of FACTS or, Book of Reference on .very •ubiwt@of tentlflc.Llter.ry, Hl.tnrld, •nd Political Enquiry. By Sir RICHARD PHILLIPS. A@IM the following Element.ry Book, for Bchools@.prlce 1 ., Th Co titutio al CATICBUIC. By Sir R. Phillip,. Wut aud Bbc.osb, By th. Rev. David Blair. Fl.ST Lull Of AMTHM.TIO. @, ditto. n th. Rev J Abbidomiht of th. OEAMMAa of GioaRAi'iir. By th. Rev. J. Go@Mimith. Darton and C@Urk, H.lhorn-hlll at their Room., Great M.rlboroufh rtr .t THIS DAT, nnd followlnu day,@at 12 precisely, mode@m FURNI1URB oompr@Uinn four post and French bedstead, with chinti hanging a beddinn, wlnjrf rad other wardrobe., chrat @t drewera, dreratn@ table, and drawln, room curtain., rosewood couchta, @of@@ and chair., loo, c.ru, @Jd work @Ubl@m. wln,ed cabin t . brilliant pUte pSde.tal atdebo.rd@M ret. ofdlmn, Ublei, c@bMra, library Iwokcrara, table, and chaira. Axmln.ter@.nd@Bruraele carpel., horiion@ud, cabinet, and Miuare pianoforte, by Brondwood. Clementt. rad Zeitter. @n euteraio@. . tf-actinir pianoforte, . 12ft. billiard table with @Mate b!d! f m.'rb . b.th chin.?W . Pitted article., rad kitchen requl-.li@@on-May bo vieww!. and catalogue@ hnd. jug, publish , price a ., . S TRICTURES of the URETHRA their Caoiek Nature. ConteUueneM, rad Cure. With rwl g.i fjto g ferent mode, of t mrat hitherto practised is illustrated Dy numerou cumso, f eM 0 o, ave iJ cdU ra rnueerUl remov d seller in town or ceantry. ■ -Juit pohllkhed, price . ed ad tent free oa receipt of p et-ofllce Pitemactey-, M, Quadras A Meran. 0. J. Luc@h ant co. mitM eoniuiun mm ran inu rwo, and from Flv. tiU flight In the avenln, dolly, at theli reeldjnee. No. tu, Nawma.-itreet, Oiford-rtreet, London t rad country pot@tnta can h. ncoMifully treated, on mln@nuly deacriblno their c@omo, rad enclffing the usual f@w of £l for advice, foe. Sons of the Thames. . _ _ _ w M r. G. w. QUALLETT is instructed to SELL by AUCTION, at O.rraway's, on ThurMi.y, January 5, In loti, FIFrY-PIVB £10 SHARES In the Sen. of the Thame@- London and Gr.vee.nd Iron Steam-packet Company,.with th. .ccruine Di@ vidend thereon. The whet, .mount or the .bare. ha@ been ptld up, end thi. prerent. to caplteliste an opportunity of eecure and lucrative investment.-Particular, may be nod at Garraway@@ rad of Mr. Qu.llrtt, 28, Parker 1 .-row, Bermondiey. Albion Club. St. Jame.'@@wtreet.-Tne oic.llent Furniture, noble Gla@uei, . luperior Iron-plate Cioeet, 5 ft. 6 in. wide, . ft. i in. high, and@4@ft. 18 In. deep a ls-ft. B@lUI.rd Table. by@Thnretent Shemeld Plate, TMtle and Bed Linen, elegant Chin, rad Cut Olios, a very complete Set of 10 Maps, on ipring roller.. In ru.heg.ny fe'sSRs! #, DEB'ENHAM and STORR are iVA directed by the Committee of Mrara@ement of the Albion Club to SELL, upon the Premiie.,@85, 8t. Jraie.'i-.treet, Poll-null an Wednesday, J.nn ry 4, and following d@on. nt Eleven, .11 the ra-@c@lient HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, cons@Utlng of . Ml ef 0-ft. very superior Spanish mahogany dining tables, opening 17 its t in# card, loo, Pembroke, sofa, and coffee-room tables sets of very supe-@rior 81 -t- k~___ JUlww.raAm dhllpt. Prtwnrofl with nOffUCOi ri-, r i-f-vet ■ wrt The Twblfth TnooeiJiD.-Juit pnhUehed, In s Moled envelope, at .... vmt by p@et, free, @@.@ed., M ANHOOD the Causes@of its Preu atnra Decline. with plain direction, for It. perfect Keetoittlon Mdrawed@to thoee laffering from the deetructive effect, efeioeetlve lndulg.net ' i followed by oheerv@Mien. on the treat kc.. Ulu.tr.ted with cun, kc. ly J. L. CURTIS and CO@@ coneulting lurgeone, Londo..-Publiahed by the Author.s and told by Bargers, S8,@Coven-try-street. Hay market Mran, 39, Cornhill Strange, @1, Potemoe--.c - -iiioswatroo T -He t Drun _ _ ivelope by Co. ere to be d.Uy con iu, ted at t square, frem ten till three, ud f . country paUenti era be eacoeenfuUy t t .j w.e'cefvr h. ,•! f. eoUt ry h.bluuor tnfeetion followe ment of nnhuli, goaorrhmo, gleet. Twelfth Edition. By J. lTcURTIi _9tPeiBoroie,wia,Buu tuutu-L-Jum v u o, ww .u.j lor Spanish mahogany dining-room chairs@ covered with morocco capital library and reclining chairs, a set of three roahogany dwari bookcases, handsome chandeliers and lamps, a five-leafed son glasses. 72 by i oarpeti sad field Plate, in client DOOKca es, naBasorae cnan uvni VVZ~'ni Spanish mahogany frame, secret hing@@@t mthofu fjn. •_#. winged bookcase, a door porter's hall-ehair, cheflbnosre, aider servants' bedroom furniture, noble chimney and pier 60@in.,@56 by 36, and 46 by 101 in two plates Brussels @' @iry @Urge dimensions excell r . dish pails, Ur a plateau.. very superior iron , -4 in. deep, fitted with twelve iron shelves, pab eemplete a large quantity ef table and books, including the leading periodicals the Times @@@@@1814, New Times, Courier, Morning Chrouicle, Obterver, ths .London Qnie@Me from 1814, c. a complete and eztimaive assortment of copper ®tew-@pen., turbot kettles@ slock pots, @Muttles@ tea kettle., Mc.jlroll-oton rad Amhu@@m dinner and de@wert @Mrvlce., te. and coOhe profuilon of rich cut gl@ut rad cntlery, @@d @@variety of ot@wr@enVc -May he viewed two daye prevlou. to th. @ule. .when orarioguee price 4d. each may be obtelned upon the premlue@ rad of the Auc-@tlonncre. Klr.t-vtreet,Covent-eraden. ■'-PORTUOaLi LISBON, Die. 90. FROM OUR OWN CORRRaFORMNT Wo aro expectin? to learn what is to he tha totoM a# all the tariff negotiations, but as yet nothin@ appears to htoto boom decided either one way or the other. Additional in@ formation has, I believe, been sought for oa both rides, md a @of the two plenipotentiaries took plaoo at too Foreign-ofllee on Thursday last it was expeetad bora that , some further offer would bo mads by tha @ortog@@@M negotiator this week, which might lead to a tori seuto-@ment oi the question, @t her by the offer brihr aeooptod or rejected but this does nOt PP bav. yst has don@@a few days will probably, howeroi', decide the yasetlnn tho mat difficulty is no doubt about lo@ woowne, p ri which it ia to be feared that the Portuguooa will a boindaood@to five way to the extent required by our gw M ut and if the negotiations are broken off, It wiH rmj Ittsly turn mainly on this point. It is a very difficult question. At present cottons are our great @@@@BWe of im@ port here but supposing the Spanish trwg wow ooo-@cluded, woo@Uens would prolntbly rank eqarily hiA .1 though I fear there is considerable sxa s r@@ion in the idea@ entertained in England as tothe Mriri whh tuwal could take of our woollen goods, were @am duty ovor 80109 Uld taxs oi out wa ms •- -r , ... so low. The declared value JSftSSSt 1831 it was £281 in 1835 I th ? iiil83 ltMO. £334. The groat incro to the yoara 1W mo i a wera no doubt owing ' doSLad value of mo, £0 7,000 1840, £7p2 . .'W Id vS?e waa seat here to Nome extent. In IJfll the aljftw 2S n and iw.fSdm 1839. In 1840 tho amount Calculatinr the amount ol oottona not intended for ror@ tagueae consJmp@Uon at two-thirds toe whole amo@wt@ it fe probable that toe .luantttteo consumed @m this @@@ntry@ o@ our cotton and woollen goods, do ™?t gmHy dil ,_tn De irable little Grass Farm, and W oJlaiid surrounding a retired Cottage Residence, at Pinner, near Watford, and within a short drive of three stations en the Birmingham Railroad. M ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON are in-@atructod by the Executors of the late Joseph Sellon, Esq , to of the village and church of Pinner, a picturesque spot, between Har row, Watford, and Uxbridge. It comprises a complete fer me orn e, consisting of about 100 acres, beautifully wooded, surroundlBg a com@ fortable residence on a @mall scale, with pleasure grounds, garden, fish@ponds, gardener's cottage, aid various convenient buildings at prevent let on lease io a highly respectable tenant, at a very low rent. -For particulars and cards to view apply to Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son, land agents, in Water loo-place, Pall-mall. . First-rate Freehold Landed Investment, near Cirencester, embracing s.verai Capital Tithe-free Dairy and Stock Farms, well tenanted comprising the principal portion of the Parish of Ashten Keynes with the Manors@of the Leigh and Seuth@Cerney, partly bounded by the River Isis. M ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON are instructed to announce that early in_ the ensuing d that the Portuguese government totally any intention of giving way to toe Franco toe subject of aaeeseed taxea the French - - . -, _ instructed to announce that tarty ia he Feasts of the Circumcision and the Epiphany-Reviews of the 80- spring unless previously disposed Of by Private Coatract , they liloquy of the Soul, by B.Thomas h Kempls, and of the Hymns of the shall SELL by AUCTION, under ths powers of an Act of Parliament Parisian Breriary-Ecclesiastical Documents, No. I.-Decision of the and with the sanction of the High Court of Chancery, the y 7reja able and important MANORIAL ESTATE of ASHTON KEYNES@ within 5 mile6 of the capital town of Cirencester, fr ? 1 Cncklase and ten from Wootton Basset comprising the Church Parm, Kent@ end, Rickstone, North-end. and the Leigh Farms, with their superloi and substantial house@ and homesteads also the Manors of Leigh and South Cerney, with fishery in the river Isis@ a public house, snd other properties In the village the whole embracing nearly I.oh aercs.the greater part rich gra s land, and all in the hands of h'.gh-y respectable tenants.-Mr. Clark, of the Manor Farm, vlil show the estate and particulars may be @newn on application to@Mesir . Ten@ nant, Harrison, and Tcr.nant or to W. With m. Eso . solicitor@ Grav's inn-square and ot Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son .land agents, in Watarloo-place. Pall-mail, and Windsor. In Berkshire!-Valuable Pre@sold Estate@ with a superior Farm Re@ sidence or Shooting Box, in a fine sporting country. M E8SR9. DANIEL SMITH and SON are commissioned to OPFER for 8 A LB, a very desirable and re@ markably compact FREEHOLD ESTATE of nearly six hundred acres, let to a highly respectable tenant, in a very favourite and healthy part of Berks, offering both an ex ellent investment and a picturesque sporting domain the principal farm homestead being of a superior character and pleasantly placed nearly In the centre of tl.o estate, and without the expense or pretensioRS of a country seat, is capable of being easily made a very comfortable and gentieman.y residence for a moderate establishment -Por particulars, c., apply at their offices in Waterloo-placc, Pall-mall Salvage Paper. T OPLIS and SON Will SELL by AUCTION Bt tttelr Room.,No. 18.81. Pnri'.Chureh ra d.o .Th ran.T. January 5, at Twelve for One o'clock, @@@ordra of the Director@ of the Sun Plre 0 oe, about 1,100 reran ef PAPER, prat of whlch te illvbtlr dera.fcd by fire, compoeed ef double em@.lMi.nd, double email-email cap, demy, ' .i.iihraithattera. .ewi fcc.-May be viewed bra t the c ny nre, compowa o -v fettoTbeiDir all oonauineJ to th'e country, into which Spanidh W mart wnnllen vurn to a conbldtirablo extent. Toe few woollen manufactoriee eatabitehedI herei are ril@ol tbe towraqraligrat in the liner qualitiee they do not attempt to compete Wi@@ @@@@One branch of onr trade, which t be g Mhr to creased by a reduction of duties, w the l rv trade. The amount now imported 18 in8iKnu Jt • declared value wae only £13,419 in 1840. Iron wrought and unwrougbt, have tncreaeed firom J 2,@W0 to £62,000 in toe last ten years. The du@Ue@eon barfware@dare enormous, a great many articles paying 70 to 100 p@a @wn@L, and some a g reat deal more than tnat. I am told tha@@t@@ Portuguese say they don't want more protection on any thing than 3t per cent. In this case the matter@@@@@@ @J easy enough. But some people here have curiou@ ao-riAna A.hnut' thp wav of estimating 1 duties@ Certain a@n thorities of the Custom-house made their calculations toudt an article of cutlery can be bought ot the retail dealer for, say 300 reis and as the duty paid on the same article was 100 reis, it did not amount to per cent, ad fact being, that toe cost price of the article delivered to Lisboa by toe importer @J0 reis the dutv exsctlly rant, per@cent. and toe other 100 reis @@e profit of the reta@d tradesman, being 60 per cent, on the 200 refe paid to the importer by toe government. By toe same cutowemjKjj say @hat as a bo@tUe of Port w@me costs, say 4s. @@@Bngiand, and thsre being six bottlse to a ga@Uon. which pays Ce.@Od. duty, the duty on Port w@me is undsr 25 per oent. ad valorem. 1 understand i deny having any - -nrutensions on the subject ot - -7- , themeelvee, however, affirm that seized haa been offered them, and that the levy ia WMfr pended. The Suffrein French line-of-bettle ship arrival @Kre from Brest yesterday, Admiral c L n d h er 1 i is said she will go to Kio de Janeiro. The French have also here the IguaL@ corvette and Volage brig of war and it is said that two more vessels are expected. The government has carried retrenchment into effect to some extent, but all this w@@L little avail if let slip, and something be not do@@ to p T J? re tST astrous results that would ensu@e to Portugal were t@o Spanish treaty to be concluded, and things here remain 4 th A y conUwct has been made with the Conffanfa C ® JW the object ol which is to alter the mode of paymeut@ci the balance dne by the government to the company under pre@ vious contracts and for which some of@the@c@@ ent@reve-@nues were pledged, toe company receiving J 1 came in. The company take the balance, contos, in bills falling due on the 10th of , bruary, and so on till June next nnd the decima and other revenues 1 the end o made with the tooacco coniracwia, duct of the decima of 1840-1841, had been pl dgr d for t s repayment of a balance of 312 contos tois sum isinow@to be repaid, partly by deducting • 5 k Pl r S monthly paymen@u of 100 contos each, which have to make to toe government, but chfefly by bills re@ ceivable at the Custom-house@ for the tobacco duty, toe latter being to the amount of 220 conto . . . It has been asserted by toe opposition journals that • French loan of 1,000 contos of reis is on H e tapis, but t@o ministerial papers deny that there is any foundation tor th I 'hear'that toe Spanish government dehvering up oi the Gloria, alias Grande Antilla, to V@men@U oa toe ground that as toe court at that the paperB by which she was converted from a Spa@man to a Portuguese vessel were irregular, the tra@ujer w@m coneequently not complete, and she remained Span@wn, an@ as such ought to be given up. Thie ia a quear the affair, and would give rise to great abuses if listened to by Portugal. , - , The following article from the National is a rood speci@ men of the view taken by the French partisans here of the events alluded to. It is entitled The executions at Barce@ lona and the treaties with England@. The accounts received respecting the blood which leg@s vengeance has shed in toe capital are not uniform but to# reports concerning the projects of the authorities seem to indicate that moderation will be unknown there. In Spain civil dissensions have always been accom@ panied by the moat horrible tragedies out expe@neno# ought to cot vince the Spaniards that such means ure en@ tirely ansuited to gain whatever ends, and the prograss ot civilization ought t@ soften this barbarity. . Would that the Regent would become aware of t@o evils that bloodshed must infallibly bring to his autho@nty, to his reputation, and to toe interest ol toe Queen her@ self. Can it be true, however, what is said of the share that England has taken in the bad treatment received by un-@@@' y Barcelona@? It would little surprise us. The question was to annihilate the industry of a con@ tinental stale, to remove the embarrassment@ that a manu@ facturing province opposed to the consumption oi English goods and the British arms have never fired a shot unless to facilitate the sale of some yards of cottons, or some boxes of poison. For this reason we are disposed to believe all that we hear in this sense. , . But we are also persuaded that thoee who now shoot Spaniards to serve Englishmen will not long be considered as Spaniards. But be it how it may, it appears beyond doubt, that the events of Barcelona although still wrapt in the darkest mystery are, at least on one side, in intimate relation with the efforts oi toe English to conclude a treaty of commerce with the Spanish government and it appears equally certain that this treaty is either already made, or, at t@o least, is inevitable. We shall now see whether the advocates of conventions of this kind between ourselves and England will at last open their eyes we shall see whether toe effects of our treaty will or will not be such as we have so often said-the ruin of our manufactures induetria , without any be@ nefit for our wines. Already bound by the treaty, and dependent on th@ English government respecting the duties in both countries, we shall pe sacrificed by England toe instant she shall have arranged her affairs with our neighbours. Ths scale of duties will be against us both in the ports of Portugal and of England. In addition to so many internal causes of rain, ther@ will fall upon us toe weight of calamity prepared by onr moet natural and moat cruel enemies our country @1 destined to be converted into a desert. This is a fair specimen of the language held by our adver@ saries here they would not make@@ treaty with ns them@ selves, neither wonld they allow us to make one with Spain. In whose interest can they write ? The question is an@ swered by putting another question@@What power is moet interested In preventing our making treaties with either Portugal or Spain, by which the wines and brandy of those countries would find Increased consumption in England, and British manufactures increased consumption in the Peninsula ? The Queen has this year again relinquished 50 contos of her income, and the King-Consort 40 contos, in consequence of the necessitous state of the Treasury ths Portaria ot Baron Tojal announcing the fact is dated the 23d Instant. Some one apparently well acqnainted with the affairs ot the Lisbon Fishery Company has published an account of their actual state on the 30th of September last, from which It appears that toe company, which is now In t@o seventh year of Its existence, has sunk and lost 70 per cant, of its capital toe latter amounted to 474 contos, being cash actually received from the shareholders while toe cash In hand on th@ 30tb of September, toe vessels, and all other effects of the company, Including a number of abandoned shares, See., are estimated altogether at only 188 eon to#, showing a deficit of 336 contos, and this, no@@mtoetandtog all the encouragement it h@u rtorived from th@ legislature, whleh, to bolster It up, h@u levied such heavy du@de@ oa foreign @ult fish. The British steamer of war Locust cam@ In from England for ooal on Thursday, and left the next day for Malta. The Portuguese ship Affonto d'Alboq'ierqtieleft fer Angola and Moeamblque on Saturday, taking 300 convicts for t@orn colonies. ' _ The Suffren, French @Un@ of battle ship, whleh@@@ou anchor when she came in almost on the opposite side ri @@™ rivar, has since been towed to toi@ aid , and taken up • near the shore, which does not look like leaving. It@@@ • ported, I know not on what grounds, that a F'-' dron, under toe oommand of an admiral. here for th# present. Oldham,-A Sign of p t iraJtew 0 T r har- V' Millor, and J. Bsqr clast of ntt-payen, ra3 P-makers, Sec., in Oldham arrears of poeftr rate. .7 arrangements fer paym r -MandUior Timor. ... fi l 1
[ GS_aligned] ##################### LONDON, MO@NDAY, JANUARY 2, 1843. ####### to HAVRE in lieu of the #################################################################################### January A.M. Sunday, January ########################################## Thursday, Jan, 5 @@@@Sunday, ################## Wednesday, Jan. 25 @@OTICE is hereby given, that a SPECIAL@@@ GENERAL MEETING of the PROPRIETORS of the ########### RAILWAY COMPANY will be ################ on Monday, the 16th day of January now ###################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### TEAM for CORK, calling at PLYMOUTH.-The City of Dublin Steam Packet Company's ############### LEEDS, Captain R. ####################### at PLYMOUTH, on Saturday ######### Eight o'clock. Passengers can embark at ############# Stairs, below the Tower.-O@@ﬃces, ############################################################################################################################ Dublin Steam Wharf, Irongat@e. Agent in Cork, G. Lefebure, Esq., Lower #################### sent for to any @part of town. All heavy goods, carriages, horses, @c. for shipment, to be sent to the Dublin Steam‐wharf, Irongate, adjoining the Tower. A ################################################### Lambeth.-A QUARTERLY COURT of the Guardians of @this Charity will be held at the Institution on Thurs- ############### 5th, at Twelve o'clock ################### business. W. DAVIES, Sec. R OYAL FREEMASONS' SCHOOL for FE- MALE CHILDREN.-A QUARTERLY GENERAL COURT of this Institution will be holden at the Sc@hool‐h@ouse, Westminster- road, on Thursday, the 12th day of January, insta@nt, at twelve o'clock precisely. FRANCIS CREW, Secretary, January 1, 1843. 27, Lamb's ################################################################################################################### Election, will take ############## ############################ on Monday, January 16, 1848, when six Children will be elected. The Ballot will com- mence at Twelve o'clock, an@d the door of the room will be closed at Three precisely. After the Election the general business will be tran-. JOHN @DAVIS, A.M., Hon.Secretary. Applications to be made at the O@@ﬃce, No. 11, Abchurch‐lane, @on Wed@nesdays, from Eleven to Four o'clock or to the Assistant ################ Mr. J. Leach, 12, President‐street East, Gos- well‐road. #################################### ASSOCIATION and BENEVO@LENT FUND, 60, King ################# London‐bridge, ######## 30, ########### is hereby @given, that the SECOND ANNUAL GENERAL @MEETING of the MEMBERS of the Bene@ﬁt Department of this As- sociation will be held at these o@@ﬃces, on Monday Evening, the 16th ############################################################################################################################################################################## at Twelve, o'cloc@k precisely, for the purpose of consi- dering the expediency of authorising the Directors to apply to Par- liament in the ensuing Session for an Act to make a Branch Rail- way from the Main Line in the parish of Blisworth, in the county of Northampton, to the city of Pe@terborough, and to adopt such mea- sures as may be necessary to e@ﬀect that object. ############# ############################### F. LEDSAM, Deputy ################### By order, R. CREED, Secretary. O@@ﬃce, Euston Station, Dec. 31, ######################################### STOCK@.-QUARTER SHARES.-The THIRD CALL, being TWO POUNDS TEN SHILLINGS per SHARE, ############################################# on Tuesday. January 10th, 1843. Interest at #################### cent. will be charged, from the above date, on the amount of the Call unpaid and ################################################# on all Calls ######################## will please to observe that the receipts for all ################################################ subse@quent to the ############ be given by the Bankers on the ########## evidence of payment being admissible. Scrip may be #### by forwarding to this O@@ﬃce the receipt for the ﬁrst ############################### of one or both of the ﬁrst and second Calls, are requested to make immediate payment of them with interest. H. G. WRIGHT, Sec. Edinburgh and Glasgow ####### O@@ﬃce, ######################### NIVERSITY COLLEGE, London.-FA- CULTY of ARTS and LAWS. The LECTURES on the classes in this faculty will be RESUMED on Tuesday, the 10th of January, 1843. Such a division of the subject is made in most classes as enables a student to enter advantageously at this part of the course. GEORGE LONG. A.M., Dean. Dec. 1842. CHARLES C. ATKINSON, Secretary to the Council. @W ILSON'S SCOTTISH ENTERTAINMENTS.@@@@ -At the Music Hall, Store‐street, THIS EVENING, Ja- nuary 2, at Eight o'clock, Mr. WILSON will give his Entertainment, comprising the ADVENTURES of PR@INC@E CHARLES, with the illustrative Jacobite songs. Pianoforte, Mr. Land.-@@@Tickets, 2s. reserved seats, 2s. 6d. private @boxes for six, 15s. for eight, £1. G RAND BALL, Crown and Anchor Tavern, @@@@Strand.-Mr. CALDWELL begs to announce that his SE- COND grand PLAIN DRESS BALL this season will take place in the great room of the a@bove Tavern TO‐MORROW, January 3. -@Tickets, 3s. each, to be had at Mr. Caldwell's academy for dancing, @83, Dean-street, Soho bar of the Crown and Anchor ##################### music‐sellers. Mr. Caldwell will be happy to give instruc- tions to any party in a few easy lessons, so that they may take part in the quadrilles so often danced at this festive season. Terms ############################################################## At this meeting vacancies, which #################### ########### @o@@f Management and Generalcia- tion, sig@ned by seven members, this meeting is made s@pecial, to ap- point a Committee to revise rules@@@@@@. GEORGE THOMAS, Chairman. N.@B. The Annual General Meeting of the Benevolent Department will be held on the 6th of February next, of which due notice will be given. R OYAL SANTIAGO MINING COMPANY.-Notice is hereby given, that the GENERAL MEETING of the SHARE@HOLDERS will be held at the o@@ﬃce of the company on ############## the 4th of January next, at One o'clock precisely, when the directors will make their report and declare a dividend. 38, @Broad‐street‐buildings, December 16, ########### Court of Directors of the ST. KATHA-@ RINE DOCK COMPANY do hereby give notice, that a GENERAL HALF‐YEARLY MEETING of the PROPRIETORS will be held at the Dock‐house, Tower‐hill, in the county of Middle- sex@, on Tuesday, the 17th day of January next, at Twelve o'clock at noon, for the purpose of declaring a DIVIDEND on the Capital Stock of the Company, for the Half‐year ending the 31st instant, when the accounts @of receipts and disbursements of the said Com- pany, for the year ending the 31st Instant, will be laid before the Proprietors, which accounts will be ready for examination or in- Section, by such Proprietors, on and after the 3d day of January next. T@he @@Books of the Company will close on Saturday, the 24th Instant, and open on Monday, the 23d day of January next. By order of the Court, JOHN HALL, Secretary. St. Katharine Dock‐house, Dec. 20, 1842. N.B. The chair will be taken at One o'clock precisely. ################################## Broad‐street, Lon@don, December 17, 1842. Notice is hereby given, that a SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING of Shareholders of the Angle Mexican Mint Company will be held at this Oﬃce, on Wednesday, the 4th of January next, to take into con- sideratio@n the expediency of raising additional capital for the pur- poses of the Company. The chair will be taken at two o'clock precisely. G. B. LONSDALE, Sec. C HARITABLE CORPORATION.-The Court @@@@@of Proprietors of this corporation have declared a DIVIDEND of ONE SHILLING and SIXPENCE, a SHARE, which will be PAID at Mr. ####### o@@ﬃce, Guildhall‐buildings, London, on the 10th of January inst@ant. S OUTH AUSTRALIAN COMPANY-DIVI DEND.-The Directors of the South Australian C@ompany giv notice, that the HALF‐YEAR'S DIVIDEND, at the rate of Four pe Cent. per Annum on the paid up Capital, due 31st instant, will @be PAYABLE at the Company's O@@ﬃces, on Monday, January 16, 1843, and every subsequent day, between the hours of Eleven and Three. The Transfer Books of the Company will be closed from 2d to 9th ################################################################################################################## HEN@RY RUSSELL'S SECOND ############################## will take place at the ######################################################################################### of the applicant.-Applications to be made in writing, to A. Z., at Mr. Blenkar@n's, law bookseller, 19, Chancery‐lane, London, with real name and address age, quali@ﬁcations, terms, and references. S ECRETARY WANTED.-The Projectors of a Public Company, now in course of formation, require a SE- CRETARY, who must be of @ﬁrst‐rate address, thoroughly conver- sant with business, and of highly respectable connections. He will be required to invest £1,000 in shares. Salary to commence in a few months , about £200 per annum at @ﬁrst, and increasing with the suc- cess of the undertaking.-Address pre-paid to C. F., Messrs. Risley and Chappell, solicitors, Quality-court, Chancery-lane. T O PARENTS.-A Solicitor one of a @ﬁrm in extensive practice in the immediate vicinity of the Temple has a VACANCY for an ARTICLED PUPIL, who would board with the advertiser at his private residence at the west‐end of town. Pre- mium for the @ﬁve years, £400. The most unexceptionable references would be given and required.-Address, C. F., care of Messrs. Richards, law booksellers, 194, Fleet‐street. T O PARENTS and GUARDIANS.-WANTED, a respectable Youth, about @ﬁfteen or sixteen, as an APPREN- TICE to an old‐established SURGEON‐DENTIST. The pupil would have unusual advantages for excelling in his profession, being under the constant superintendence of the advertiser, who is himself a thorough practical man, both in the surgical and mechanical part but he will be required to board and lodge with his friends. A mo- derate premium.-For further particulars apply by letter pre‐paid , with @real name and address to A. B., Mr. Pollock, surgeon, 26, Hat- ton‐garden. F RIDAY‐STREET.-To be LET, or the LEASE to be SOLD of capital PREMISES, most desirably situate, being in the centre of the Linen and Silk Markets comprising an extensive and light warehouse on the ground @ﬂoor, large warehouse on the @ﬁrst @ﬂoor, with parlour and kitchen, drawing room and bed rooms over, large dry cellars in the basement, @@c. c.-Farther par- ticulars may be had of Toplis and Son, No. 16, St. Paul's Church- yard. S TAMFO@RD‐HILL.-@To be LET on Lease, by Messrs. WINSTANLEY.-A commodious detached RESI- DENCE, suited for a respectable family, pleasantly situate as above, containing seven bed chambers, three sitting rooms, kitchen and o@@ﬃces, with good stabling, coachhouse, excellent garden, lawn and @greenhouse. The whole well supplied with spring and soft water.-For terms and cards to view, apply at No. 10, Paternoster‐row or to Mr. John Combe, solicitor, No. 9, Staple‐inn, Holborn. V ALUABLE BUILDING GROUND.-Several@@ PLOTS of GROUND on the Marquess of Exeter's estate in the vicinity of t@he Strand, aren. @E DUCATION.-Terms £5 per Quarter, in- cluding board, instruction either for professional ######## ### ########## , ############################ extra. No ############# unexceptionable ################## ############ ############ as to the treatment of the pupils, liberal diet, and system of education. Cards may be had at Peele's ######################### street, London, ################################################################################################################################################# @Mr. ########### the Proprietor of ############### by Stephen. West@moreland, may be seen ############ and Two ########################################################################################## and LIBERAL@@ MISCELLANY.-Arrangements h@aving been made with writers of #################################### will henceforth furnish ###### Tales, and ########### in accordance with the spirit of the age. Illustrations will be given with each Number, and the price being re- duced to 1s. 6d., it will come within the reach of every person de- ################### an entertaining miscellany. Sherwood and Co., ############################################################################################################################################## wanted who understands the @general business of a school also a half boarder.-Cards of address, 4, Little Britain and Mr. Oram's, 27, ############################################## -WINTER CLASS@ES.-122, Regent‐street.- A pupil will acquire mere in @ﬁve or ### weeks on this system of the speaking and useful knowledge of a language than in two years on the old.@ -Edinburgh Review. This is the greatest improvement of the age. Westminster Review.-M. D'USAYER, M.A., assisted by Foreign Professors, and a Graduate of Oxford, is now forming ADULT CLASSES for the ########################################################### 8. Bankrupt Bank@@@@@s 9. Nursery Rhymes for Sucking Politicians 10. Art‐Unions ################################ 12. The Patrician's Daughter 13. Facts and Figures. Miscellaneous Notices. Books, Drama, Music, @c. ############################################################################# Library, 19., @Holles‐street. B ULL'S NEW SYSTEM FOR FAMILIES AND BOOK SOCIETIES. Families paying £6 6s. the year have all the New and Standard Works they order, twelve volumes at a time in town, or twenty-four in the country. Catalogues and boxes free of expense and two guineas' worth of the new books to keep at the end of each year. @@Societies can subscribe at the rate of@ 14s. per member only. The new past catalogues, with full particulars, sent gratis and post free. -Apply to Mr. Bull, librarian, as above. T O ADVERTISERS.-@The First Number of the ILLUSTRATED POLYTECHNIC REVIEW a Journal de- voted to Science, the Fine Arts, and @Literature , which will be pub- lished on the 7th of January, 1843, will be circulated to the extent of 30@,000 ####### a@nd presents a @ﬁrst‐rate medium for advertise@ments.-O@@ﬃce, 143, Strand. D AILY LIST of PRICES of the various FUNDS and SHARES in which business is chie@ﬂy trans- acted, accompained with such remarks at the frequent change of ############################################################# 3. Lines from OElenschloeger 4. The @Farmer's Fireside, Illus- trated by Zeitter. Corn‐law Tales, No. 1 5. China and the Tea Things 6. Lord Brougham and David @Hume on Miracles 7. Song from Beranger ########################################################### a Novel,@@ by Daniel Hardeastle, jun., with Illustrations. EDITED BY THOMAS HOOD, ESQ. ILLUSTRATED BY L@EECH. The January Number for 1843, of @@C OLBURN'S NEW MONTHLY MAGAZINE AND HUMORIST. Contains the following interesting ########################## the ################################################################################################################################# will take place at the Hanover‐square Rooms, on Thursday evening, the 12th of January. Several new com- positions will be introduced, namely The Dream of the Reveller, The National Melodies of America, @@The Young Soldier,@@ several new Indian and Prairie songs, @@c., and, by desire, The Maniac, and The Ship on Fire. Tickets 2s. 6d. each reserved seats 4s. each reserved family seats, to admit four, 10s. @6d. each, to be had of Messrs. Cramer, Addison, and Beale, 201, Regent‐street and of all the prin- cipal @@music‐sellers. The new Fanda pianoforte, manufactured by Joseph Kirkman and Son@@s, willbe used on this occasion. for #################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### M'LAREN, Manager. ########### BANK of AUSTRALIA, 38, Old Broad @street, London. December 30, 1842. Notice is here by given, that a SPECIAL GENERAL MEETING of the PROPRIETORS of this Bank will be held here on Monday, the 23d of January, at One o'clock precisely, when the Directors will make a sta@@tement of the Bank's a@ﬀaiss up to the 31st instant, and de- clare a DIVIDEND. By order of the Board, SAMUEL JACKSON, ############# ############################# and LIFE ASSURANCE, and LOAN ASSOCIATION.-O@@ﬃces, No. 147, Strand, London and 119, Princes‐street, Edinburgh. Su@bscribed Capital £1,000,000. This Association embraces every description of risk, contingent upon Life and Fire. A liberal system of Loan. An extensive legal connection, a Direction, and Proprietary com- posed of all classes. A union of the English and Scotch systems of Assurance. For tables of rates of assurance, annuities, and endowments, or any other information, apply at the O@@ﬃces or to the Agents of the As- sociation. J. S. PIDGEON, Actuary. S COTTISH UNION INSURANCE COMPANY.NY. Instituted in 1824, and incorporated by Royal Charter. ###################### Balfour, ############################################################################################################################################################################ Daniel ################################################# Macke zie, Esq., Manager. Moderate Rates both for Fire and Life Assurance, liberal conditions, and unquestionable security, are the distinguishing features of this Co@rporation. Special risks reasonably rated. Tables of rates and ev@ery ############ may be had of the Secretary, at the chief London o@@ﬃce, 449, W@est Strand, or at the city branch o@@ﬃce, 78. Ki@ng Wil- liam‐street, Mansion‐house. F. G. SMI@TH, Sec. Scottish Union O@@ﬃce, 449, West Strand, London. NITED KINGDOM LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY. 8, Waterloo‐place, Pall‐mall, London. Established by Act of Parliament in 1834. Division of Pro@ﬁts amon@g the Assured. ########################################################################################################## of Errol Earl of Courtown Earl Leven and Melville Earl of Norbury Earl of Stair ############################################################################# @Samuel Anderson, Esq. Hamilton Blair Avarne, Esq. Edward Boyd, Esq., Resident E. L@annox Boyd, Esq., Assistant Resident Charles Downes, ##################################################### established by Act of Parliament, a@ﬀords the most perfect security in an ample paid‐up Capital, and in the great success which has attended it since its commencement in 1834. In 1841, the Company declared an addition to the Shareholders of one‐half of their @Stock, and also added £2 per cent. per annum from the date of the policies to those parties who had insured with Pro@ﬁts. The Premiums nevertheless are on the most moderate scale, and only a moiety need be paid for the ﬁrst @ﬁve years, where the Insurance is for Life. The amount of bonus added to policies since the commencement of the Company in March, 1834, to the 31st December, 1840, is as follows ################################# Esq. F. Charles Maitland, Esq. William Railto@n, Esq. John Ritchie, Esq. F. H. Thomson, Esq. ############################################################################################################################################################################################ information will be a@ﬀorded on application to the Resident Directors, Edward Boyd, Esq., and E. Lennox Boyd, Esq., of No. 8, Waterloo‐place, Pall‐mall, London. Frederick Hale Thomson, Esq., surgeon, 48, Berners‐street, attends at the O@@ﬃce daily, about half‐past Two o'clock. ################################################## of LONDON hav@e had their attention directed by numerous correspondents to some recent announcements for the formation of Art‐Unions in the Metropolis and various provincial towns, professing to resemble in principle this Society, but which are, in reality, commercial @speculations for individual bene@ﬁt. T@hey therefore deem it their duty, in order to prevent misapprehension-@by which serious mischief might be done to a valuable means of advanc- ing the Arts-to state broadly that this Society was established solely with the disinterested view of disseminating a love of the Fine Arts throughout the British Empire-of legitimately promoting their pro- gress, and elevating the public taste. No gentleman connected with its management has the slightest personal interest in the purchase of Works of Art, or can possibly derive any advantage, pecuniary or otherwise, therefrom, so that there is no subordinate end of an indivi@dual nature to serve. T@he Committee cannot but view with distrust any scheme which, under the guise of such a principle as this, seeks to assume for indi- viduals, actuated by pecuniary motives, an i@@nﬂuence which might place Art and Artists in a state of thraldom likely to be productive of most serious consequences. The Society's prospectus and all other Information may be ob- tained at the o@@ﬃce, 4,Trafalgar‐square, Charing‐cross, and of any of the local secretaries throughout the country. Subscribers of the cur- rent year will receive, in addition to the chance of obtaining a valu- able work of art, a Line Engraving from Sir A. Calcott's Picture, Ra@ﬀaelle and the Fornarina, by Mr. L. Stocks, which is in a state of considerable f@orwardness. An early subscription is invited. P@RESID@ENT-H. R. H. the Duke of CAMBRIDGE. ##################### Most Noble the Marquess of NORTH- AMPTON. ##################################### G. Atkinson, Esq., F #################################################################################### F.R.S. John Britton, Esq., F.S.A. B. B. Cabbell, Esq., F.R.S., F.S.A. William Col@lard, Esq. Robert Dickson, Esq., M.D., F.L.S. C. P. Dimond, Esq., Treasurer Thomas L. Donaldson, Esq. William Ewart, Esq., M.P. John S. Gaskoin, Esq. George Godwin, Esq., F.R.S,, F.S.A. Thomas Gri@@ﬃth, Esq., M.A. Sir Benjamin Hall, Bart., M.P. E. Hawkins, Esq., F.R.S., F.S.A. Henry Haward, Esq. William Leaf, Esq. William C. Macready, Esq. T. P. Matthew, Esq. T. Moore, Esq., F.S.A, George Morant, Esq. George John Morant, Esq, Richard Morris, Esq. John Noble, Esq., F.S.A. Lewis Pocock, Esq., F.S.A. T@he Right Honourable the Lord Prudhoe W@. J. Smith, Esq. Arthur W@@@. Tooke, Esq., M.A. R. Zouch S. Troughton, Esq. The Very Reverend the Dean of Westminster Samuel W@ilson, Esq., Alderman Edward Wyndham, #################################################### High Court of Chancery, made in a cause the Marquess of Hertford against Lord Lowther. the ANNUITANTS and LEGATEES of the Most@@ Noble FRANCIS CHARLES, late Marquess of HERTFORD, @@de@ceased who died on or about the 1st day of March, 1842 , are forth@- with to come in and MAKE OUT THEIR CLAIMS to such Annuitieses and L@egacies before Andrew Henry Lynch, Esq., one of the Mas-@ ters of the said Court, at his chambers in Southampton‐buildings, Chancery‐lane, London, or ia default thereof they will be excluded the bene@ﬁt of the said Decree. CAPRON, W@ELD, BRABANT, and CAPRON, Saville‐place, New Burlington‐street. Plain@@tiﬀ's solicitors. P URSUANT to a Decree of the High Court@ of Chancery, made in a cause The Marquess of Hertford against Lord L@owther, the CREDITORS of the Most Noble FRANCIS CHARLES, lat@e Marquess of HERTFORD, deceased who died on or about the 1st day of March, 1842 , are forthwith to come in and PROVE their DEBTS before Andrew Henry Lynch, Esq., one of the Masters of the said Court, at his Chambers, in @Southampton‐buildings, Chancery‐la@ne, London or, in default thereof, they will be excluded the bene@ﬁt of the said Decree. CAPRON, WELD, BRABANT, and CAPRON, Saville‐place, New Burlington‐stre@et, Plainti@ﬀ's Solicitors. P URSUANT to a Decree of the Hi@gh Court of Chancery, made in certain causes, pending in the said Court, entitled ################### @v. Colvin, and ################################################################################################### LIFE ASSURANCE S@@O-@@@@@ CIETY, No. 3, Princes‐street, ########## Allcard, Esq. Richard Low Beck, Esq. Edmund C. Buxton, Esq. Sir Wm. Clay, Bart., M.P. James Dawson, Esq. Thomas Fowler, Esq. W@illiam Storrs Fry, Esq. Robert ######################### Hawes, jun., Esq., M.P. John Laurence, Esq.@@ William Josh. Lescher, Esq. Joseph Fras. Maubert, Es@q. Joshua Schol@eﬂeld, Esq., M@.P. Henry Sturt, Esq. John ##################### George Vaughan, Esq. The Directors hereby give notice to Members whose Premiums fall @due on the 5th of January next, that the same must be paid within 30 days from that date. The premiums are payable yearly, half‐yearly, or quarterly, on the 5th of January, 5th of April, 5th of July, and 5th of October, either of which several days constitutes the commencement of the year to Members. Persons, therefore, desirous of entering the Society, as Members, on the 5th of January next, should appear or ledge their pr@oposals at the O@@ﬃce on or before that day. So various are the plans now before the public for e@ﬀecting As- surance on Life, it may, at @ﬁrst sight, seem di@@ﬃcult to make choice between them. As, however, all prudent o@@ﬃces make a considerably higher charge in the annual premium than experience has hitherto shown to be necessary, but di@ﬀer in the mode of dis- posing of the surplus, or pro@ﬁt, the following classi@ﬁcation may be made -1. Proprietary O@@ﬃces, where all the surplus from premiums and other pro@ﬁts is divided, exclusively, amongst the Share or Stock holders. 2. O@@ﬃces where the same is divided in various proportions between Share and Stock holders and the ######################## of a strictly mutual character, where the whole of the ########### distributed amongst the Assured only. The Metropolitan, which is of the last class, was established in 1835, and although no paid agents for town or country have at any time been employed, nor any expensive system of advertising resorted #### advantages have been so well appreciated by the public, t@hat the annual premiu@ms already exceed £41,000. @@@In consequence of the prosperous state of the Society's a@ﬀairs, the Annual Premiums of Members of Five Years' standing have been reduced Forty‐two and a Half per Cent. A plan of the Society, with tables of rates, may be obtained on ap- plication at the O@@ﬃce@@@@. RICHARD HEATH@FI@ELD, Superintendent. Prince's‐street, Bank, Dec. 14, ############################################## Calcutta, in the Province of Bengal, in the Ea@s@t Indies, Esquires, theretofore carrying on business there in copart- nership with Johannes Sarkies, as merchants and agents, entitled to participate in th@e trusts of an Indenture of Assignment, b@earing date the @28th day of March, 1817, and made by the said Carrapiet Sarkies an@d Bectan ######## for the BENEFIT of their CREDITORS, are, on or before the 1st day of April 1843, to come in and PROVE their DEBTS before William Wing@ﬂeld, Esq., one of the Masters of the said Court, at his chambers in Southampton‐buildings, Chancery- lane, London or, in default thereof, they will be peremptorily excluded the bene@ﬁt of the said Decree@@. ######### DENBY, and LAVIE, Plainti@ﬀs' Solicitors. 8, Frederick's‐place, Old Jewry. ###################################################################################################################################################################### Note Paper, each at . . Twopence. 1,000 Initial Wafers . . . . ################### the penny stamp, at per dozen ################################################## of every description at wholesale prices. Envelopes, #################### bordered ditto, of the best quality Stocken's pure Cumberland lead drawing pencils. Best copy books, 3s. ##################### for 8s. 6d. Name‐plate ######################## cards printed, for ##################################################################################### of distance, in any part of the coun- ############### treated with the same liberality as ######################### the usual expence, and all ############################################################################################################################################################################################################# and completely for £25 a six- ############## for £79 a ten‐roomed ditto luxuriantly ############################################## for £335 a single room or ######################################################################################################################################################################## of packing.-PAINTER and CO., No. 28, Leicester‐square, near Charing‐cross. T O LADIES.-ROWLAND'S ###################### Special Patronage of her Most Gracious Majesty, ####################### preparation from Oriental Exotics, is ######################### as the only safe and e@@ﬃcient protector and ############# complexion. Its virtues are commonly ########################## eradicating all pimples, spots, redness, tan, ################ cutaneous defects, in healing chilblains. ############################## t@he most ########################### uneven skin ############################################# and arm a delicacy and ############################ @ﬁnd it allay the irritation of the skin, #################################################################################################################################################################################### of apparent res@pectability. T@@o protec@t the Public fr@om such fraud, the Honourable Com@mis- sioners of Stamps have authorised the Proprietors Signature to ############################ Stamp, thus -@@ A. ################### is a@@ﬃxed to each bottle.-Sold by hem, and by chemists and perfumers. T HE NEW DISCOVERY, by which the ###################### the weak heart strong, and ######################################################## on nervous ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## date the First day of October One Thousand Eight Hundred and Forty‐two, BAR- GAINED, SOLD, ASSIGNED, TRANSFERRED, and SET OVER unto James@ Dear, of Aldermanbury, London, warehouseman, and Robert Henry Taylor, of Birmingham, draper, all the ESTATE and EFFECTS therein mentioned of him the@@@@ said Samuel Thomas@@@@ Moore, upon the trusts therein mentioned, for th@e BENEFIT of all and every the CREDITOR end CREDITORS of the said Samuel Thomas Moore that the said indenture was duly executed by the said Samuel Thomas Moore, and J@ames Dear, and Ro@bert Henry Taylor, on the said First day of October. One Thousand Eight Hun- dred and Forty‐two. That the said deed of assignment now lies at the o@@ﬃce of Messrs. Hardwick and Davidson, of No. 14, Cateaton- street, in the City of London, solicitors, for execution by those cre- ditors who have not yet executed the same.-Dated this 29th day of December, 1842. HARDWICK and DAVIDSON. 14, Cateaton‐street, London, Solicitors to the Trustees of the said Thomas Moore. W YLD'S GENERAL ATLAS.-A General 65 Maps. Colombier folio, full coloured £11 11s., ################################# WORLD, containing 31 Maps. Full coloured, £5 6s., ############################################### Full coloured. Containing 52 Maps, £2 12s. 6d., half‐bound. ######################## with a copious Index. 12s. ############### 12s. These Atlases contain all the recent dis- coveries. @@James Wyld, Geographer to the Queen, Charing‐cross East. M R. HOME and the ROYAL COGNAC BRANDY AFFAIR !-Mr. Home has to represent to the public that be has sustained great injuries fro@m Sir Felix Booth, who, besides withholding the pay@ments and rights due to him for the use of his discoveries at Albany‐street, Regent's Park-premises taken expressly to carry on Mr. Home's processes for making Brandy-has put forward a person he has raised from dependence, of the name of Grimble, to assume the merits of Mr. Home's pro- ductions, aiding him by circulars in representing to the world that he has made continuous improvements in this Brandy since its @ﬁrst introduction. Whereas the truth really is, that the Brandy now selling at Albany‐street is no other than an imitation of the article supplied by Mr. Home, heretofore, from these premises, ﬂavoured by the same ingredients, made up in the same proportions, and prepared precisely upon the same principles. And if any improvement has taken place in the article in the hands of these persons, it has arisen solely in consequence of the letters addressed to Sir Felix Booth ####################################################### Managing Partner by Mr. Home at di@ﬀerent times since their seizing possession of these works, upon the merits of Mr. Home's production, to enable the@m to correct the faults they had fallen into in the preparation of that commodity. 4, ################################# Dec. 12, 1842. S MOKY CHIMNEYS CURED at ONCE, in accordance with the new Chimney Act.-The advertisers have discovered the cause of weak draughts, downward currents, c , and in a few hours can perfect the draughts of the most faulty chimneys. The cure is e@ﬀected by a simple and permanent process, at a stated moderate charge when perfect.-References in all parts of London. The printed particulars, terms, c., remitted post free.-W. H. ########################### CO., patentees, 41, ########################## of BLOOD to the HEAD, APOPLEXY. @@c., e@ﬀectually prevented by the occasional use of FRAMPTON'S PILL of HEALTH, which, by strengthening the action of the stomach, and @promoting a healthy and regular digestion of the food, prevents a recurrence of those symptoms of ### ####### disorder, ##################### of the brain, singing noise in the ears, head‐ache, @@c. They @are an excellent aperient, without griping or prostration of strength, create appetite, relieve languor, and invigorate the spirits, while to the free liver or sedentary they o@ﬀer advantages that will not fall to be ######################################################################################################################################################################### DRUGGISTS.-To be@@ SOLD the LEASE, Goodwill, Stock, and Fixtures of an old-established CHEMIST'S SHOP, situate in one of the leading thorough- fares near t@he city, and in the miidst of a highly respectable and po- pulous neighbourhood. The shop from its excellent situation pre- sents a most desirable opportunity for any young @@man wishin@g to em- bark in the business possession may be had immediately.-For ################################################## apply to Messrs. Hearon, Bright, and Co., 93, Bishopsgate- ###### Meyrick, solicitor, 4, Furnival's‐inn. ############################################################################# Chinese, surpassing in extent and grandeur any similar display in the known world, en- tirely @ﬁlling the spacious saloon, 225 feet in length, and embracing upwards of 50 @ﬁgures as large as life, all fac similes, in their native costumes, from the highest mandarin to the blind mendicant also many thousand specimens, illustrating the appearance, manners, and customs of more than three hundred millions Chinese, is NOW OPEN, from 10 till @10.-Admittance. 2s. 6d. children under twelve, 1s. T HE SMALLEST and MOST PERFECT HORSE NOW EXHIBITING at the COSMORAMA ROOMS, 209, Regent‐street. This extraordinary little wonder of nature sur- passes any animal of the kind ever yet seen, is very docile, and mea- sures only 30 inches high. This beautiful miniature horse is to be SOLD by Private Contract on moderate terms.-For particulars ap- ply at the o@ﬃce of the Cosmorama. Admission, 1s. Children, half price. M ANUFACTURERS' RELIEF COMMIT-@@@@ TEE.-The Committee appointed to manage the Subscriptions and Collections making ############################################## of the Distressed Manufac- turers respectfully announce that they continue to receive and apply, according to their best ability, the Contributions of the Benevolent. Individual Subscriptions already advertised to the amount of £24,540 5 4 Received s@ince the last advertisement ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### The Collections made at the Churches. Chapels, and Parishes, were paid, by the direction of the Queen's Letter, into the Bank of England, and have been duly acknowledged by the Cashiers as they were from time to time received from the resident or o@@ﬃciating Minister. The Manufacture@rs' Relief Committee will, at the conclusion of their labours, lay before the Public their Re@port and Balance Sheet. Committee Room, 74, King William‐street, City where, and by Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths, bankers, Subscriptions are re- ceived. W. H. HYETT, Sec. @Dec. 31, 1842. T HE PIRIE TESTIMONIAL.-The Committee have determined to CLOSE the SUBSCRIPTIONS for the Testimonial to Sir John and Lady Pirie on Tuesday, the 10th day of January, after which a List o@f the Subscribers will be published, and a General Meeting of them will be held to resolve upon the Testimo- nial to be presented. Subscriptions are continued to be received by the Treasurers, William Cotton, George Grote, John Masterman, and Joseph Somes, Esqrs. also by the Members of the Committee and by the Bankers, Messrs. Masterman and Co. Messrs. Sir Richard Carr Glyn a@nd Co. and Messrs. Prescott, Grote, and Co. and by Mr. Anderton, 20, New Bridge‐street and Mr. Edward Harrison, 82, Cornhill, to who@m all communications are requested to be addressed. JAMES AND@ERTON.RTON. EDWARD HARRISON, ###################################################################### a most delightful part of one of the Midland Counties. It is established in a village contain- ing upwards of 1,000 persons, and extends over a well and respectably populated neighbourhood. Most satisfactory reasons will be given for the party's retiring. Price moderate.-Apply to Mr. G. W. Hebb, solicitor, Lincoln. U MB@RELLA TRADE, c., to be SOLD.-The @@LEASE, with a valuable business established on the pre- mises about twenty-@ﬁve years, of UMBRELLA MAKER, FISHING TACKLE, and ARCHERY, c., in one of the best situations at the west‐end of London, to be DISPOSED OF by Private Contract. There are about eight hundred regular customers, amongst whom are many of the @ﬁrst families in the kingdom.-For terms apply to Mr. Joaeph Foot, of Spital‐square, silk manufacturer or Mr. Star- ling, 40, Leicester‐square, if by letter, prepaid. D ########################## No. 2.-The Lords Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury having declared the letting of the DUBLIN DOCK WAREHOUSES which took place on the 1st December, 1842, to be void, the PRE- MISES will be again o@ﬀered to be LET by AUCTION, in the Long Room of the Custom‐house, Dublin, on Wednesday, January 25, at Two in the Afternoon, subject to the conditions and stipulations contained in the particulars issued on the former occasion, except as regards t@he term of the Lease, which will commence on the 8th February next, and end on the 29th September, 1862, determinable at the option of either party on the 29th September, 1848, or on the 29th September, 1855, on giving the one to the other six months notice in writing.-Copies of the said particulars may be seen on application to the respective Collectors of the Customs at Dublin, Liverpool, Bristol, Hull, Newcastle, Plymouth, Belfast, Cork, Limerick, Waterford, Londonderry, Galway, Sligo, Leith, Glasgow, and Greenock, and at the O@@ﬃces of the Solicitor for the Customs in Dublin and London. F ANCY SPANIELS.-BARGAIN.-A Black a@@@@nd Tan, and a Black and White and Tan, very small, and had t@he distemper also an Italian Greyhou@nd, to be SOLD #################### at 7, Arlington‐Street, Myddelton‐square, Clerkenwell, near the Angel, Islington. No dealers to apply. @@G OLD CLOCK, value 120 Guineas, to be DISPOSED OF by SUBSCRIPTION. Two Guineas each.-To @be se@en at Mr. Shotter's, the BalticTavern, Hercules‐passage. Thread- needle‐street. @W ATCHES by WEBSTER and SON, Chrono-@@ meter Makers to the Lords of the Admiralty, established ########################################################################################################################################################## Hunting or Riding, on an improved principle, for ################################################################################################## prices, consistent with maintaining that character for su- periority of workmanship which has distinguished their establish- ment during that period. The compensated duplex Watch, upon the principle of their Chronometers, to which Government awarded the prizes three successive years, combines perfect accuracy with ele- gance, and is not surpassed by the pocket Chronometer. W. and Son have devoted great attention to the patent lever Watch, and @consi@derably reduced the price, together with the small @horizontal for ladies. They can o@ﬀer a large selection of Second‐hand Watches, at little above half the original cost. The utmost value allowed for old Watches in exchange. The most experie@nced workmen in the repairing department are employed on the premises for foreign and English manufacture.-Webster and Son, 3, Birchin‐lane, ##################################### NEW PATENT WATCH re-@ peats correctly, and can be wound up without a key. The Queen's Letters Patent have been obtained for this useful and very novel invention, which winds up by pendant, and is an excellent re- peater, not being liable to get out of repair. It will also give the time of any event within thirty hours after its occurrence. It has Massey's patent lever escapement, which, as an article of commerce, is of national importance, and has been proved to b@@e the best con- stru@cted pocket watch that can possibly be made. In silver cases, eight guineas gold, eighteen guineas.-4, Birchin‐lane, and 89, Strand. P LATE suited for PRESENTATION.-Com- mittees or private individuals requiring splendid or simple articles of PLATE for presentation, may, by addressing a paid letter, have drawings sent for their approval. A number of large articles, as Epergnes, Cups, Waiters, @c@., are always in stock, second‐hand. A list of them, with price, can be furnished.-T. COX SAVORY, silversmith, c., 47, Cornhill seven doors from Gracechurch‐street , London. D EANEAN PLATE.-The DEANEAN PLATE has all the whiteness, and much more than the du- rability of silver. The spoons and forks manufactured of this beauti- ful metal, are of precisely the same shape and @ﬁnish as the best Lon- don @@made silver plate. @@The tea and co@ﬀee sets, table and chamber candlesticks, waiters, cake baskets, bottle stands, snu@ﬀers, and trays are all of the newest fashion, and highest @ﬁnish.-Deane's, opening to the Monument, 46, King William‐street, London‐bridge. P LATE.-A. B. SAVORY and SONS, Manufac- turing Silversmiths, 14, Cornhill, London, opposite the Bank of England.-The best wrought SILVER SPOONS and FORK@@S Fiddle Pattern, 7s. 2d. per ounce the King's Pattern, 7s. 4d. per ounce. The following are the weights recommended, but the arti- cles may be had lighter or heavier, at the same price per ounce -FIDDLE PATTERN. ############################################### the scienti@ﬁc improvement@ in the manufac- ture of Plate Glass a considerable reduction has been e@ﬀected in its cost, and consequently THOMAS FOX is enabled to @oﬀer his Chim- ney, Pier, and Console Glasses at very much lower prices than be- fore. His stock comprises the simplest as well as the richest and most elaborate Gothic, Grecian, Elizabethan, and French styles of framing the quality is of the very best description, and he pledges himself to exchange any article should a reasonable objection arise. Many second‐hand glasses on hand at a great reduction from the new tari@ﬀ prices.-Thomas Fox, 93, Bishopsgate‐street‐within. N EW YEAR'S GIFTS.-Ladies and Gentle- men's Rosewood and Mahogany DRESSING CASES £1 1 0 ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## A price current, stamped as a newspaper, illustrated by drawings, and containing every information relative to the purchase of silver or She@@ﬃeld plate, may be had on application, or will be sent into the country, free of postage, in answer to a paid letter. V ELVET CARDINAL CLOAKS, trimmed with@@ fur, are an elegant toilet and much in vogue. The liberal patronage Messrs. J. and J. HOLMES and LE BATARD have re- ceived for this beautiful costume, induces them to hope they have produced these unique articles with that good taste ## has ob- tained for their house a notoriety it is their constant endeavour to merit and to those desirous of a souvenir for this season of the year, they are particularly worthy of notice.-Foreign and British Shawl Emporium, 171, 173, and 175, Regent‐street. ######################### invites the Public to an inspection of his superior TWELFTH CAKES, feeling con@ﬁdent the superior quality, large assortment, and low prices will give unusual satisfaction rich quality, handsomely or- na@mented, 2s. to 2s. 6d. per lb. @ﬁne quality , 1s. 6d. per lb. su- peri@@or quality cakes for children, 1s. per lb. iced and ornamented, 1s. 3d. A distribution of Twelfth Cakes at 2 guineas, 1 guinea, and ½ guinea e@ach, to be drawn on Twelfth‐day shares, 2s. 6d. each. -J. Turner, 67, Bishopsgate@‐within, and 4, Queen's‐row, Dalston. -A show room of the prize cakes open to inspection. T EAS in six pound bags at 3s.4d. and 3s. 10d. per@@ pound, black or green and C@oﬀee at 1s. and 1s, 4d.-The East India Tea Company have eﬀected a further reduction in prices of from 2d. to 6d. per pound and in bearing down the market for the bene@ﬁt of their numerous agents, friends, and connections, read the monopolisers of tea this useful lesson-that they had better have been contented with moderate gains.-No. 9, Great St. Helen's, Bishops- gate‐street. D AVIES'S CANDLES, 6d. per lb. Wax Can-@@ dles, 1s. 2d. @ﬁne Wax, 1s. 5d. Cocoa Nut, 10d. extra @ﬁne Wax Wick Moulds, 7@½d. transparent Wax, 2s. 2d. genuine Sperm, 2s. 2d. genuine Wax, 2s. 3d. Yellow Soap, 46s., 54s., and 60s. per 112@lbs. Mottled, 62s. and 66s, Windsor, 1s. 4d. per packet Palm, 1s. 4d. Old Brown Windsor, 1s. 9d. Rose, 2s. Camphor, 2s. Almond, 2s. 6d. super@ﬁne Sealing Wax, 4s. 5d. per lb. genuine Sperm Oil, 7s. 6d. per gallon Solar Oil, 4s. For cash, at DAVIES'S old‐established warehouse, 63, @St. Martin's‐lane, opposite New Slaughter's ############### RESPIRATOR.-A GENIAL CLIMATE@@ in ENGLAND.-@HENRY WILSON requests Asthmatic, ############## and all persons delicate in the chest, to examine the nu-merous testimonials in his possession of persons able to enjoy health, and follow their avocations or pleasures in England, under the use of t@he Respirator, who would otherwise be compelled to leave the country, or to hasten their decay by constant con@ﬁnement within doors. Hundreds have become so well under ################# to lay it aside even in the winter, and it is such evidence which causes the use of it to make progress against a prevailing and interested opposition in quarters where it would be little suspected.-Respirator Depot, 148, Regent‐street, London. B EST TEETH.-Mr. WITT, ############################### near Chancery‐lane , supplies the BEST ######### TEETH of every description they are @ﬁxed without springs, wires, or ligatures, and without extracting roots or causing the least pain, and restore articulation and mastication. This newly- invented teeth never change colour or decay, and will be found very superior to any ever before used they so perfectly resemble nature as not to be distinguishable by the closet observer, and will support and preserve teeth that are loose. Teeth, which from accident or disease@@@ the gums, have fallen out, are @ﬁxed and again ren@dered useful. Decayed teeth likewise made serviceable to mastication.-Mr. Witt has reduced his charges to the lowest scale, and are as mo- derate as can possibly be, consistent with the best workmanship, ######################################################### home from Ten OR STOPPING DECAYED TEETH.-Price 4s. 6d.-Patronised by her Majesty, his Royal ############################################################## the tooth for life, rendering extraction un- necessary. It arrests all further progress of decay, and renders them again useful in mastication. All persons can use Mr. Thomas's Suc- cedaneum themselves with ease, without the aid of a dentist as full directions@ are enclosed.-Prepared@ and sol@d by Mr. Thomas, surgeon- dentist, 68, Berners‐street, Oxford‐street@@ sold, by his appointment, by all respectable medicine ################## @AUTION to LADIES.-Much pernicious trash@@ is now o@ﬀered for sale as KALYDOR freque@ntly under the implied sanction of Royalty by perfumers of apparent respecta- ###### ### copy the ##### ########################################################################################################################################################################### have authorised the Proprietors@ Signature to be engraven on ### ################################### ####### and ############################################################################################################################################################## LEAVES.-VINE@@R'S ########### VERBENA LEAVES for imparting to the atmo@sphere of apartments the delicious perfume of that favourite exotic the Ver- bena Plant, and for correcting the impurity occasioned by respira tion, ################# and noxious vapours from candles and other burning substances, thereby converting a ################ into a sa- ########## Wi@th ######## for use, price 1s. per packet, at Messrs. Sanger's. #################### Stocken, Quadrant@ Prout, ####################### Cornhill and at the principal houses.-Wholesale at ####################################################################################################### HE PREMIER COMPOSITION of ########## WILLIAMS'S PATENT FRENCH POLISH REVIVER.-It will be found a great saving of time ######## #### expe@nse, by merely rubbing a few drops occasionally on the furniture‐like oil. It does not only preserve the polish, but adds to its splendour, and causes no disagreeable smell, which is the case with all other ################# is @used in the royal palaces, and is appreciated by thousands. One trial will be a suﬃcient guarantee for its utility.-SoId in bottles, 1s. 3d. Wholesale, by Hannay and Co., ################# Barclay and ####################### Batty and ################################################## and Italian ############################################################################## are also selling from 2s. @11d. to 3s. 6d. also good watered mo- reens as low as @10½d. and chintz furnitures, ############# Their stock of Brussels carpets consists of a ####### good quality, commencing as low as 2s. 6d. per yard, those of new and elegant designs from 3s. to 3s. 11d., and those of very mag- ################################################################################################ as low as 2s. @6d. per yard, those ####### from 3s. to 3s. 11d., and those of very mag- ni@ﬁcent patterns and qualities, such as are usually charged 5s. 6d., from 4s. 2d. to 4s. 6d. T. P. and Co. also invite attention to their large assortment of gilt window cornices, brass rods, deep ornamental drapery fringes, gimps, laces, and every other description of modern elegance suited for either drawing or dining room curtains.-Thomas Paul and Co., cabinet‐makers, upholsterers, and carpet‐manufac- turers, opposite the Mansion House, City of London. C @LOAKS and CARDINALS. -Cardinal cloak@@s, 17s. 6d. rich satin cardinals, 42s. Genoa silk velvet cardinals, 52s. 6d. and 63s. each promenade cloaks, 17s. 6d. to 25s. each, worth 30s. to 40s. each Genoa silk velvet carriage cloaks lined throughout and trimmed with fur, 3½ guineas each, worth eight guineas each rich silk and satinette carriage cloaks lined throughout and trimmed with fur, two guineas each a choice of upwards of a thousand new ########################################## velvet shawls, and scarfs. SABLE FURS.-Fur Cloaks, richest sable tail boas at half price capes and mu@ﬀs Russian sable boas, 30s. @ﬂat ########################## capes, two guineas Canada sables Vic- torine and riding boas, 5s. to 10s. 6d. Russian fox, 7s. to 15s. Russian ermine, 5s. to 21s. long Canada sable boas, 9s. 6d. to 15s. Missouri sable, 12s. 6d. to 17s. @6d. each carriage mu@ﬀs, rugs, fur gloves, cu@@ﬀs carriage cloaks of silk velvet, lined and ########### 3½ guineas.-G. Merington's, 154, New ###################### AUNDERS'S INDIA PALE ALE.-CHAM-CLAYTON, Wine Merchants, 19 and 27, King- street, Cheapside, have the pleasure of informing their friends and the public, that they have undertaken the agency for the above ad- mired and increasingly popular beverage and are now enabled to o@ﬀer it in cask an@d bottle, in @ﬁne and sparkling condition. Being entirely free from acidity, and possessing a pure and unadulterated bitter, it is professionally recommended as a salutary and agreeable tonic. Country favours are requested to contain a reference in London. S #################################### GOLDEN ALES.-WILLIAM GOW and CO., the ap- pointed agents for bottling these celebrated ALES, now beg to o@ﬀer them ripe in bottle quarts and pints , as well as in casks of various sizes, in high condition. The fermentation of these liquors being conducted upon a principle which renders them entirely free from acidity, has br@@ought them under the notice of several of the most eminent physicians in London, to whom W. Gow and Co. have the honour of referring. Invalids generally will @ﬁnd these ales an agree- able and invigorating beverage.-22, Hungerford Wharf, Strand. R OYAL COGNAC BRANDY.-Mr. GRIM- BLE, who has been the managing partner in this concern, begs to acquaint the Public that, in consequence of the great im- provements he has, by his unwearied exertions, been enabled to make in the quality of the article, it will in future be known in commerce at GRIMBLE'S ROYAL COGNAC BRANDY, -The strong recommendation it has received from medical professors and surgical operators, and its use in many of the metropolitan hospitals, are a guarantee to the public for its purity and wholesome qualities whilst the patronage bestowed upon it by noblemen and gentlemen of high standing in society, and good taste and judgment, added to its extensive consumption in the mercantile world, are a su@@ﬃcient evidence of its agreeable @ﬂavour and general excellence indeed. Mr. Grimble is borne out by the full concurrence of his cus- tomers in stating that the article has continually improved from its @ﬁrst introduction. As a pure Brandy, and as conducive to health, it challenges competition with the most expensive productions of the Continent, and it requires an experienced judge to distinguish it in @ﬂavour from the veritable Cognac. The price is, as heretofore, 18s. per gallon, in quantities of not less than two gallons, or 3@6s. per dozen being two full imperial gallons , with the usual charge for bottles.-Distillery, Albany‐street, Regent's Park. W M. YOUNG FELL and CO. feel much @ﬂat- tered that their names, in connection with their brandy distillery in the Waterloo‐read, Lambeth, were to brilliantly dis- played in Punch's Pantomime, at Covent‐garden Theatre. There ############## spirited, pantomimic performance without Punch, but not good punch without W. Y. Fell and Co.'s superior BRANDY, of which two gallons can be purchased for 32s. and Gin- ger Brandy at 30s, at 26, Friday‐street, and at the distillery. I NDIA PALE ALE.-@HARPER and Co., wine- merchants, the appointed agents to Bass and Co., Burton upon- Trent, ### to inform their friends that t@heir Stock of BASS'S INDIA ALE is now in good condition, and can be supplied in any quantity, in casks as well as quart and pint bottles. Also Burton Ale, Stout, and ################ ## bottle.-2. Cowper's‐court, Cornhill. A LE of very superior quality, brewed entirely from the very best malt and hops, an@d in such proportions as persons of nice palates will be sure to appreciate, sold in ############### nine gallons each, at 1s. per gallon. Sent to any part of town car- riage free. Orders by post punctually attended to.-Address to the John Bull Brewery o@@ﬃce. No. 20, Philpot‐lane, City. @B ASS'S PALE ALE, as prepared for India.-@@F@@IELD, WARDELL, and CO., after devoting great attention to bottli@@ng this much admired A@LE, can now o@ﬀer it to their friends and the public, in the greatest state of perfection. Scotch and Bur- ton Ales, London and Guineas's Dublin ########## with th@eir Foreign Wines and ############## Burton Ale, Stout, and Porter in ##### ## 1s gallons.-22, Hen-@ ##################################################################################################################################################################################################### Saturday next, the 7th of January being the @ﬁrst Saturday in the year this paper the ############ journal in Great Britain will RESUME ITS ORIGINAL NAME of THE TABLET, and ################################################################################## of Peter ############################################################ ################################### Laman Blanchard, Esq. MY GRANDFATHER'S DREAM. A Tale founded on fact. BY JAMES SHERIDAN KNOWLES, ESQ.@@@@ Extracts from My Indian Diary. ################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Mrs. Trollope. Illustrated ################## EL@LISTONIANA@ Or, Original Anecdotes of the late R. W. Elliston, Esq. By W. T. Moncrie@@ﬀ, Esq. No. 1. Conjuror and No Conjuror-2. The Genius of the Lamp-3. Measure for Measure-4. The Sanguinary Public-5. ############################################################################# able, conveni@ently, to procure it through a local newsvender, may be supplied direct from the o@@ﬃce, 6, Catherine‐street, Strand, by sending a Post‐o@@ﬃce order, with the subscriber's name and ad- dress. Terms of @subscri@ption payable in advance yearly, £1 6s. half‐yearly, 13s. quarterly, @6s. @6d. Publishing o@@ﬃce, @6, Catherine- street, Strand, London, where advertisements are received, and whither all communications must be addressed pre‐paid .-Orders re- ceived by all newsmen and booksellers. ######################################################################################################################################################################### favourable opportunity for ################## who may d@esire to take in THE ################### to give their orders without delay to their to #################################################################################### pointed to India, may, on application to Messrs. GRINDLAY, CHRISTIAN, and MATTHEWS, obtain ESTIMATES showing at one view the total expense of Equi@pment and Passage, both by sea and overland. Plans and particulars of all ships under despatch may also be had at either of their o@@ﬃces, 16, Cornhill, or 8, St. Martin's- place, Charing‐cross. B Y her MAJESTY'S ROYAL LETTERS PA- TENT for the MORPHOTYPE or MOULD of FORM for MEASURING the HUMAN FIGURE.-JOHN LESLIE, by special @Appointment, TAILOR to her MAJESTY and the ROYAL FAMILY, 60, Conduit‐street, London. JOHN LESLIE has the honour to announce to the Nobility, Gentry, and the Public that he has received her Majesty's Royal Letters Patent for England, Scotland, and Ireland, for Machinery, which, without any personal inconvenience, in a few seconds takes and retains the exact model of every variety of the human @ﬁgure. These Machines, after mu@ch labour an@d expense, he has now brought to great per- fection-thus superseding the old and uncertain methods of mea- suring for clothing. The practical experience of this Machinery has unfolded such im- mense advantages in precision and economy, that it has required much deliberation as to the plan to be adopted to give full e@ﬀect to it and the result is, that it will be impossible to work these Patents most advantageously to the public and himself under the combined system of credit and ready‐money transactions. It is, therefore, most respectfully announced, that his future busi- ness will be conducted entirely upon immediate cash payments, with- out any discounts, abatements, or deductions whatever. For the immense outlay of money in the perfection of these Patents he seeks a remuneration-not in monopoly charges, which patent rights may give but from the facilities they a@ﬀord him, and from an improved mode of transacting business on the soundest com- mercial principles The reputation of the house of business, for nearly half a century, it is hoped will be a suﬃci@ent guarantee to those who may honour him with their commands, that they will obtain the very choicest goods in Woollens, Silks. Velvets, Embroideries, @@c. @@c., in the ma- nufacture of personal and household clothing, as well as in every de- scription of Court costume, Military, Naval, and Diplomatic. Uni- forms, executed in such a manner as the Patentee trusts will give the highest satisfaction, and receive the approbation of the public. London, 60. Conduit‐street, January, 1843. -1. Schiller, Life and Lyrical Com- positions. 2. Hymns and La@ys of Ancient Germany. 3. Validity of Popular Judgment. 4. Life and Times of Savonarola. 5. French Academy of Sciences. 6. Modern Turkish Travellers. 7. Chinese Characteristics. 8. Tari@ﬀ-Commercial Policy, Home and Abroad. 9. Spain as it is. 10. Treaty with China. 11. Origin of the Red Indians. 12. Poets and Poetry of America. 13. Life of Jean Paul Richter. Critical Sketches. Reviews, Correspondence and Latest Intelligence, Foreign and Colonial, Books recently published on the Continent, @@c. London Whittaker and Co., Ave Maria‐lane and may be had by order, of all booksellers. T@@ HE FOREIGN QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. LX., price 6s. CONTENT@S 1. Ho@ﬀmeister on Schiller 2. Gutzkow's Letters from Paris 3. Socrates and the Sophists of Athens 4. Balzac's ' Provincial Bachelor' 5. The Countess Hahn Hahn's Travels 7. George Sand's ' Consuelo' 8. The King of Saxony's Travels in Montenegro 9. Alfred de Musset's ' White Thrush' 10. Klopstock 11. The Newspaper Press of France Literature-Poland. Short Reviews of New Works. Foreign Correspondence, Intelligence, ########################################################################################################## Intelligence, c. Chapman and Hall, 186, Strand and Longman, Brown, and Co., Paternoster‐row.@@ MUSICAL NOTICE.-Now ready, T HE PIANISTA for JANUARY, No. 25.-Con- tents The Christmas Quadrilles, containing Jack Frost, the Icicle, Snow‐drop, Holly, and Mistletoe‐bough. Also, the Twelfth night Waltzes, with Characters, Punch's Galop, and Judy's graceful Mazurkas. Barnett's New Song for Winter, Twelve Scotch Reels and Strathspeys, and the Merry Bells Ringing the Chinese Victory. The whole for 2s. Post free, 2s. @6d., by addressing the Editor, 23, Pater- noster‐row. Notice.-The Proprietor of the@@@@ Pianista presents gratis to pur- chasers of Nos. 24 and 25, all the Music in @@@King Arthur. No. 25 begins a new volume, and presents a good opportunity for new subscribers. Sherwoods Gange, 19, Poultry and Te@@mpleman, 248, Regent‐street. T HE GENTLEMAN'S MAGAZINE for JA- NUARY 1843, the First Number of a New Volume, contains the @ﬁrst of a series or articles on the Foundation of Religious Houses in@@ #################################################### new and improved principle, recommended and personally used by the most eminent physicians and army surgeons, admirably adapted for strengthening the loins ####################################### what it is, and what it ought to be-Errors in Lord Brougham's @@@Political Philosophy -The History of Ferdinando ########## of Barbadoes, the last of the #################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### WASSAIL BOWL. By ALBERT SMITH, Esq. Richard Bentley, New Burlington‐street. To be had at all the ######################################################################################## admirable narrative.@ ##################################################################################################################################################### Richard Bentley, New Burlington‐street, Publisher in ordinary to ############ @. MR. WORLEY'S NEW TRAGEDY. Now ready, in ###################### HENRY T. WORLEY, Esq. Videtis ################## scelere ################## pènitus extincta@m indolem pudoris et ########## -Osorius de ######################## Otley, ########################################################### Price One Shilling, the First Number of T HE LIFE and ADVENTURES of MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT his ########### ######## ############ Comprising all his Wills and his Ways with an Historical Record of What ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### by Boz. With Illustrations by P@hiz. London Chapman and Hall, 18@6, @Strand. SALES BY AUCTION. Dover‐street, Piecadilly. L AHEE and SON respectfully announce that the LEASZ and FURNITURE of No. 10, ############# ################# sale on the 10th of January, are SOLD by Private Contract. -Auction O@@ﬃce, 65, New Bond‐street, December 31, ############## ############## Berks.-Very e@ligible ######## ###################### of various enclosures of superior Meadow and Arable Land, and other Estates, ########################################### SON will SUBMIT to SALE by AUCTION,at the Castle Inn, Wind- sor, on Saturday, January 14, at One, under the will of the late George Proctor, Esq., t@he TWO very valuable FREEHOLD FARMS, nearly surrounding Wink@ﬁeld Church, between Windsor, Maidenhead, and Bracknell, known as Brown's and Goodwin's Farms, which will be subdivided into numerous lots also a very extensive allotment of heath land, lying between King's Beech and Bagshot Park, partly adjoining the Royal preserves. The whole property comprising about 400 acres, and o@ﬀering most eligible occupations and safe investments for capital of various amounts, particularly to adjoining landowners, with many desirable spots for building.-Particulars may be had at the neighbouring inns of Edward Futvoye, Esq., solicitor, Bedford‐row and of Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son, land agents, in Windsor, and Waterloo‐place, Pall‐mall. Leasehold Ground‐rents and Improved Rents, in Bentinck‐street, Cavendish‐square, and Hereford‐street, Park‐lane. @M @ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will @@@@SELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mart, on Wednesday, Jan. 18, at Twelve, by order of the executrix of a lady dec@eased, sundry GROUND RENTS, arising out of houses and premises in Bentinck- street, Cavendish‐square, and Marylebone‐lane, under the Duke of Portland also certain Shares in the Improved Rents of two hand- some Houses in Hereford‐street, Hyde‐park.-Full particulars may be had at the Auction Mart at the Coachmakers' Arms one of the houses of Messrs. Malton and Trollope, solicitors Carey‐street, Lincoln's‐inn and at Messrs. Smith's o@@ﬃces, in Waterloo‐place, ##################################################### preventing rupture, and checking increase of corpulency to those inclined to that habit, but alike comfortable and bene@ﬁcial to thin as well as stout ############################################################## with a Plate‐Co@@ﬃn of Sutton, the Feunder of the Charter‐house-Recent Discoveries In Subterranean London-Review of Hewitt's Germany-Poems by the late Marquess Wellesley, @c. With Li- terary and Scienti@ﬁc Intelligence‐Reports of Antiquarian and Ar- chitectural Societies-Historical Chronicle-Obituary, with Memoirs of Sir M. O'Loghlen, Sir John Cross, General Sir G.T. Walker, Rev. Dr. Heath, Lady Callcott, Mr. William Hone, Mr. John Varley, @@c. Price 2s. @6d. W. Pickering, Piccadilly. ################################################################ ing the loins and abdomen, in riding or other exercise, preventing rupture, checking increase of corpulency. and giving remarkable comfort in general wear, both to thin as well as stout persons. Made by the inventor, S K. SALAMAN, tailor and breeches‐maker, 19. Charing‐cross, two doors from Craig's‐court. Riding trousers cut upon an improved plan, which renders them extremely pleasant with or without braces. The new light waterproof cape and coat, adapted to all climates, seasons, and constitutions. B ##################################### Series.-No. I. contains Opening Address to the Reader -Life of St. Elizabeth of Hungary, by Ambrose Lisle Philli@ps, Esq. -The Nave of the Church, Chapter I.-The Third of May, a Legend of the East and of the West, in two parts‐Ane Oratioune made be Master Quintin Kennedy, Commendator of Crorsraguel-Letter fro@m the Prince Bishop or Trent on the Saintly Maria Do@menica Lazari, of Capriani-Homilies of St. Bede the Venerable and St. Leo Pope, ############################################### Poenitentiary, ##################### C. Dolman, New Bond‐street, and T. Jones. Paternoster‐row. Just published, price 2s., Part I., 112pp. 8vo. of the C HYMICAL GAZETTE or, Journal of Prac@@-@ tical Chymistry, conducted by WILLIAM FRANCIS and HENRY CROFT, late Students in the Universities of Berlin and Giessen, containing upwards of one hundred articles of consierable practical importance to the manufacturer, chemist, and druggist. Also, No. 5, published on the 31st December, price 6d. stamped edition 7d. , containing, among other articles of interest, the following -On the Manufacture of Oxalic Acid, with tests for impurities‐On Syrup and Pills of the Iodide of Iron-Action Water on Haloid Salts-Urine in Morbus Brightii-Use of Sulphurous Acid in Analysis, @@c. @@c. R. and J. E. Taylor, Red Lion‐court, Fleet‐street and all book- sellers. B ################################################## @ﬁrst and se- cond @ﬂoors are @ﬁtted up as Show rooms. BELLAMY SAVORY, Stationer and Dressing-case-maker.-British Paper Warehouse, 46, Cornhill, London. D ################################### CAEDIES, @@c.-STOCKEN, 53, Quadrant.-Portable dressing cases in russia or ######## containing razor strop, comb, and shaving brush, for 10s. 6d. rosewood or mahogany dressing cases, from 18s. 6d. to 170 guineas ladies' dressing cases with silver @ﬁttings, from seven guineas writing and dressing cases repaired and re@ﬁtted work boxes, mahogany and rosewood writing desks of every description travelling writing cases, from 12s. @6d. best Lond@on razors, penknives and sc@issors, despatch boxes, letter and key boxes, papier maché blotting books and envelope cases, and card ############### No. 53, Quadrant, Regent‐street, next door to Swan and Edgar's.-Ob- serve the name. ####################################### MACHINIST.-Now ready, TWO NEW PARTS, price 14s. each, containing folio plates and quarto letter press de- scriptions of the Thames Tunnel and Shield by Sir Izambard Mark Brunel-Land and Marine Steam Engines-Cranes and Dredging Ma- chinery by the Messrs. Rennie, c. For the Use of Students and Professors in Civil Engineering@@@@@@. Ackerman and Co., Strand Weale, High Holborn Kirton, No. 1, Great Portland‐street, Oxford‐street and all booksellers. This day is published, price 10s. 6d., P ROFESSIONAL EXCURSIONS. By an AUCTIONEER. London Alfred Greenlan@d, 4, Old Broad‐street, ##################################################### and BEDDING, CARRIAGE FREE, and ﬁxed, re@gardless of distance, in any part of the coun- try. Town resident@ treated with the same liberality as hereto- fore. You will save, at least, one‐third the usual expence, and all the usual trouble, by selecting from our immense stock. By our book of estimates, which contains the price of each item, shows the cost of each room, and may be had gratis, postage free, you will @ﬁnd that we furnish a four‐roomed house well and completely for £25 a six‐roomed ditto elegantly for £79 a ten‐roomed ditto luxuriously for £178 and a twelve‐roomed ditto superbly for £335 a single room or a single article equally mo- derate the whole warranted. We request the special attention of country residents to the important fact announced at the commence- ment of this advertisement. Shippers also, at this factory, save the usually great expense of packing.-PAINTER and CO., 28, Leicester- square, near Charing‐cross. EST BRUSSELS CARPETS at 3s. 6d. per@@ yard.-A rare opportunity just now o@ﬀers to purchasers of CARPETS. Selection from a stock of several hundred pieces of the newest style, chie@ﬂy Comber patterns and three‐thread grounds, in fact, the heaviest goods made expressly for an established trade, and have never been sold under 5s. per yard, being the stock of Mr. W. Hopper, of Great Queen‐street, Lincoln's inn, purchased of his as- signees by HARVEY and Co., and now on sale at their General Fur- nishing Warehouses, Lambeth House, Nos. 41, 42@, 43, 44, Westmin- ster‐bridge‐road, near the Marsh‐gate.-N.B. Be particular in observ- ing the name, Harvey and Co., Lambeth House. D RAWING and DINING ROOM CURTAINS and Carpets.-THOMAS PAUL and CO. invite the attention of the Nobility and Gentry to this very important branch of their establishment, which o@ﬀers advantages not to be met with at any other house in London. They are now selling rich royal damasks, in beautiful variety, at 1s. @6d. per yard, and those of two colours, evi- dencing a most silk‐like appearance, some as low as 1s. 4d. per yard the richest silk and satin striped tabbarets , worth 4s. 6d. per yard, they are also selling from 2s. 11d. to ################### as low as ##### 6½d. Their stock of Brussels carpets consists of a ################################################################################################################################## By W. LEWIS, A. H. Baily and Co , 83, Cornhill. 13, Great Marlborough‐street. M RS. TROLLOPE'S STORY of the NEW POOR‐LAW, entitled JESSIE PHILLIPS.-Part I is now ready, price one shilling. Illustrated by Leech, and embellished with a @ﬁne portrait of the Authoress. To be completed in twelve monthly shilling parts.-Orders received by all booksellers and newsvendor@@@@s. Henry Colburn, ############## Great Marlborough‐street. THE TWO POPULAR NOVELS OF THE SEASON. T H@E POPE and the ACTOR. By the Author@@ of Seymour or Sudley, Thirst for Gold, @@c. @@@Every page teems with beautifully expressed incident -Argus. Constructed with the skill of a Fielding, and framed with all the power of a Miss Porter. -Bell's Messeng@er.@@ It is a production of no ordinary merit. @-Morning Herald. T@he plot is admirably constructed-the composition of the sub- ject complete. -Court Journal. The best historical novel of the year. -Athenaeu@m. Miss Ellen Pickering's New Novel, Sir ################ By the Author of The Fright, Cha- rades ############################################# REV. H@ENRY BLUNT'S WORKS FOR FAMILY READING. A N EXPOSITION of the PENTATEUCH. Part II., Exodus and Leviticus, 6s. in cloth. Second Edition, Part I., Genesis, is now ready, 6s. in cloth. @@Sermons preached at Trinity Church, Upper Chelsea. Fifth edi- tion, 12@mo. 6s. cloth.-Lectures on the History of Elisha. Price 5s. @6d. in cloth. Fourth edition.-On Jacob. Fifteenth edition. 4s. 6d.-On St. Peter. Sixteenth edition. 4s. @6d.-On Abraham. Tenth edition. 5s. 6d.-On St. Paul. Ninth edition. Two vols. 5s. @6d. each.-On Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ. Three vols. 5s. @6d. each. Eighth edition.-Discourses on Some of the Doctrinal Articles of the Church of England. Eighth edition.@ 5s. 6d.-Expo- sition of the Epistles to the Seven Churches. Third edition. 5s. 6d. cloth.-Also Two Sermons on the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Eighth edition. 1s.-Trial of the Spirits. Sixth edition. 1s. 6d. Messrs. Hatchard and Son, Piccadilly and Messrs. Hamilton, Adams, and Co., Paternoster‐row. The Twenty‐eighth Edition of @1,000 each. F LETCHER'S FAMILY DEVOTION con- taining the Morning and Evening Service of a Family for Every Day throughout the Year. Embellished #### Author, and Sixteen elegant Engravings. Bound in cloth, gilt edges, price £1 6s. Also, a splendid Edition, in royal 4to., ################ the following distinguished ########################################### the County of Essex.-By Messrs. HOGGART and NORTON, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, January 13, at Twelve, by direction of a mortgagee,@@@ T HE LIFE ESTATE of Sir F. Vincent, Bart., under a power of sale, in the rentals and income arising from and out of the Debden Estate, farms, mansion, park, furniture, and e@ﬀects, timber and underwood. It appears that the present income is about £4,400 per annum, of ample amount to secure the interest upon the mortgages, and sundry annuities, leaving @@surplus of about £650 per annum.-Full particulars will be ready @ﬁfteen days prior to the sale, and may be had of Messrs. Pritchard and Col- lett, solicitors, Lincoln's‐inn@‐ﬂelds at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton, 62, Old Broad street, Royal Exchange. Absolute Reversion to One‐fourth Part of Five Copyhold and Free- hold Public‐houses, situate in and near to Colchester, in the county of Essex, on the death of a lady aged 63, and now producing on lease £310 per annum.-By Messrs. HOGGART and NORTON, at the Auction Mart, on Friday, January 13 instead of December 16, as before advertised , at Twelve,welve, T HE Absolute REVERSION, on the death of a lady, aged 63, to one‐fourth part of @ﬁve copyhold and freehold public houses, situate as under -The Red Lion, with stables, yards, garden, @@c., at Thorrington, about nine miles from Colchester the Red Lion, with the brewhouse, stables, @@c., at Folleshunt D'Arcy,ten miles from Colchester the Blue Bell, and nearly an acre of land, at the Old Hythe, in the borough of Colchester the Black Boy, with orchard and premises, at Werleigh, ten miles from Colchester andnd the Half Moon or Weavers' Arms, with cottage and premises adjoin- ing, in Middleburgh‐street, in the borough of@@@@ Colchester. The above houses are all in good trade, and are let on lease for a te@rm of four- teen years from Lady‐day, 1833, at a rental of £310 per annum.-M@ay be viewed by leave of the tenants and particulars had at the Cups, Colchester of Messrs. Pritchard and Collett, ################ at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton, 62, Old Broad‐street. ############################################################# T. Ra@@ﬄes, LL.D., Liverpool. J. Pye Smith, D.D., Ho@m. College. W. B. Collyer, D.D , Peck-ham. J. Morrison, D.D., Chelsea. Adam Thomson, D.D., Cold- stream. J. Harris, D.D., Epsom. Josiah Pratt, B.D., Vicar of St. Stephen's, Coleman- street. G. Collison, D.D., Hackney. F. A. Cox, D.D., Hackney. J. Sherman, Surrey Chapel. J. Young, Albion Chapel. ########################################################### Clay@ton, jun., Hackney. J. A. James, Birmingham. R. Philip, Maberly Chapel. J. Gilbert, Islington. J. Davis, Bristol. G. Legge, Bristol. W. Brown, Bristol. T. Binney, Weigh‐Houss. Samuel Luke, Chester. James Parsons, York. John Ely, Leeds. Samuel Ransom, Hackney. H. Calderwood, Kendal. J. Sibree, Coventry. G. Lawson, Selkirk. ################### Testimonials have also been received from nearly one hundred of the most i@nﬂu@ential clergymen of America. London George Virtue, 26, Ivy‐lane, and all booksellers. ########################################### Property, in the heart of the City of London, producing a rental of nearly ############# an Annuity or £100, payable during the life of the tenant for life.-By Messrs. HOGGART and NORTON, at the Mart, on Friday, January 13, at Twelve, in One Lot, A Very valuable REVERSIONARY INTEREST, expectant upon the death of a lady aged 48 to an important Freehold Property, occupying a large site of ground in the centre of the city of London, comprising nearly the whole of Three King- court, Lombard‐street three dwelling houses and shops, Nos. 5, 6, and 7, Nag's Head‐court, Lombard‐street three dwelling houses, counting houses, and premises, Nos. 1, 2, and 3, on the west side of a passage leading from Three King‐court to Lo@mbard‐street and a dwelling house. No. 4, on the north side of a passage leading into Clement's‐la@ne also the extensive warehouse, dwelling house, and business premises, situate an the north and east sides of a passage leading from Three King‐court into Lombard‐street, on lease to Messrs. Price and Gosnell the whole of this valuable property pro- ducing rentals amounting together to nearly £700 per annum. Also an Annuity of £100, most amply secured payable during the life of the lady aged 48, who is tenant for life, so that the purchaser will be in receipt of an income of £100 per ann. until the death of the life te@nant, when he will become possessed of the valuable property in reversion it i@@s subject to the payment of £3,800 within six months of the death of the tenant for life.-Particulars may be had of Messrs. Maltby and Beachcroft, Old Broad‐street of @Messrs. Bourdillon and Son, Great Winchester‐street at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton, 62, Old Broad@‐street, Royal Exchange. Freehold Rental of £50 per Annum, arising out of a capital Baker's @Shop and Premises, situate at the corner of Walker's‐court, Peter- street, in the parish of St. ########################### HOGGART and NORTON, at the Mart, on Friday, ####### at 12, A Well‐secured FREEHOLD RENTAL of £80 per Annum, arising ###### ## ################### shop and pre- mises, situate in Peter‐street, at the corner of Walker's‐court, in the parish of ######################################### double- fronted shop, with ######### @ﬂour room, and loft over, and ############ ############### attached. The ############ in a very populou@@s ############# and the business now carrying on is of a #### ####### sive nature. The premises are held by Mr. Arthur, a very ##################################################################################################################################################################### at the Auction Mart and of Messrs. Hoggart and Norton, 62, Old Broad‐street, Royal Exch@ange. M R. CAFE and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at their Rooms, Great Marlborough‐street@ @THIS ###################################################### presu@mption, so variously pretty and graceful do they seem to us, and at suitable to the garden bench at to the Christmas ############## for B@@owdery and Kerby of whom may be had, gratis, their Catalogue of the Works of all the most approved ########## the use of young people, and where may be seen the @greatest variety of Bibles, Prayers, and Church Services in very superior @ﬁnished bindings.-190, Ox@ford‐street, between Orchard‐street and Duke‐street. MILLION OF FACTS.-Recently published, price 12s., T HE MILLION of FACTS or, Book of Reference on every ###### ############################### and Political Enquiry. By Sir RICHARD PHILLIPS. Also the following Elementary Books for Schools, price 1s., ########################### By Sir R. Phillips. ################### the Rev. David Blair. FIRST ####### ########## By #################################### GRAMMAR ################## the Rev. J. Goldsmith. Darton and Clark, ############################################################################# day, at 12 precisely, modern FURNITURE comprising four‐post and French bedsteads with chintz hangings, bedding, winged and other wardrobes, chest of drawers, dressing ################## room curtains, rosewood couches, sofas and chairs, loo, card, and work tables, winged cabinets, brilliant ############# sideboards, ############ ###### chairs, library bookcases, tables and chairs. Axminster and Brussels carpets, horizontal, cabinet, and square pianofortes by Broadwood, Clementi, and Zeitter, an euterpion, a ########## pianoforte, a 12ft. billiard table with slate ###### ####### ##################### articles, and kitchen requi- sites.-May be viewed, and catalogues ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ C. J. Lucas and ############################ Two, and from Five till Eight in the evening daily, at their ########## No. 60, Newman‐street, Oxford‐street, London @@and country patients ################# treated, on minutely describing their cases, and enclosing the usual fee of £1 for advice. #################################################################### to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Thursday, January 5, in lots, FIFTY‐FIVE £10 SHARES in the Sons of the Thames. London and Gravesend Iron Steam‐packet Company, with the accruing Di- vidend thereon. The whole amount of the shares has been paid up, and this presents to capitalists an opportunity of secure and lucrative investment.-Particulars may be had at Garraway's and of Mr. Quallett, 28, Parker@@'s‐row, Bermondsey. Albion Club, St. James's‐street.-The excellent Furniture, noble Glasses, a superior Iron‐plate Closet, 5 ft. 6 in. wide, 6 ft. 2 in. high, and 4 ft. 12 in. deep a 12‐ft. Billiard Table, by Thurston@ Sheﬃeld Plate, Table and Bed Linen, elegant China and Cut Glass, a very complete Set of 19 Maps, on spring rollers, in ############################### and STORR are @@@@directed by the Committee of M@anagement of the Albion Club to SELL, upon the Premises, 85, St. J@ame@'s‐street, Pall‐mall on Wednesday, January 4, and following days, at Eleven, all the ex- cellent HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, consisting of #### of 6‐ft. very superior Spanish mahogany dining tables, opening 17 ft. 9 in. card, loo, pembroke, sofa, and co@ﬀee‐room tables sets of very supe- ########################################################################################################################################################### post, free, 3s. 6d., M ANHOOD the Causes of its Pre@mature Decline, with plain directions for its perfect ################### to ##### @suﬀering from the destructive ################################## followed by observations on the ###################################### J. L. CURTIS and CO., consulting surgeons, London.-Published by the Author@s and sold by Burgess, 28, Coven-try‐street, Hay@market Mann, 39, Cornhill Strange, 21, ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## ########################################################################################## Spanish mahogany dining‐room chairs, covered with morocco capital library and reclining chairs, a set of three @mahogany dwarf bookcases, handsome chandeliers and lamps, a @ﬁve‐leafed ############################################################################################## Spanish mahogany frame, secret hinges ################## winged bookcase, a door porter's hall‐chair, ################## servants' bedroom furniture, noble chimney and pier 60 in., 56 by 36, and 46 by 102 in two plates Brussels of very large dimensions ####################################################################### @ﬁtted with twelve iron shelves, ############ a large quantity of table and books, including the leading periodicals the Times from 1814, New Times, Courier, Morning Chronicle, Observer, the @London Gazette from 1814, c. a complete @@@@extensive assortment of copper stew- pans, turbot kettles, stock pots, scuttles, tea kettles, @c. ########## ### Amhurst dinner and dessert services, tea ################### of rich cut glass and cutlery, and a variety of other #### -May be viewed two days previous to the sale, ##### catalogues price 4d. each may be obtained upon the premises and of the Auc- ################################################################################################################################################## all the tari@ﬀ negotiations, but as yet nothing appears to h@ave been decided either one way or the other. Additional in- formation has, I believe, been sought for on both sides, ##### of the two plenipotentiaries took place at the Foreign‐o@@ﬃce on Thursday last it was expected here thatat some further o@ﬀer would be made by the Portuguese negotiator this week, which might lead to a ﬁnal ###### ment of the question, either by the o@ﬀer ############## or rejected but this does ################### done a few days will probably, howe@ver, decide the ################ di@@ﬃculty is no doubt about low ####### upon which it is to be feared that the Portuguese will ########### to give way to the extent required by our ########### if the negotiations are broken o@ﬀ, ################# turn mainly on this point. It is a very di@@ﬃcult question. At present cottons are our great article of im- port here but supposing the Spanish ############# cluded, woollens would pro@bably rank equally high although I fear there is considerable exaggeration in the ideas entertained in England as tothe ######### tugal could take of our woollen goods, were the ######################################################################################################################################################## ########################################################################################################################################################################### In 1840 the ################## the amount of cottons not intended for Por- tuguese consumption at two‐thirds the whole amount, it is probable that the @quantities consumed in this country, of our cotton and woollen goods, do not ######################################################## surrounding a retired Cottage Residence, at Pinner, near Watford, and within a short drive of three stations on the Birmingham Railroad. M ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON are in- structed by the Executors of the late Joseph Sellon, Esq., ##################################################################################### and Uxbridge. It comprises a complete fer@me ###### consisting of about 100 acres, beautifully wooded, surrounding a com- fortable residence on a small scale, with pleasure grounds, garden, @ﬁsh ponds, gardener's cottage, and various convenient buildings at present let on lease to a highly respectable tenant, at a very low rent. -For particulars and cards to view apply to Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son, land agents, in Water@loo‐place, Pall‐mall@@. First‐rate Freehold Landed Investment, near Cirencester, embracing several Capital Tithe‐free Dairy and Stock Farms, well tenanted comprising the principal portion of the Parish of Ashton Keynes with the Manors of the Leigh and South ####### partly bounded by the River Isis. M ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON are instructed to announce that early in@ the ensuing #################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### unless previously disposed of by Private Contract , they ################################################################################################################################## Parisian Breviary-Ecclesiastical Documents, No. I.-Decision of theion@ ##################################################################### important MANORIAL ESTATE of ASHTON KEYNES, within 5 miles of the capital town of Cirencester, 3½ ############ and ten from Wootton Basset comprising the Church Farm, Kent- end, Rickstone, North‐end, and the Leigh Farms, with their superior and substantial houses and homesteads also the Manors of ##### and South Cerney, with @ﬁshery in the river Isis, a public-house, and other properties in the village the whole embracing nearly ########## the greater part rich grass land, and all in the hands of h@ighly respectable tenants.-Mr. Clark, of the Manor Farm, will show the estate and particulars may be known on application to Messrs. Ten- nant, Harrison, and T@ennant or to W. Witham, Esq., solicitor, Gray's inn‐square and of Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son, land agents, in Waterloo‐place, Pall‐mall, and Windsor. In Berkshire.-Valuable Freehold Estate, with a superior Farm Re- sidence or Shooting Box, in a @ﬁne sporting country. M ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON are commissioned to OFFER for @SA@LE, a very desirable and re- markably compact FREEHOLD ESTATE of nearly six hundred acres, let to a highly respectable tenant, in a very favourite and healthy part of Berks, o@ﬀering both an excellent investment and a picturesque sporting domain the principal farm homestead being of a superior character and pleasantly placed nearly in the centre of t@he estate, and without the expense or pretensions of a country seat, is capable of being easily made a very comfortable and gentlemanly residence for a moderate establishment.-For particulars, c., apply at their o@@ﬃces in Waterloo‐place, ####################################################################################################################### January 5, at Twelve for One o'clock, by order of the Directors of the Sun Fire Oﬃce, about 1,100 reams of PAPER, part of which is ################# by @ﬁre, composed of double small‐hand, double small‐small cap, demy, #################### new@s, c.-May be ##################################################################################################################### yarn to a consid@erable extent. The few woollen manufactories established@ here@ are all of ################## in the @ﬁner qualities they do not attempt to compete with us. One branch of our trade, which ##################### by a reduction of duties, ########## trade. The amount now imported is ############ declared value was only £13,419 in 1840. ############ and unwrought, have increased f@rom £22,000 to £62,000 in the last ten years. The duties on hardwares are enormous, a great many articles paying 70 to 100 per cent., and some a g@reat deal more than that. I am told that the Portuguese say they don't want more protection on any thing than 35 per cent. In this case the matter would be easy enough. But some people here have curious ################ the way of estimating@@ duties. Certain au- thorities of the Custom‐house made their calculations thu@s an article of cutlery can be bought of the retail dealer for, say 300 reis and as the duty paid on the same article was 100 reis, it did not amount to per cent. ####### being, that the cost price of the article delivered in Lisbon by the importer 100 reis the duty exact@ly cent. per cent. and the other 100 reis the pro@ﬁt of the retail tradesman, being 50 per cent. on the 200 reis paid to the importer by the government. By the same ########### say that as a bottle of Port wine costs, say 4s. in England, and there being six bottles to a gallon, which pays 5s. 6d. duty, the duty on Port wine is under 25 per cent. ad valorem. I understand ################################################################################################## has been o@ﬀered them, and that the levy is sus- pended. The Su@ﬀrein French line‐of‐battle ship arrived here from Brest yesterday, Admiral ################ is said she will go to Rio de Janeiro. The French have also here the Iguala corvette and Volage brig of war and it is said that two more vessels are expected. The government has carried retrenchment into e@ﬀect to some extent, but all this will little avail ###### slip, and something be not done ################ astrous results that would ensure to Portugal were the Spanish treaty to be concluded, and things here ####################### has been made with the ################ the object of which is to alter the mode of payment of the balance due by the government to the company under pre- vious contracts and for which some of the current reve- nues were pledged, the company receiving ######## in. The company take the ################ in bills falling due on the 10th of @January, and so on till June next and the decima and other revenues ################################################## of the decima of 1840‐1841, had been pledg@ed for the repayment of a balance of 312 contos this sum is now to be repaid, partly by deducting ############ monthly payments of 100 contos each, ########## to make to the government, but chie@ﬂy by bills re- ceivable at the Custom‐houses for the tobacco duty, the latter being to the amount of 220 conto@@@@s. It has been asserted by the opposition journals that a French loan of 1,000 contos of reis is on the tapis, but the ministerial papers deny that there is any foundation for ########## that the Spanish government ######### up of the Gloria, alias Grande Antilla, to Vinent, on the ground that as the court ####### the papers by which she was converted from a Spanish to a Portuguese vessel were irregular, the transfer was consequently not complete, and she remained Spanish, and as such ought to be given up. This is a ######### a@ﬀair, and would give rise to great abuses if listened to by Portugal.tugal. The following article from the Nacional is a good speci- men of the view taken by the French partizans here of the events alluded to. It is entitled The executions at Barce- lona and the treaties with England - The accounts received respecting the blood which legal vengeance has shed in the capital are not uniform but the reports concerning the projects of the authorities seem to indicate that moderation will be unknown there. In Spain civil dissensions have always been accom- panied by the most horrible tragedies but experience ought to co@nvince the Spaniards that such means are en- tirely unsuited to gain whatever ends, and the progress of civilization ought to soften this barbarity. @@Would that the Regent would become aware of the evils that bloodshed must infallibly bring to his authority, to his reputation, and to the interest of the Queen her- self. Can it be true, however, what is said of the share that England has taken in the bad treatment received by un- happy Barcelona ? It would little surprise us. The question was to annihilate the industry of a con- tinental state, to remove the embarrassments that a manu- facturing province opposed to the consumption of English goods and the British arms have never @ﬁred a shot unless to facilitate the sale of some yards of cottons, or some boxes of poison. For this reason we are disposed to believe all that we hear in this sense@@@@. But we are also persuaded that those who now shoot Spaniards to serve Englishmen will not long be considered as Spaniards. But be it how it may, it appears beyond doubt, that the events of Barcelona although still wrapt in the darkest mystery are, at least on one side, in intimate relation with the e@ﬀorts of the English to conclude a treaty of commerce with the Spanish government and it appears equally certain that this treaty is either already made, or, at the least, is inevitable. We shall now see whether the advocates of conventions of this kind between ourselves and England will at last open their eyes we shall see whether the e@ﬀects of our treaty will or will not be such as we have so often said-the ruin of our manufactures industria , without any be- ne@ﬁt for our wines. Already bound by the treaty, and dependent on the English government respecting the duties in both countries, we shall be sacri@ﬁced by England the instant she shall have arranged her a@ﬀairs with our neighbours. The scale of duties will be against us both in the ports of Portugal and of England. In addition to so many internal causes of ruin, there will fall upon us the weight of calamity prepared by our most natural and most cruel enemies our country is destined to be converted into a desert. This is a fair specimen of the language held by our adver- saries here they would not make a treaty with us them- selves, neither would they allow us to make one with Spain. In whose interest can they write ? The question is an- swered by putting another question -What power is most interested in preventing our making treaties with either Portugal or Spain, by which the wines and brandy of those countries would @ﬁnd increased consumption in England, and British manufactures increased consumption in the Peninsula ? The Queen has this year again relinquished 50 contos of her income, and the King‐Consort 40 contos, in consequence of the necessitous state of the Treasury the Portaria of Baron Tojal announcing the fact is dated the 23d instant. Some one apparently well acquainted with the a@ﬀairs of the Lisbon Fishery Company has published an account of their actual state on the 30th of September last, from which it appears that the company, which is now in the seventh year of its existence, has sunk and lost 70 per cent. of its capital the latter amounted to 474 contos, being cash actually received from the shareholders while the cash in hand on the 30th of September, the vessels, and all other e@ﬀects of the company, including a number of abandoned shares, @@c., are estimated altogether at only 138 con@tos, showing a de@ﬁcit of 336 contos, and this, notwithstanding all the encouragement it has received from the legislature, which, to bolster it up, has levied such heavy duties on foreign salt @ﬁsh. The British steamer of war Locust came in from England for coal on Thursday, and left the next day for Malta. The Portuguese ship A@ﬀonso d'Albuq@uerque left for Angola and Mosambique on Saturday, taking 300 convicts for those colonies.ies. The Su@ﬀren, French line of battle ship, which cast anchor when she came in almost on the opposite side of the river, has since been towed to this side, and taken ######### the shore, which does not look like leaving. It is # ported, I know not on what grounds, that a #### dron, under the command of an ############# for the present. ################################################################################################################################################################################################