[OCR_toInput] jover Dor •ays, tlii ■ family natural. for the DruMi -Id th Th, .1 is temporary, aud k r that cf the old Entir hi At he ruled o nr both orer that tribe not aubl beeddfaturttmea. • Both '•nir a k n of the I'aohe of • 1'oktr y ields tine at th s about Set-via an e. Th the French A mb ueiador • declared ilia ■- ■ e protector# id, cons  and hare experienced a further ri e of l per cent., Console beimj now quoted 94 to J e div., for the opening Bank Stock, 172 Three per Cents. Reduced, 94 to 5 the Threc-and-a-Half per Cents. Reduced, 101 to India Bonds, 52. to 4. prem. Exche quer Bills, under the influence of the purchases made by the Government broker, are now quoted at Aho high price of 01s. to 63a prem. In the Foreign Securities there has been a dispo sition shown to speculate in some of the low-priced South American Stocks. The only description of Portuguese Securities now quoted in the official list os the New Portuguese Converted, it being supposed that all parties interested in these securities will ultimately convert their bonds. Spanish Secu rities are a shade lower than yesterday. The following are the closing quotations iu the Foreign House -Spanish Active Bonds, 18 to De ferred, 10 to Passive, 4 to New Threes, 23 to Mexican Bonds, 31J to 2 Deferred, 9 to Portuguese Converted, 33 Belgian, 101 to 2 Braid lias, 71 to 72 Buenos Ayres, 25 to 27 Chi lian, 74 to0 Colombian, 23 Danish, 84 to 85 Dutch Five per Cents., 101 to ditto Two-and-a-Halfper Cents., 53 to . This day week we alluded to the suspension of payments of the Yorkshire Agricultural Bank, and to the attempts made by a deputation of the direc tor who had come to town to form new arrange ments to enable the company to resume business, whicbi, however, bad up to that time been unsuc cessful. The news from the country to-day brings inte-lt igence of the final winding-up this concern, after having lost all the paid up capital of £211,000, and £100,000 besides. The greatest distress prevails in 'lie district where the bank was situated, and a call of £3 per share on 615 partners will still be tu-ceseary to make good the outstanding deficiency. Tftq grossest blunders are said to have been com mitted by the board of management, and all the 'ivi lends were paid out of the capital. In this •ase . as in many otheis, the shareholders appear to t'lairt been ruined by misplaced confidence, and want of due control. The Share Market continues at yesterday's quota tions, viz.London and Birmingham, 98 to 100 pvem. Great Westerns, 24 to 5 prem. South Vestems, 02 per share Brightens, 36 to per .share Black walls, 5 to J per share North Mid land, 62 to 3 per share Paris and Rouen, 5 to 6 prem. in Joint stock Bauks, London and Westminster Bank shares were done at 21 per share and the new shares of the Provincial of Ireland at31 . The following are the returns of the receipts of the undermentioned railways, for the weeks ending the dates specified -Loudon and Birmingham, Dec. 24 £16,886 8 10 Great Westerns, Dec. 25 13,061 0 5 London and South Westerns, Dec. 26 5, 516 14 6 South Easterns, Dec. 29 1,712 18 10 Eastern Counties, Dec. 25 047 7 11 Loudon and Brighton, Dec. 24 3,370 0 5 Loudon and Blackball, Dec. 20 569 11 0 London and Greenwich, Dec. 20 825 0 7 Croydon, Dec.27 222 6 7 North Midland, Dec. 24 4,330 12 8 York and ditto, Dec. 24 1,706 11 5 Midland Comities, Dec. 24 2,718 2 0 Edinburgh and Glasgow, Dec. 24 1,603 18 4 Grand Junction, Dec. 24 7,741 18 6 At a special general meeting of the proprietors of the Croydon Railway Company, held on Tuesday last, tlie report from the directors recommended the proprietors to discontinue the carrying trade, owing to the refusal of the Greenwich board to treat with them for a settlement of the toll question. The chairman stated that the arrangements made with the South Eastern Company would enable the Croy don hoard to resume the traffic whenever a fitting opportunity presented itself. It appeared that the fipunscs were about £200 a week, while tbe receipts bud fallen short of that amount by £10 or £12. The passengers carried between London and Croydon wire about 700 per we k. A return of the receipts from the 1st of August to tbe 13th of December showed Bett receipts of £5,299 not much above £300 a week, although during a portion of that time the 3d. toll only had been in operation. After a lengthened discussion, the period lor aban doning the carrying irade seems to have betn post poned until the 25th of March and a committee w s appointed to negotiate with the Greenwich Company, with a view of endeavouring to effict some arrangement to enable the Company to go on. A pamphlet on the Tea Trade, just published by the editor of the Public Ledger, states that in tbe year 1839 the highest price of the year paid for Company's Congou at the tale price was2 . 7d. per lb. the lowest, Is. 5d. per lb. stock on tbe 31.t of December, 52,500,000ibs. stock of Company's Congou, 33.000chests delivered for home cot,sump tion, 32.366,4121bs. gross duty paid, £3,363,963. in 1840 tbe highest price was 3s. 31. per lb. lowest, Is. lid. stock 31st of Dec., 46,500,0001b?. stuck of Company's Congou, 28,700 chests quan tity deliver, d for home consumption, 35,136,2321bs. gross amount of duty paid, £3,600,008. In 1841 the highest price was 2o 91. per lb. lowest, is. 4Jd. stock 31st of Dee.,36,000,0001bs THB MORMNG CHRONICLE, MONDAY, at a yearly cost of about £9,000,000 to the consumers, whereot £3,500,000 is paid for duty to the Crown, and the remainder, being £6,500,000, be says, is appro priated by the importers, and in profit divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. ThU esti mate seems to be founded on the basis that there are 30,000,000 of pounds of tea consumed annually, at 6 . per lb. Taking, then, the highest sale prices for the years 1839, 1840,1841, and 1842, the average is 2b. lid. per lb., leaving 2s. Id. of profit for every pound of tea, to be divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. We should like much to see an analysis of the component parts of this propor tion of profit paid by the consumers to the two branches of the tea trade. How much goes to the wholesale dealers, and how much of it to the re tailers? It is to be regretted that the writer ol the pamphlet did not enter into these points, and at the same time into a discussion of the expediency of maintaining a uniform duty of 2i. Id. per lb. on all qualities of teas and whether or not it would not now lie proper to return to the old ad valorem prac tice, which is acknowledged to have been an excel lent system, and seems to have been given up in 1834, without sufficient inquiry regarding its practi cability, when the monopoly of the East India Com pany was dissolved. We have received a communication this day only from Mr. Taskvr, the chairman of the com mittee of Spanish bondholders,, and several letters also from other parties interested in Spanish finance. We shall hereafter advert to these communications, and insert such of them as may appear to possets sufficient public interest. The following were the official quotations at the different markets during the day -BKULISn SURDS. Bulk Stock, 172VR S per Cl. Red,. s 4 India Ronds, 52 4 pm. Rank Stock for ACC.. 173 Conaolsforoptnlng, 94 4 Fxcheq. Bills, fil.OOO.sd.o 01 8 pm. Exchequer RiNst MM , 2d., 018 pra. Ditto Small. 24.. 01 3 00 pm. 8 perCt. Red., ioi HKH Lon Anns., 'xp. Juh. 5, 11 16 I onjc Anns. 30 Years, exp. Oct. 10. ' • M # ' 16 FOB Bid N FUNDS. Buenos Ayr.s, 20 Ditto Aoc., ?s Colombian per CL 1824,2296 H 3 Colon.b. 6 pr Ct. 1821 Acc 22 3 Color b. ex Venesuela, 11 Mt'iican 1837 ACC., 82 1 PortuKuoseSper CL New, 41H Portuguese Converted, 81 RAILWAYS Rrlttol and Exeter, 48 9 Cheltenham and Great Western, 20 1 Eastern Counties New, 1094 Great Western, 90 Ditto New, 01 4 Lon . A Brighton, 96 H Ditto Scrip, 17 M ISO KLLANKUU8. Heal del Monte Unref,, 3 J Pros. Bank of Ireland New, 8194 Lend. 6c Westmr. Bask. 21 1 PortugueseConvertedAcc.,31 8 Portuguese 8 per Cent., 26 Sp nisn 5 per Cent., 18 Ditto Acc 18 Spanish 3 per Cents., 24 Ditto Aco., 24 96 Dutch 5 per CL, 101 Lond. and Black wall, 5 Lon 4. at id Birmiaabam, 189 Lond. and Birin. New, 33 North Midland, 68 Rouen and Harre. 2 South Eastern and Dover, 22 MANCHESTER STOCK EXCHANGE. Dbc. 30.-We have nothing par the state of our markets to-day. quoted. There lias been nothing LONDON TRADE REPORT. Saturday Evenins.-We have not heard of any trans actions of consequence to-day in either Tea or Tallow. The Cotton market is still firm, and prices perhaps a shade higher. THE MANUFACTURING DISTRICTS. Bolton.-Counterpanes are in more animated request here, but still manufacturers complain of the low remune ration they receive for their goods. There is a steady sale for qailtlngs, fine muslins, and power-loom cloths, Bradford.-This being tbe last market in tbe year, was formerly not an acknowledged market for pieces, but that custom was abandoned a few years ago, and to-day folly hu uveroge business h s been done with former seasons, unci tbe manufacturers are not without considerable hope that at the commencement of the year an improved demand will take place. There is not any marked alteration for yarns, and the continued short time working keepe the stocks low, and prices very firm. During the last week but little busiuess bus been done in tbe wool market, and the dulness applies to all kinds of long wool. In broke and noils the uimind continues steady, and late prices are fully maintained. BABN8LBY.-Manufacturers continue to have a good bueiness doing. The linen trade is firm funcy drills are brisk and wtavershave moderate employ. Halifax.-Wo canuot report uny alteration in this market, either as to manufactured goods, or the raw ma • teriul. Sales of both proceed steadily, and prices are quite firm. Generally speaking, people are inclined to regard our prospects as, on tbe whole, favourable. Huddersfield.-Business is still most unpromising and uusatisfactory and no prospect of au amendment, un less there is a revival with the new yiar but at tbe close of the year business is always slack uud seemingly lingering again with re-i the case. on till the arrival of a fresh period, to 1 newed vigour, and we hope such now may Failsworth.-The silk trale ot Failsworth is yet very dull upwards of one-half of the operatives are without work, and the others only partially employed, at lower wages than last Christmas but many are of opinion that iu less than a month there will be a brisk trade. Leeds.-Trade has been very dull and gloomy this week sales have been very limited, aud prices ruinously low. There is a general expectation of an improvement with the new year, which we hope may be realised to its utmost ex tent. Wool and Indigo are rather looking up. In the warehouses busiuess continues slack. Manchester.-We have had anjoxtensivelinquiry for most kinds of cloth this week, at an advance on most de scriptions, and the market closed very buoyant. Should the commercial news trom China and India be favourable by the next mail, we may hope tor a still further improve ■ meat. Twist is unusually firm, though not generally higher, aud mauy spinners refuse to sell unless at an ad vance. On the whole, we are this week decidedly more healthy. • t' Rochdale.-Though there was but a thin attendance of ' j buyers in the market, there has been a very fair demand i for il inncla, considering the time of the year. For eome months back pitces have met with a ready sale, but the i manufacturers have not been able to obtain an advance in ditto Company's Congou, 11,500 cheats quan- orce. In general, even when trade is good, there is but lity delivered for home consumption, 32,262,005ihe.little business transacted between Christmas-day aud the gross amount oiduty paid, £3,473,9ol Iu 1842 the stock on hand of Company's Con gou, on the 30th of November, was 8,400 chests the highest price 2?. lowest, la. 51. stock at dose of the year, about34,000,000 lbs. quantity tukmfor home consumpti , 36,000,000 lbs. quantity de livered for exportation, stated at4,000,000 lbs. The sum paid annually by the consumers is stated at about £9,000,000 sterling, whereof £3,500,000 is paid to the Crown for duty, a large portion of the remainder to the importers, and the remainder is tbe profit divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. The extraordinary excitement and specu lative action in the tea market, during the years 1830,1840, 1841, and 1342, are well and graphically described in this pamphlet, a speculation that had its peculiar and distinctive features. Tbs quarrel, of a deep and angry nature, which took place be tween the English merchants and the authorities at Canton, led to an impression of war, and to an ex pectation of the continuous suspension of the trade. The dealers bought large surplus quantities, retired new market, which is always held the find Mouday after the 6tli of January. The wool market still remains heavy ths dealers expecting a rise from an increased demand for goods, and the manufacturers being unable to give an ad vance until thry are enabled to sell their pieces propor-tiouably higher. COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR-Sunday. Y esterday morning the Queen and Prince Albert walked lal, afterwards the T ' ting excursion, atti moude and Sir E. Bowater. out as usual, afterwards tbe Priocerode into the Great-on a shooting excursion, attended by the Marquess ol -park, ifOi-Her Royal Highneis the Duchess of Kent, Lady Fanny Howard, and the Earl and Countess of Haddington joined the royal dinner circle in the evening. This morning her Majesty and l'rinoe Albert, her Royal Highness the Ducheis of Kent, and the household attended divine service in the Private Chapel of the Castle. The Rev. John Vane officiated, and preached a sermon from the 11th verse of the 5th chap, of the 3d Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians. In the forenoon her Majesty aud Prince Albert walked out, and again promenaded in the afternoon, attended by tbe suite. , . Their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales and the merchants bought largely on speculation, and im- , Princess Royal were taken an airing. Sir Robert Peel and Lerd Stanley are expected at Castle early next week, on a visit to her Majeaty. the porters refused to sell without greatly advanced prices. Hundreds of strangers to the market plunged into it through the agency of j Her Majesty, the Queen Dodger, attended by Viscountess year lo.o , Barrington, took an airing in an open phaeton on Friday, in the drives adjacent to her residence, Canford-house, Dorsetshire. Her Msjesty has taken frequent airings during brokers and dealers. In the year ' 1826 the speculation soon exploded, article were driven up like rockets, and exploded with the same rapi dity but tbe lato speculation in the tea market had an existence of nearly three years. Twice was peace proclaimed, and twice did the war recommence but with the jsame result Its regarded the trade, which was kept open. Tea was twice at Is. 6d. and twice at 3s. 2d., with innumerable oscillations between these extremes. The speculation, says cur au thor, although unfortunate and disastrous in its re sults, yielded at different periods large profits. Some few hut very few embraced them, and quitted the field. The large majority, although they occa sionally quitted, yet returned aud floated on with the tide, which frequently rolled back with magic speed to low water mark, without leaving time to escape. This passage is rather a figurative way of telling that, although a few of tbe speculators sold nt a profit, the hulk of them held on or renewed their ventures, and were, eventually,' left in the mud, se verely punished. The writer of this pamphlet, we observe, does not think that the trade, for a length of time to come, will to any extent be removed from Canton, because hitherto the Hong at Canton have advanced a large portion of the price to the tea mer chants before they left Canton for the tea districts to purchase for the ensuing season. He does not expect that the opening uf Amoy and other ports near to the place of growth will be fairly accelerated by the Chinese government aud although the treaty ot Nankin stipulates that a tariff shall be ad justed on regular and just principles, he puts small faith in that stipulation, because, in the case of Eugland and France, the duties that ought to be paid upon a bale of cotton twist and a puncheon of brandy have not yet been decided. There is a vast difference, however, between the two cases. Not only the difference that exists as between a civilised nation standing on the vantage ground of conquest over its humbled opponent totally unacquainted with tbe forms of European diplomacy, but there is the difference, also, that tbe treaty cf Nankin is th sequence of peace between China and England whereas the commercial treaty with France was broken off by a coldness between Frsnce and Eng-laad, which at one period wore a belligerent aspect. We exD ct that the conditions of the treaty of Nan kin wiU be practically carried out, and that a tariff M on regular and just principles will accordingly be adjusted. We look for that adjustment on the basis of sir reciprocity, and should this expectation be realised, the admission of British ships to tht ports uf the tea districts will speedily effect a great improvement iu the Ua market of China white it must, at tbe same time, produce a corresponding diminution in ihe price, free on board, by saving the expense of land carriage now incurred in tram-p •rung the commodity to Canton. The author ot the pamphlet docs not touch upon tbe policy of the present mode of levying the tea duties in this country-a defect, we think, in his ■work that we wish he would yet supply. He in-lo 1 . that there are about 1,200. chests, or ,K C'-nsnmed daily in the Cnued Ki'.o-d.im From the recent favourable weather. Tbe Duke of Cambridge visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester on Saturday, at Gloucester-house. Mr. Masterm n, M.P., and n deputation, had an inter view with tile Chancellor of the Exchequer on Saturday, at his official residence iu Downiug-street. Count lteventlow, the Danish minister, transacted buei ness on Saturday, at the office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. Mr. Everett, the American minister, lias returned to town from a visit to Lord Ashburton. His Excellency trans acted business on Saturday at the office of the Board of Trade. Deepatcbes were sent off on Saturday evening from t! Colonial-office, for the Governor of Ceylon. Hbr Majesty thr Quern Dowager.-a Correspondent. -Canford-house, Friday.-Her AJBSTY continues to enjoy excellent health, and during the week, owing to the prevailing Sue weather, has almost daily taken carriage airings in this neighbourhood. His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Wbthar, who arrived on Saturday on a visit to bis illustrious aunt, left on Tuesday to join his regiment at Winchester. Sir David Davies, physician In ordinary to her Majesty, arrived on Saturday, and has since been staying here. We hear that bis Royal Highness tbe Prince of Wales has been suffering from teething, but in other re spects he is quite well. The Princess Royal has be come much stronger lately. The Lord Chancellor will give his usual de-jeune to the judges, Ac., on Wednesday, the 11th instant, the first day of Hilary Term. His lordship was in town on Saturday to affix the great seal to the treaty of peace be tween this country and China. The Willoughby d'Erbeby Family.-The oomingof age of the Hon. Albbric Vt illouuhby, son of Lord and Lady Willoughby D'£RB8BV,heirofthe noble houses of Perth and Willoughby, in Scotland, andofGwy-der, iu Wales, has occasioned unusual rejoicings on the family estates In the north, and in the principality. At Muthill, a populous village, about a mile from Drummond Castle, Perthshire, the inhabitants evinced their respect to the family, by making Monday last a general holiday. There was a dinner of the principal tenants and feuars at the Masons'-haU. The Hon. the Master of Strathallan presiding. The Inhabitants of Crieff had a publio dinner, at which Viscount Strathallan was to have taken the chair, but was prevented by a slight indisposition. Mr. A. Campbell, M.P., Sir David Dundas. Bart., and about IfiOgsntlsmen, were present. In Wales there was an equal mark of esteem displayed by the tenantry. Tbs public din ner at Carnarvon, on Tuesday, was most numerously at tended. At Llanrwst triumphal arohes were erected, aud two oxen were roasted whole in the market-place, and distributed amongst the poor. There was au entertainment at tb Town-haU, at which nearly 900 dined, in addition to Bsre. The poor of Dolwyddelan, Lana-had six bullocks divided amongst them. pEblic din doget, and Trefrtw, u u uuuw -• Tb Gulnsthorpe tenantry celebrated the event by a public dinner on Monday, and a ball on Thursday last. Earl Spencer hu been entertaining a few select friends at Althorp-park, since his return from the Duke of Bedford's, at Woburn Abbey. Lord Duncannon is expseted on a visit to the noble lord, and the Hon. Cap tain and Mrs. F. Spencer, Hon. Captain and Mr9. Wat son, c., have arrived. The Duke and Duchess of Richmond and family have been seeing company at G x-dwood during the week. The Duke and Lady Caroline Lennox arrived at Good-wood on Saturday week, from a visit to Lord Ward, at Himley Hail. The Right Honourable Sir Robert Pf.el is ex pected to leave Drayton Manor,for Windsor Castle, to-day. 1 aving received an nvita.i. n to i..ii the rcysil tiro! . THE MAGAZINES FOR THB MONTH. New Year's-day is' a positive day of delight to the maga-iiae reader. All his customary channels of amusement and information are foil of promise if they are foil of nothiug else, though, to say truth, most of them do their little best to set as good a face as possible on the first num ber of a new volume, and poetry, polities, and pleasantry are all burnished up for the festive season. The Tory ma gazines are particularly strong in their politics this month, and Blackwood and Frater come forth with their respec tive lucubrations, which harmonise about as well as the Tuesday's leader in the TYsies does with that which was printed on the preceding Monday, and which is probably forgotten by all the world, Bave, perhaps, by some rival editor, who enlivens the public by exposing the proverbial consistency of Printing-house-square. Blackwoodt leading article for January is modestly eu titled, Great Britain at the Commencement of the Year 1843. It is a dissertation, which, by the aid of a multitude of facte, for which the writer stands indebted to bis imagi nation, and by a convenient oblivion of others that might have been troublesome to a more retentive memory, makes out a tolerable prima facie case for his clients. Thus, the desperate policy which led our heaven-born mi nieter to impose the prop8rty-tax upon the peo' pie is boldly ascribed to the empty condition in which he found the public coffers. Not a syllable is aid in allusion to the plan by which the late government proposed to replenish those coffers, by opening the Brazils and tbe Baltic to British commerce. These are things it is convenient to target. On the other hand, it thought fair to assume that the Tory advent has alone sufficed, not only to inspire all foreign nations with asalu. tary dread, but also to conjure fulness into the Treasury purse. Yet the lost revenue returns presented no such consoliog news, and a few days must yet elapse before w cau know what the January tables may bave to tell us. As to the future viewsof Sir Robert respecting the sliding' scale, Blackwood is evidently in an uncomfortable state o l suspense. That some further alteration, he says, may not ere long be made on the scale of duties, no one can assert, though we have no reason to believe that any such is at present contemplated but that the principle of the • sliding-scale,' as it Is called, will be firmly adhered to, we eutortain no doubt whatever. The principle of the sibling scale! Where is its prin ciple ? You may alter the scale of duties till you take away the last vestige of the farmers' fancied protection. By mul • tiplying rests you may approximate nearer and nearer to a fixed duty, and yet your minister will remain a man as firm in principle, as distinguished for consistency, as before he traversed the floor of the house, or was pushed by the deluded farmers of England into a mischievous power, tbe effects of which they have since felt in common with the rest of the Queen's subjects. The late law appointments, too, must be defended. This is a ticklish matter aud Blackwood, conscious cf what awkward ground he has got upon, runs away at once to Dike shelter in the old worn out cant, that men making their thousands at tbe bar are not to be tempted into office by such paltry salaries as £1,500 a year! From which it is intended, we should Infer, that all those lawyers who surpass Lord Lyndhurst's proteges are making rapid for tunes by their profession ! Passing on to foreign politics, it is but just to say that Blackwood has manliness enough to scorn tbe base lies and drivelling nonsense which have been put forward with a view to make the simple part of the public believe that our quarrel with China was entered on in order to force the opium trade upon the Celestial Empire. This atrocious calumny, invented originally for factious purposes, has been eagerly taken up by a hostile press abroad, and by a vast number of dunces at horns, but is calculated to impose ouly on those whose intelligence or information is at an amazingly low ebb. The thing is worn out, however, and Blackwood, by throwing the stale commodity overboard, e how6 that he addresses himself to the better poitioa of his party. But here are his words -Were we justified in our attack upon the Emperor of Cbipa? We have no hesitation whatever in expressing our opinion, after having had our attention for some years directed to the subject of our relation with China, in the affirmative. From tbe moment of our first intercourse with that people, we have had to submit to a series of indignities sufficient to kindle into fury tbe feelings of any one who merely reads any authentic account of those indignities. The Chinese have long derived an immense revenue, toge ther with other great advantages, from us encouraging us to embark a vast capital in our trade with them, and to form great permanent establishments dependent upon it. Language cannot describe the degrading circumstances under which we have been forced to carry on our com mercial intercourse with the Chines our long submission to such conduct having, of course, insured its continual aggravation. The opium trade, perhaps beneficially, In ought matters to a crisis. It was alleged on behalf of the Emperor that we were surreptitiously, and from motives ol gain, corrupting and destroying his people, by supplying them with opium but it is easily demonstrable that this was only a pretence for endeavouring to effect a change in the medium of our dealings with them, vastly beneficial to the Emperor, and disadvantageous to us. Aud then he proceeds to detail the tariy history of the quarrel, with tolerable fairness, interspersing his narrative, of eourse, with a multitude of unsavoury epithets for the Whigs, chequered with divers eulogistic ravings to the be nefit of which his political friends shall at all seasons be heartily welcomed. The miscellaneous articles of Blackwood are, as they mostly are, well selected. Sincerely do we wish we had as well conducted a magazine on our own side. We have not read CalebStukely, but we are assured by those that have been more diligent, that the tale is an excellent one. An Imaginary Conversation, by Savage Landor, is not one of his best, and a paper on the Aris tocracies of London Life, is drawn out to a merciless length nevertheless, the former is not without dramatic interest, and the latter contains many healthy truths, though mixed with personal insinuations, the absenco of which would not have weakened the writer's general re marks. Two Hours of Mystery is an amusing tale and would make an excellent plot for a farce. Talking of farces-Blackwood has actually perpetrated twenty pages of enlogy on Lord Londonderry's last tour! Poor Mar quess ! Well may he call on heaven to save him from his friends. His silly book was almost forgotten, and here comes an imprudent piece of puffery to tear open the quiet grave, and force the troubled ghost to stalk abroad again. Among tho poetical contributions to Blackwood this month are some exquisitely sweet lines. Turning to Fraeer.we are sorry to say that the number Is one that we have looked, through with disgust. The poli tical article our eastern policy , is written in all that odious spirit of mingled Toryism and Chartism, in which the vul-garest portion of the self-styled Conservatives have long loved to revel. But we look not for much in Frater politics, and seldom find them more insipid or less candid than we expect. What in the present number has particu larly disgusted us is, the leading article Oliver Yorke at Home , the poorest and most vapid of all the bad imitations oi Blackwood'e once famed Noctee that ever was palmed upon tho public. There was a dashing! braggadocio impudence about the said Noctee, but every oae was willing to forgive the mamie r of the thing for tbe rich matter often contained In it. Oliver Yorke, like all vulgar imitators, fastens on the worst parts of his model, and manifests not the least conception of those excellencies that won our applause. Every barn door ranter can imitate the husky voice and the sudden etarts of Edmund Kean, but where ehall we look for his lightning glance and the heartfelt pathoe which thrilled upon our feelings? Even so, tbe veriest hack thet ever drudged in Grub-etreet may assume the drunken impu dence in which Christopher North occasionally indulged but hie sparkling humour, his quick judgment of men and thiDgs, were his own, and are not to be put on with the sameease with which a swell-mob dandy dons the cast-off finery of a peer. Men of sense may sometimes tolerate th axcesses of a convivial table, for the sake of the choice spirits assombled there but who would not shun the noisy orgies of a gin-shop, enlivened by no bettor mirth than the second-haud impertinence ol a quality footman ? The Monthly Magazine continues to promise well. As the only Liberal Miecellany in the market, it may be said to enjoy a kind of monopoly, but its corps of contri butors must be strengthened, or it will not do the cause al the good we have a right to expoet. The Farmer's Fire side, the first of a series of Corn-law Tales, is well-timed, aud seems to come from a new hand that will improve with practice. The introduction of Mr. Cobden among the dra matis persona is clumsily managed, but the rest of tho tale is good, and exemplifies tho protection of the corn-laws with a good deal of force. The remaining articles are well chosen. Nursery Rhymes for Sucking Politicians Is not a bad idea. Here Is ons oi the lullabies intended for Sir Robert's particular use Slippery Bob to the formers did hi With a tala 'bout eating their misery And as the poor formers did ding to his foil, He led them dunce on the ulifMng §c le. 'Hold tight now.'says Bobby, you muoh-lqjured elves,'-So slipp'd sff, and bit them to slide by themselves. They slid on so swiftly, that scarcely, alack ! Could one of them stop till he fall on his back. Oh fie, foolish formers! you made a line job, Ol clutching the tail of sly slippery Bob. Facts and Figures of General Interest seems Intended to form a standing article in the Monthly, and Is deserving of more extension. Upon the whole, the periodical is one that the Liberal party will do well to encourage. Bentley comes out with great strength. Mr. Ledbury's adventures In Islington, are as amusing as those through which we accompanied him In Paris Crowquill's illus trations are excellent, and Ingoldsby's Legend of St Medard is alone worth more than twice the cost of the magazine. The rest of tbe number, to be sure, is midioerc en ugb. Among what are called literary notices, but • 'at i. itai.ij a ,#!..re nfi- M,, B ntta s iwn pub-7 cations, there is a paragraph on Ingoldsby's Legen£T which that gentleman ought to resent. The publisher should keep such offensive commendations for the illus trious obscure of his establish ment. Ainsworth presents us with a sprightly number. Wind sor Castle,'' by the editor, continues its slow progress The portion in this month's number is strongly spiced with diablerie in the Castle oi Otranto style. The Legend of Normandy and a Venetian Romance art also not the best sort of reading just before bed time for nervous young ladies, or for yonng gentlemen of susceptible timidity. Mr. Blanchard's Dream at Hoplodge, though likewise dealing in the marvellous, is less harrowing in its super natural incidents, and withal an amusing trifling. Work ing up Junk is an Incongruous title to a sober matter-of-fact history of the British navy. A Frenchman, bent on treating our maritime glory as sheer romance, might have deemed the title suitable enough. The Legitimate Drama In China is a heavy pointless piece of humour. The Metropolitan, like Ainsworth and Bentley, Is too much made up of narratives and thaagh, in the present number, there are fewer fragments than in the preceding one, there are still too many by for. Savlndroog, a Hindoo romance, has reached the 28th chapter but having read none of the preceding portion of the story, we presume not to express an opinion on its merits. Some of the shorter tales are good enough in their kind, but are none of them of striking excellence. SECOND LETTER FROM LORD NUGBNT to the REV. JOHN HARRISON on the CONDI TION of the AGRICULTURAL LABOURERS. FROM THB AYLESBURY NEWS. Lilies, December 28,1842. My Dear Sir,-Since about three weeks sgo, when I availed myself of the sanction of your name in ad dressing a letter through you to tbe public on the saffer-ings and wrongs of the labouring poor in our neighbour hood, I find that the evil and scandal of disproportionately low wages have been increasing. I have carefoliy con sulted the opinions and experience of others as to the calculation, in which you aud I agreed, of tRe lowest amount, and the lowest price, of the food and other articles of consumption necessary for supporting an agricultural labourer, in health aud strength, through the dally work required from him. Subsequent inquiry aud advice have more and more con vinced me that, in that calculation, I rather understated than exaggerated the result. I guarded myself, however, throughout against being supposed to aesese the due rate of remuneration for labour by the measure of what may be ne cessary for the support of healthy existence. For this would be a principle as preposterously uujust as that of measuring iv other marketable commodity by a like I showed that, even at the present price of provisions, no single man in this neighbourhood can maiu-the price of any standard. But I i tain himself in health and strength upon lees than 8s. 3 d. weekly, and no married man with an average family of three children and their mother, upoD less than 14s. 61a. a week, exclusive of harvest wages. I beg those wno think that, in this, I overstated the truth, to give their calculation of the necessaries of life and of the cost of these things to the poor at retail village prices. I said that troops oi willing and able labourers ware wandering through the country seeking in every village and at every door for work, in vain. I said that ths labouring popula tion, in mauy of tbe parishes round, in the midst of a re dundancy of provisions, and after a prosperous harvest, were iu a state ot destitution, and on the verge of famine the result of a baleful artificial system, ruinous to the farmer, and destructive of the peasantry. I showed from the report of the medical pereons who are answerable tor the Banatory condition of the poor in the workhouse, that the labouring population are weakened in health, and their lives endangered by the inadequate means of support, the result of low wages. I seid that I believed 1 that farmers generally bad little power at this time to employ labourers at fair wages and I implored such landlords as had not deeply considered the question of how much de pended on them t look well to it now for the sake of humanity, for the sake of justice, for the sake of the secu rity oi property, to consider the case of those whom I know to be reduced to a cruel alternative, between starving with their families, or being driven through despair to degrada tion. The poor are kindly, honest, and long-suffering in their want but they must not be urged too for in this dreadful trial, or be made to endure to tbe last, because of tbe ill-requited patience with which they have already en dured so much. 1 declined, in my farmer letter, to specify examples of misconduct towards the poor, in particular parishes, but it would be trifling with so fearful and so urgent a subject to continue to deal with generalities only, and so perhaps risk the falling under a charge of bringing general accusations without power to particularize. Some wretched men I fell in with, a few days ago. 1 questioned them. I heard their statement. I inquired into its truth. It has been confirmed to me. They were from the parish of Waddeedon. In that parish a great portion oi the labouring poor are without employ, and, therefore, without means of subsistence. Those who are employed are em ployed according to the iniquitous and ruinous system of wages apportioned to tbe extent of families, and received for work,under the name of wages,6s.aweek to men withJamiU.es, and. to single men is., the latter allowance being less than one haf of what I have shown to be necessary for proper subsistence. I have lately returned from' pass ing a fortnight in Leicestershire. I find the general rate of agricultural wages there to be 12s. a week iu many in stances, l! e. in some, higher varying according to the quality of the labourer. Aud there, caals, a large aud most necessary item in tbe expenses of life, are sold at the rate of 12s. the ton, at ths labourer's door. Here the labourer cannot uuy them at a less rate than 20s. at the wharf, or in hit own village, at the retail dealer's, at s less rate than trom 27s. to 80s. the ton in the one case, without deduct ing the expense ot carriage, therefore, at 75 per cent, dearer, and in the other, with that deduction, and the profits of tbe retail dealer, at from 125 to 150 per cent, dearer. I am entitled, then, to ask, unless it be believed that the Leices tershire labourer be blindly squandering his money, is the labourer in the vale of Aylesbury justly or honestly dealt with ? . But the answer £iven to all this is, that the action of de mand upon supply must always regulate price. Nothing can be truer, and nothing would be fairer if the principle were universally applied nothing more iniquitous where it is not. I repeat over and over again what I have said so often, notwithstanding the charge of reiterating e evident, unvarying, and distasteful doctrine, until I ehall find a reasonable answer given to what I believe admits not of controversy, because truth, however evident, un varying, or distasteful, demands that it should always be kept in mind. If the occupier of land claim, as a right, protection for the value of his produce, if the landlord claim as a right protection for the value of his land, the value of which must be measured by the value of its produce, the labourer has an equal right, he has a much higher right, to protection for the value of his produce, his labour, because he has no capital to stand out for price during its fluctuations. He is day by day dependent on mar kets which, under the present vicious system, destroy him, impoverish the farmer, and against which only the command of capital can enable anv man whose fortunes depend on the value ol agricultural produce to wait upon the fluctuations of what seasons may affect but law has rendered ruinously precarious. It, then, he who rents land, or he who lcte it, claim pro tective laws for his produce, but at the same time claim that labour, which gives value to his property, shall remain Unprotected and dependent on hie demand for it, this is to require, under tbe name and sanction of law, the power of committing open and unmitigated robbery a power to demand a protected and arbitrary price for the provisions he offers for sale, and to give an unprotected price, subject only to his own wants, for that labour by which those provisions are produced. I wish to see if there be any fallacy in this view of the subject. If there be, I entreat, I challenge, the exposure of it. If there be not some fallacy in it, which I have been unable to discover, a question on which I observe that all attempt at answer is evaded, I repeat that this unequal prineiple of dealing may be privilege, it may be power, but it is tbe reverse of justice. I should be dishonest, and a dissembler, JANUARY 2. S4 J THE LABOURERS IN DORSETSHIRE.-TO GEORGE RANKES, ESQ, M.P. if I were to soften the phrase. Hence instances, like one which came before me this morning, I am sorry and ashamed to say in the parish in which I live, and in which, to their credit I say it, the formers have generally been more considerate towards the poor than in most of the surrounding ones. A hard-working and good labourer, who is endeavouring to find support for his large family out of the cruelly inadequate wages paid to him by his employer 8s. a week , admitted, when questioned on the subject, that he has been unable, out of that pittance, ever since the setting in of winter, to afford to himself any better nourishment than about three-quarters of a pound of bread each day, with rarely half a poumd of bacon to be divided among his whole family in the week, and that upon this food, as of course must be the case, he finds himself un able to face his day's work. So long as I shall have the nnhappinees of seeing such cruelty inflicted upon the industrious and suffering poor, however unpopular the expoeure, by mo it shall never cease to be exposed. I live among formers, I live among landlords, some of whom are considerate, many not. All my habits, ail my interests, are bound up with those of the land. But I will not see ornel injustice daily and systematically committed, without raising my voice to make it known and to protest against it. Then, what is the remedy ? I repeat, I believe it rests mainly with tbe landlords. In tbe meanwhile the unions have a pressing duty to perform. The inquiry should not be only Can you not get employ ?'' It should be Can you not, with all due diligence, get employ at wages that will support you ? If not, you have a right to relief at the publio oharge. You are a pauper, unable, with all the efforts you can make, to support yourself. How often have I heard employers say I have offered him work. I am ready to give him work. It is an obvious truth-and yet truths, however obvious, often require the stating-that work Is no advantage to the labourer. It is the wages of Work that he requires. If I say, in the usual phrase, I will give you employ, that is, in other words, . . . era will be found in every market to take the property of another o their own pries sad the proprietor would not dis cover that any great benefit hsd been done to Mm, Manyan intolerable wrong in prsotioe is don under oover of a fallacy In words. I protest against the specious phrase, H can get work. The duty of union Is to satisfy themselves that he can got proper wags . If he oannet he Is ontltlsd to relief from raiss. And thsn th landlord and tb former together would arrange ths means for doing Justice, for making th interests of ail classes in agriculture a common interest, and in restoring to th land, and to all that lhrt by it, that steady prosperity which it never ha known sines, end never can know while, laws of fluctuating Influence counteract the order of a wise and good Protldeuee, by which all people are enablod to supply each other's wants with mutual benefit to all. I am, my dear sir, with great truth, Faithfully yours, To th Rsv. John Ifarrison. Nugent. • This parish bAongs to the Duke of Marlborough, a non-resident landlord. Income Tax.-Durham.-We understand that, in consequence of Sir Robert Peel's income tax. tbe practice of giving Christmas boxes iu this town is well nigh aban doned. Tjras the poor, as well as tbe middle.classes, feel the effects of ibis galling and obnoxious impost.-Durham County Herald. 1... , Sir-Having just read your speech, delivered on the 24th of December, at the dinner of the Blandford agricul tural meeting, aud having recently visited your estate to inquire into, and report on, the condition of the labouren employed by you and your tenants, and also those em ployed by other landowners and their tenants in your dis trict of the country, I feel myself constrained to address you thus publicly on some of the toples of your speech. First of the Anti-Com-law League. You say- Nor is the principle on which the League is founded more odious, as being adverse to the spirit of our constitution, than its pro ceedings are hatefnl as being advene to the spirit of our law. And again you say- The voice of the people of England is not to be bought with money. Petitions, how ever, are to be procured, and it Is not one of the least grievous circumstances which attend those efforts, that the sacred right of petitioning may thus be brought into dis credit by its abuse. And is it to be believed that £50,000 is requisite to induce the people of England to petition for a matter on which, we are told, they have already set their hearts ? In these passages, Hr. Bankes, you attempt to impress your hearers with the most unworthy opinion of the League you could wish them to be possessed of-the belief that the £50,000 fund is to be expended in getting up parliamentary petitions for the purpose of injuring agriculture. At the same time you profees to have no fear of the Teague you compare it to the fly on the oarriage-whee , which said See what a dust I'm making and you conclude by saying, Let us take care that the evil day, be it short or be it long, shall nut fall upon those who are lees able to bear it than ourselves let it not fall on the labourers. We have all, against a rainy day, tight roofs and blazing fires let not these comforts be wanting to the poor. To-morrow, oa the great anniversary of Christian thankfulness, we shall each, in our happy homes, enjoy the social circles of relations and friends and, trust me, our own cheerful hearths will seem to burn the brighter when we remem ber that our cottagers have bright hearths and cheerful circles too. Buch professions of kind regard for the poor are not un usual at the meetings of agricultural societies neither are such fears for the prosperity oi agriculture as you profess to entertain, in connection with the proceedings of the League, unusual on the contrary, the commonest features iu the proceedings of sucli meetings as that at Blandiord are the reiterated assertions that the soil of England can only be cultivated if protected from foreign competition and that, above all things, tbe employment and welfare of the labourers demands that the cultivation of tbe land should not be endangered. These being tbe most usual aud most forcible arguments put forth in defence of the corn-laws, it became a question with the League to as certain how far these arguments were well founded. I an one of the individuals whom tho council selected to inquire into and report on this important subject. The council deemed it requisite to ascertain as many facts as possible relating to agriculture. They knew that much misrepresentation had gone abroad amongst tbe farmers re specting their proceedings in Manchester that much igno rance pervaded the agricultural classes of all ranks in rc spect of the value of protection to agriculture, and that it was desirable to ascertain what tbe condition of the farmers and labourers was what the nature of the misrepresentation, what the extent ol the ignorance, in order to have both re moved, by sending lecturers and publications into each district with information and argument suitable to their special circumstances. It was determined that each elector oi the United King dom, and, as far as the £50,000 fund would permit, each non-elector, should have a library ei information supplied which would suffice to displace the Ignorance and the mis representation, and set clearly before the mind of each indi vidual the whole merits of the corn-law question. To this purpose, Mr. Bankes, and not to the purchase of signatures to the petitions, which you say will briog the sacred right of petitioning into discredit by its abuse, is the great fund of the League to be devoted. And that you may be the better assured that this is the direction in which the money is going, and to 6ome extent has gone, I have to inform you that, in obedience to instruc tions, I have visited your estate, as also tbe estates of some other lords and gentlemen who a ere with you at theBland lord meeting, and bave made a report of what I saw, which re port you will see from time to time in the paper published by the League, called the Anti-Bread-tax Circular. Meantime I nave to say that I am truly sorry that every thing I saw on tbe farm fields, iu ths tarm houses, in the cottages, and all that I heard from formers and labourers on your property, impressed me with opinions of pour prac tice as a landlord quite at variance with those you seem to hold in theory Judging of you by your speech, no man could think otherwise than that you were one of the most liberal patrons of tbe poor, one who would save the la bourer trom starvation, whether starved by cold or hunger, if you could. We might suppose even more, judging by your speech, we might suppose you to be a zealous pro moter of every rational measure for the moral advancement as well as physical comforts of your labouring people. I do not say that you have no wish to promote such desi rable objects. 1 do not say that you spoke that which you never thought of fulfilling. I can only speak of what I saw on your property but as you conclude your speech bv asking leave to add to the old toast of live and let live the words and let well alone, I must presume that you have not changed, nor intended to change, your system, or rather, I should say, your want of system, In managing your extensive property, and in keeping around you a popu lation the moat illiterate, ill paid, and ill fed of auy in the United Kingdom, I found your farms cultivated in a very Inadequate mauner. You exercise a power over your tenantry in re spect ef tenures and political subjugation which will pre vent them from farming your land as it should be formed, even if they were the most enlightened tenantry that ever cultivated the soil. But instead of being men oi intelligence and enterprise, they are as much the reverse as can well be imagined. The ability. While you are speaking in public ol making bearthe of the labourers cheeriul and warm, yon either k nr should know, that throughout the higher districts of Dorsetshire coals are a luxury which no labourer can afford, save in very small quantities. When wages were higher last year by one or two shillings a week than this year, your labourers in their miserable hovels, which have neither tight roofs, nor tight doors,'' nor tight any thing but tight rents and pinchiug hunger to dis tinguish them-in those hovels your labourers were without fires, save when cooking their scanty meals and this year, when coals are still ae dear, you talk of the warm hearths of the labourer and his cheerful society as things to be preserved by keeping off the evil day. If such was not yeur meaning, ifyou meant that the labourers of your own and your neighbours' estates are already eo poor that they canuot have warm hearths and cheerful meals, without charitable assistance, if your speech was intended to prompt your neighbours to join with you in making ths firesides of the labourers glad during the holi days by such charitable assistance-how can you and your neighbours be satisfied at having a population swarm ing around you so poor and wretched 7 How can you justify the reduction of wages which has so generally taken place? 55 hat avails it that you pathetically ask the gentlemen around you to save the labourers from ths evU day, when in times like the present, which you acknowledge to ha fofr times, all things considered, your tenants are annually screwed by a rack-rent, and, as a natural consequence, screw all they can out of their labourers to pay such rack-rents? I have seen yeur labouring people in full employment without a change of clothes. I have seen tho merest remnants of blanket rags to cover a family of six children, with their hardworking father and mother. I hare seen working men on your property, who declared to me they did not taste butcher's meat wr six mouths, that potatoes and lard, the latter in small quantity, and greens, and anything of that sort ''-such was their own expression-wlth one-hall less bread than they could eat that this meagre food was their sole diet for months together. And how oan it be otherwise, Mr. Bankes, on six, seven, and eight shillings a week ? Those who had eight shillings last year are reduced to seven this how, then, can you speak of saving from the labourers the evil day ? In Dorsetshire, whatever tbe changes may be in other counties, do change takes place iu respect of the labourer, but a chanJeU perpetuate the - evil day to perpetuate this dav. despite all other favouring circumstances. I talked with wives, mothers, and fathers oi families on vour estate, who all told me that during the recent years of hi h priced provisions thsy had not been able to buy, save iu a very limited degree, new clothes several of the families had not purchased a single article of dress for three years, so dear had been their food-so low their wages. This year they looked forward with hope to cheaper food for a saving wherewith to buy clothes. But most of them have had thefr 8 wages token down several had their mfoerable pa, reduced even before they tasted the cheaper food. IVhatever you may choose to say,m misrepresentation of the Anti-Corn-law League, Mr. Bankes, be assured of this, that the League will now prevent you, aud those who act with you, aTtDCORN-LAIY LEAGUE. Unhbalthinebs of the Season.-The re turns made to the Salisbury Registrar, for the current quarter, of deaths which have taken place in the three parishes of the city, exceed the usual average by about °° £biob8ter Gaol at a Premium.-The other week a vagrant named Trane promfoed to leave the town il the magistrates would not convict him and he did so, six-Dsnco and a loaf having boon given to him. He reached Flarborough, and then retraced hi steps to Lclcceter, hav-ing been told that our gaol was ths most oomfortable place in which he oould take up his winty quartan! He has accordingly taken lodging there for a fortnight.-Leicester CT Rbntb.-a rumour Is afloat that the Marques of Westminster purposes making a considerable reduction in bit rents, in oonsequtne of tb low prio of produce, and the heavy burdens that at present foil upon th tenantry.-Chester Chronicle. ir One thousand tickets were issued on Wtdnotday for the great free-trade feefivsl at Glasgow, which is fixed ior tho 11th instant. Curious and Fatal Accident.-On Saturday last as s man named Saby, a Burton and Kettering carrier, was riding through Barton Seagrave, with bis son, a young man of about 18, an elm tree, standing In the cbnrobyanf, tell on the cart, Injured slightly the lather, and broke the son's back. Some men were employed in felling the tree, and it appears had cut it away on one elde, without being a ware that the other was considerably decayed. A rope had been sent for by which to control its fall but before the return of the person sent the tree fell, and at the instant of Its foil the unfortunate subjects of ths accident wore pas ing by.-Northampton Herald TRIAL of BESSON far the MURDER of M. MARCELL ANGR, COURT OF ASSIZES' OF THE RHONE. Eighth Day, Dec. 26. Immediately after the opening of the oourt, M. Bsc said that he was desirous, before addressing the Jury in reply to M. Laohaud, to put a few questions to M. Boric, the physi cian of Puy. The President ordered M. Borle to be recalled. The witness having appeared, H. Bac asked him whether he was notat Chamblas on the 2d September for the porpoee of performing tbe autopsy of the body of M. de Marcellange, and whether on that occasion he bad not seen Beeson, and what was his condition. M. Boric replied that during the whole of tbe time that he was at Chamblas he saw Beeson moving about. He waited upon them at table and witness, as a physician, and for another motive which it was not necessary to state, looked at him particularly. He saw only the recent traces of small-pox, but the idea of Besson being unable to walk had never once entered his mind. M. Bac Then you thiuk Besson was able to walk ? M. Bori£ I repeat that the idea of hi not being able to do ao never entered my mind. The Abbh Paul now expressed his wish to rectify the de position that be had made. The President said he had been twice before the court, and plenty of time had been afforded him to rectify eyery error that he had committed. The Abb4 Paul I have said that Mari# Boudon had men-tloned to my servant that she had told M. de Marcellange to be on his guard. I wish now to state that it was M. de Marcellange himself who told me that Marie Boudon had made use of this language to him. M. Bac now rose to reply to M. Lachaud. His speech, which lasted three hours, was very brilliant and powerful, but necessarily in a great degree a repetition of what he had said in his first address. He ' evidence very minutely again went through the dwelling forcibly upon all the depositions which tended directly or indirectly to show that Beeson was not in the condition oi health at the time of the murder represented by the counsel for the de fence, and that there was consequently no physical imposs-sibility of his having been the murderer. The evidence of objections of t He then proceeded entitled to great weight with the jury. . to examine the evidence for the alibi, and contended that it was altogether a failure. Alluding to Mme. de Mar cellange and her mother, who bad not ventured to make their appearance on the present trial, a d to the excuse which had been set up for their delence, he denied that they had any reason to dread the excitement which it i had been got up against them, or that they were the victims of calumny. Their absence, said M. Bac, was to be attributed to other motives. They dreaded the search lug interrogations to which they would be subjected. He noticed ae a striking foot that these ladies, who at tbe assizes for the Puy de Dome bad sworn so positively to no alibi, had not been so positive until the necessity of such evidence in favour of Besson became necessary, as the only means of saving him. Madame de Marcellange, iu a deposition which she had made relative to Araac, had said she thought Besson was at Puy on the evening of the 1st of September. He concluded by expressing his conviction of the guilt of Besson, ana of the impossibility of coming to any other opinion from the evidence which the jury had heard on the present trial. M. Lachaud rose to reply, but he had not proceeded far, when, from the fatigue of his previous exertion, he was evidently in an unfit state to continue, and applied to the court for the indulgence of an adjournment ontil the following day. The President eaid that, notwithstanding the length of time which the trial had already ocoupied, he was very wil ling to consent to the application of the learned gentleman, if he felt confident that his indisposition would not prevent his resuming his arguments on the next day. M. Lachaud said he had every reason to hope he would be able to continue his address on the following day but, should he be uuable to do so, he would confide the task to one of the gentlemen who were engaged with him for the defence. The President then adjourned the court until next day at nine o'clock. Ninth Day, Dec. 27. The oourt was again crowded to excess. Whilst the usual formalities of the opening were going on, it was whispered that Mme. de Marcellange and her mother were at Lyons, and that domiciliary visits bad been paid to several houses, in the hope of discovering them, and inducing them to ap pear. AU attempts to find them, however, had been fruitless. It was added that M. Vincent Saint Bonnet, one ot the counsel engaged for them, had only consented to give his assistance on the express condition that they would make their appearance in court. When Besson was broaght into court every eve was ired more downcast than on irved to walk with difficulty, ct that presented Berard, the mat-turned towards him. He api any preceding day, and was of ana to lean for support upon ever itself on his way to the prisoners'' tress-maker, who was under surveillance, on the charge of having deposed falsely against Besson, appeared to be al most overcome with emotion. He sighed frequently, and raised his eyes to Heaven. Araac was as animated as ever, apparently indifferent to everything but ths notority of bis position. Jacques Bernard, the other man, who was con demned for perjury in favour of Besson, at Riom, remained in bis usual state of apathy. M. Lachaud, on rising to address the jury, thanked the courtforits indulgeuceinadjourning the proceedings on ac-countof his indisposition, andsaid he trusted he should now have sufficient strength to go through the task, and convey to the jury his own conviction of the innocence of the pri soner. The learned gentleman then went through the re mainder of the evidence for and against Besson with the same tact and skill ai he had already evinced, commenting npon the weak points of the testimony for the prosecution, and bringing forth, in the strongest possible manner, all that could tell to the advantage of hie client. When he had concluded, he again alluded to the absence of Mme. de Marcellange.aud her mother. He said M. Bac has re marked on the llight of the ladies of Chamblas, and has told yon that. If they were not the accomplices of Besson, they would have been here. To me, however, it appears, that their absence Is the gravest obstacle to the acquittal of Besson. I will revsrse the argument of the partie civile, and say that, if the ladies of Chamblas were the accomplices of the prisoner, they would not, dreading any disclosures which he might make in their absence, have quitted him for an instant. Would they not, if they were his accomplices, be constantly at haHd to urge him by their looks to persevere iu a system of denegation 1 On Friday last I wrote to them to sum mon them to Lyons, and to appear before you. I had hoped that they would have complied with the urgent re quest that I made, but they are not come. They are cowardlv, it is said-they are cowardly. And who is it that says this ? You, Monsieur Turchy de Marcellange-you who are courageous. You have had the good, or rather the ill, fortune, for it will cost you dear one day, to cause your hatred to pass into the conviction of an honest man M. Bac , full of talent and ardour. He is a man of feeling. He saw you weep, and wept with you, and when he weeps he is unable to detect the guile which is con cealed by the tears of another. Having succeeded with him, you charged him with a terrible mission, and, as his convictions are profound, he has performed it in a terrific manner. He has crushed these unfortunate women with all the weight of his eloquence. I have read the speech which he made at Riom. I bave heard his speech here, and I can appreciate the force of the calumnies which he has heaptd upon these ladies. And you think it is a difficult thing to calumniate, M. Trucby de Marcellange! If the ladies • f Chamblas were not Bimple and pious women if, wh u they heard of your calumnies, instead of falling on their knees before God to implore from him strength t' resist and pardon, they nad followed y u to the fit Id of calumny, do you think they would haio feunl it difficult to reach you? I have addressed grave reproaches to you, but there is a feeling for which I give ou credit. I am sure you regret the death of your rother, and that it has filled your mind with grief. I se • that you have fraternal piety. And yet, if the ladies of Chamblas bad been desirous of calumniating you, they migl t have done so thsy might have set up against you the most monstrous, the most calumniatory accusations. Do you know what they might have said to you? They might have said that the most strange and sinister presentiments agi tated you that you had almost fixed the date of the dea'li of your brother. I kuow that this would have been mon strous, for I bow before vour fraternal love.but lam desirous that you should be made to comprehend fully the extent t f evil, ot which calumny is capable, the evil you have com mitted and that which might have fallen upon you had you iu your turn been accused, and which calumny would have been the more terrible on account of your strange presen timents, you having fixed, ae it were, the period of your brother's death, with the fact added to all this, that at the time wh n you were speaking thus, a will bad been mad in your favour. I am willing to admit that all this would I am willing to acknowledge that you During the dtliber atom Of ti Jury gleet igitstom un veiled in court. The regietrer-eaHea ever the neerae Of t®? witnesses, who oeme in crowds to Isshi tho neyMBt el-lowed by ths lew for their etteudeuee. Most Of then, ■ soon as they had received their zeoaey, quitted toe oourt, apparently indifferent ae to whet might be to result 4 the deliberation of too jury At the end of en hour tho jury returned and, having taken their seat , th President said, Upon my honour and my conscience, in the pretence of God and men, C declaration oi the jury is on the first question- I to a cosed guilty of having, in ths evening of the let Septemb . 1840, committed voluntary homicide on th person oi M. de Marcellange in his chateau of Chamblas?-Yoe, by a majority on tho circumstance Ol premeditation nnd sur prise, Yes, by a majority. No declaration of extenuating circumstance war mad by the jury. M. Bac This is a sentence of death. Besson, who had heen removed from the court when the jury retired, was now brought in tgain. Ho wns exceed ingly pale, almost inanimate. Araac and Bernard, who had been removed with Beesen, were not brought beck. The verdict of the Jury wna now rend to the prisoner. Ho heard it without uttering a word. The Procureur-Generel called upon the court to pronounce sentence ol death, and to declare la the interest of society, by way of example, that the execution should take piece in the public square at Puy. The President Accused, have you anything to say as to the application of the punishment? Beeson was silent, but held down his head, and wept. M. Lachaud was at this time absent trom the court, Whilst the judges were in their council-room deliberating on the sentence, every eye was fixed on Beeson. He re mained without movement, his head resting on bio left hand. He appeared to be suffering great mental agony. The judges having returned, the exaddri pro-found 8ileuee, pronounced sentence of death, oroennff the prisoner to be executed on the public £ , . P Whilst all this sad formality was the mattress-maker, appeared to to a otopor. U scarcely heard the President when he ordered the sumii fonce under which he had been placed to cease, and that he should be set at liberty. u , fhj Besson was removed by the gendarmee. He was at tb time in such a state that he ar J rlttokS reaching a waiting-room to which prisoners are nret ween when they are removed from the court, he gain a little courage. He struck his forehead W wfth his right hand, and said For all that, the whole ot what mv counsel said was the truth. . A Lyons letter of the 28th states, 'hat Beeeo notice of his intention to appeal to the Court O' v.aareiwu against his sentence. ASYLUM FOR FEMALE ORPHANS. To the EDITOR or the MORNING CHRONICLE. Sir-Thera are eleven candidates for the vacant morning preachership to this institution. The right of election lie in the governor , who, fortunately for the interests of the charity, constitute a numerous body. Ten of the reverend gentlemen who aspire to the preachership have made the canvass which has taksn place on all former occasions o a vacancy in this office. The eleventh clergyman has offered to serve gratuitously, so long as he may be unbeneficed provided the governors will spare him the trouble and ex pense of soliciting their votes in his own person, or through his friends. This offer has been blazoned to the world In the columns of ths John Bull newspaper. I, therefore, as one of the fjj justified in making my comments upon it. The writer rays. Nor, perhaps, should we have even alluded to the subject, but for the desire eventually to serve this excellent as well as to render 4 the honour due to one ot thoifi clergy men. more particularly since we have been credibly in formed that, though without any professional emolument, or private fortune beyond what is absolutely necessary tor a comfortable subsistence, he has, in the handsomest man ner, spontaneously offered to the aeylum his gratuitoui services, ho long as he shall continue nnbene-ficed. We have already stated the condition. Now, sir, it appears to me, that no honour u duo to the reverend gentleman for this propoeition, and tnat lt is the very reverse ot handsome. First, it is unfair towards his reverend brethren, the ten other candidates. They must necessarily in j?reat part belong to a class ot tne clergy, many oi whom have not that private tortune neces sary for a comfortable subsistence, and, therefore, though at least as disinterested es this gentleman, as zealous in their ministry, and ae anxious to do good to the poor, could not afford to labour without the hire which has been appointed for the office they solicit, by the governors ot a well-managed charitable institution. Thus, though amongst them there might be in every respect more eligible can didates, if this very suspicion liberalitv upon the part of one whose time is unemployed, and whose comfort able subsistence is assured-were to be permitted, they would be all driven from the field. Nor, in point of fact, can I see any more liberality or gentlemanly conduct ana feeling in this handsome offer than if, in my own pro fession, I were spontaneously to offer my gratuitous ser vices to a public company in a suit at law. If I aia so, however I might-and however sincerely I might-allege my belief in the excellence of the company, I sbou a re ceive no credit for disinterestedness, and no gentleman would be disposed to honour me, either in private so ciety, or in public, through the columns of a news-paper. My object would be held to be clear enough. This fellow, it would be said, is without anv professional emoluments, but he wants to get them and in order to ao so, he is resorting to dishonourable means. Now let us look at this unemployed clergyman's case, and see It it differs materially from that I have put with reference to a briefless barrister. He is willing, so long ae he shall remain unbeneficed, to give his gratuitous services preacher to a charity, which his advocate in the Jcau Buie informs us is under the immediate patronage of the Aren-bishop of Canterbury!!-the Duke aud Duehess of Lam-bridge being the president and patroness. It is also snp-ported by several ladies ot distinction as vi patronewea while among the vice-presidents are Sir E. PeeK - Lord Lyndhurst!!! the Bishop of Winchester! the Bishop of Lincoln! Lord Bexley, Ac.Icc. Now, eir, ' ' me sk. is there a clerical office in London in which a man of abinty would be more likely to preach himself into a beE '™' than this preachership to an institution, which numbers amongst it presidents and governors those in whossi hana is so very large a portion of church patronage . And is t e offer upon the part of an unemployed clergyman, wltn means of comfortable subsistence, to serve gratuitously the effort to procure professional advancement and rewara, so disinterested and so very honourable to him as it has been described by his panegyrist in the John Bull 7 Cue more question. If a cadetship in the Honourable brat India Company's service be worth £100, how much woul this pieacherahip be worth to one properly qualified to ie-charge its duties ? I am, sir, your obedient servant, A BRIEFLES8 BARRISTER. Temple, January 1, 1843. To thr EDITOR op thr MORNING CHRONICLE. Sir-On seeing a paragraph in the Saunderss News Letter of this morning, copied from your paper, and signea an Irish Amateur, in which my name is mentionea, I lose not a moment in begging that you will be kina enough to correct one error which gives me much uneasi ness, wherein it! states that the committee for erecting the column in Trafalgar-square obtained a copy ot the statue by Kirk, in Sackville-etreet, to serve as a model ot their figure. Your correspondent must havs been misln-formtd, as I never knew or heard of such an occurrence. By your giving this an insertion in your valuable paper you will greatly oblige, sir, vour very bumble servant, 3 6 THOMAS KIRK, Sculptor. 21, Jervis-street, J0ublin December29,1842. Central Criminal Court.- This morning, fit ten o'clock, this session commences in the Justice-haU, Old Bailey, being the ninety-ninth, and the third of the present mayoralty. Considering tbe short interval since ' ation ol the last session the calendar is numeri-ienal charao-your have been infamous. are incapable of assassination from interest but why do you think the ladies of Chamblas were more capable of it than yourself ? Learn, M. Trucby de Marcellange, that the calumny of which you are guilty may be turned against yourself. Ths ladies of Chamblas are pious women, and they must have been so to submit without recrimination to the disgraceful position in which you wished to place them. These poor women must have been full of mercy not to have thought of turning upon you the weapon which you bave so cruelly employed against them. M. Lachaud now adverted to the evidence which had been given as to the appearance of a mysterious stranger in the neighbourhood of Chamblas six days previously to tbe murder, for the purpose of showing that, as for as suspicion want, it was reasonable to suspect this person of the crime which was attributed to Besson. Al luding to an observation that had been made on tbe other side, of his having spoken favourably of Araac, he raid I have not said that I admired his character, his senti ments, his acts but what I have admired is the foie , tbe energy of his nature, derived from a solitary life in the midst of rocks, ths elevation of mind and intelligence The Procureur-General Permit me, M. Lachaud, to observe that public morality is in danger from such obser. various. M. Lachaud Be not alarmed, sir. I am not of the school which deifies crime. I am not one of those who pardon everything in greatness, of whatever kind. I do not bow before great criminals. The learned gentleman concluded his powerful address by saying to the juryI pray God.at this supreme moment, to inspire you with a conviction of the innocence of the un happy man nt the bar, in order that you may restore him to his family, and to the brother, who is now behind me, and who is come for him from his native mountains. I have done rations. ' H. v Laciieud, who w evidently still suffering severely from indisposition, now rat down in E state of exhaustion. During the whole of the speech of M. Lachaud, Attic, Bernard, and B4rard, listened with the most profound at-tention. Arsaewas especially attentive. At the different phot's of the arguments ho frequently 11 d and oera-lionally nodded approbation. Hie eye wa brilliant, and hi countenance was at timet full of emotion and intolilgonoe, The President Beeson, hav you anything to add m jour defenos? Besson rose, and advancing towards the President, re plied in a firm voice, No, M. Is President. The President then summed up the evidence on Dot® ■idee, leaving out all that had no direct bearing on the ao-c ligation , At one o'clock the jury withdrew to deliberate on their verdict. . . , The questions put to them by the court were as follow Is Jacques Besson guilty of having, on the night of the let September, 1840, committed with premeditation and sur prise, voluntary homicide on theperson of Iaiuis Viuehardm de Marcellange ? Is Jacques Besson guilty of having, by gifts, machinations, or promises, excited the author or authors of the said murder to commit it, and has be thus rendered himself a accomplice ? I the termination domestic servants, and from the person. Beyond the num ber committed down to Saturday, there are several under a course of examination at the various police eeurte, some ot whom are charged with murder and other heinous crimes. There are also a variety of misdemeanors, which were tra versed from the late sessions, so that the court will probably be occupied the entire week. The judges on the rota are Mr. Baron Gurney, Mr. Justice Erakine, an'd Mr. Justice Wightman. The late Fire in Goodman's-fields.-The adjourned meeting of the inhabitants was held on Friday evening in the spacious room of the Swan Tavern, Mansell-street, fit seven o'clock, tbe Rev. Mr. Champneys in th chair. Messrs. Cook, th treasurer and secretary for tba relief of the unfortunate sufferers, stated that the total amount of subscriptions up to that time was £351 4s. 5d., of which there had been £274 3s. already awarded. Alter passing various resolutions, to be advertised in the publio papers, and a vote of thanks to the treasurer, secretary, and the worthy chairman, tor their strenuous efforts on bo-half of the sufferers, the meeting, which was both nume rous and respectable, separated. Explosion of Gab.-On Saturday night, shortly after seven o'clock, an alarming explosion of gas took place at the Travellers' Club, in Pall-mall. The explosion sounded as if from the discharge of a piece of ordnance. It was soon discovered that the gas-pipes which run along the ceiling of the billiard-room on the second floor had burst, and the gas igniting had exploded, and tore away a great portion of the oeiling. The fire-engines were in at tendance very shortly, but fortunately their services were not required, for no fire could be discovered. The damage is estimated at about £100. Burglary.-Extbneivr Robbery of Plate and Jewellery.-Information reached the head police-offiee, Great Sootland-yard, yesterday, of the following ex tensive burglary -At an early hour on the previous morn ing the dwelling-house of Messrs. James and John 8mi b, knowu as Monkton Farm, situate in the parish of Brough ton Gifford, in the county of lYilts, was feloniously broken into and entered by four persons. A variety of thing were stole , chiefly consisting of gold and silver articles, amount ing to a very great sum of mousy. The whole of the offen ders are fit present unknown, but to aid in their ppro henslon a reward of £30 is offered. On the news reaching London, one of the officers of the detective force wee In stantly despatched to the neighbourhood whew the robbert was committed, to make lnqulriss, and to endeavour to d e tect the guilty partie . _ , Death from Tight Lading.-On Tuotdey t 20th, an inquest we held by Mr. Cains, fit th virarago house, Combo 8t. Nicholas, near Chard, on ths body of Jen Fowler, a young woman of about 19 year of age. to service oi th# ffiv. F. L. Moynv. It operand in rrideno that th deceased had lately wx n to Ifietog bereolf WT tightly, and had oven required aeeietaae of nor WltoJ servant to dress henolf tightly. On Thuredav evratag wes token ill, but notUng soriou Friday morning when she had dressed henolf, eheweemuoR worse, and before a surgeon could arrive she wosaoorpjo. From an examination of the body.there appa od -inquest to bave been an internal hemorthfig wUeh nra caused death, and a verdict was returned aooordiogiy. ,r BoiL m ExPL08ION. - On Thursday, 1 explMfon took plaite at the petrel town. Tho o'clock,an explosion took place Mine torvot Messrs. Webster, at DopH®' blmr up 4 tn boiler, which was a very L Sfofthe apart meat fn mendous crash, carrying .7 .1 aerisue damage to ato y toTwo o , ~ivtti alight fojurfe. -County Herald ISJ
[OCR_aligned] jover Dor •ays, tlii ■ family natural. for the DruMi -Id th Th, .1 is temporary, aud k r that cf the old Entir hi At he ruled o nr both orer that tribe not aubl beeddfaturttmea. • Both '•nir a k n of the I'aohe of • 1'oktr y ields tine at th s about Set-via an e. Th the French A mb ueiador • declared ilia ■- ■ e protector# id, cons  and hare experienced a further ri e of l per cent., Console beimj now quoted 94@ to J e@ div., for the opening Bank Stock, 172@ Three per Cents. Reduced, 94 to 5 the Threc-and-a-Half per Cents. Reduced, 101@ to@ India Bonds, 52. to 4. prem. Exche@ quer Bills, under the influence of the purchases made by the Government broker, are now quoted at Aho high price of 01s. to 63@a prem. In the Foreign Securities there has been a dispo@ sition shown to speculate in some of the low-priced South American Stocks. The only description of Portuguese Securities now quoted in the official list os the New Portuguese Converted, it being supposed that all parties interested in these securities will ultimately convert their bonds. Spanish Secu@ rities are a shade lower than yesterday. The following are the closing quotations iu the Foreign House -Spanish Active Bonds, 18@ to@@ De@ ferred, 10 @to @Passive, 4 to @New Threes, 23@ to@ Mexican Bonds, 31J to 2 Deferred, 9@ to@@ Portuguese Converted, 3@3 Belgian, 101@ to 2@ Braid lias, 71 to 72 Buenos Ayres, 25 to 27 Chi@ lian, 74 to@0 Colombian, 23@ Danish, 84 to 85 Dutch Five per Cents., 101 to@@ ditto Two-and-@a-Half@per Cents., 53 to @. This day week we alluded to the suspension of payments of the Yorkshire Agricultural Bank, and to the attempts made by a deputation of the direc@ tor@ who had come to town to form new arrange@ ments to enable the company to resume business, whicbi, however, bad up to that time been unsuc@ cessful. The news from the country to-day brings inte-lt igence of the final winding-up this concern, after having lost all the paid up capital of £211,000, and £100,000 besides. The greatest distress prevails in 'lie district where the bank was situated, and a call of £3 per share on 615 partners will still be tu-ceseary to make good the outstanding deficiency. Tftq grossest blunders are said to have been com@ mitted by the board of management, and all the 'ivi lends were paid out of the capital. In this •ase . as in many otheis, the shareholders appear to t'lairt been ruined by misplaced confidence, and want of due control. The Share Market continues at yesterday's quota@ tions, viz.@@London and Birmingham, 98 to 100 pvem. Great Westerns, 24@ to 5@ prem. South Veste@ms, 02@ per share Brightens, 36@ to@@ per .share Black walls, 5@ to J per share North Mid@ land, 62@ to 3@ per share Paris and Rouen, 5@ to 6 prem. in Joint stock Bauks, London and Westminster Bank shares were done at 21@ per share and the new shares of the Provincial of Ireland at@31 . The following are the returns of the receipts of the undermentioned railways, for the weeks ending the dates specified -Loudon and Birmingham, Dec. 24 £16,886 8 10 Great Westerns, Dec. 25 13,061 0 5 London and South Westerns, Dec. 26 5, 516 14 6 South Easterns, Dec. 29 1,712 18 10 Eastern Counties, Dec. 25 047 7 11 Loudon and Brighton, Dec. 24 3,370 0 5 Loudon and Blackball, Dec. 20 569 11 0 London and Greenwich, Dec. 20 825 0 7 Croydon, Dec.27 222 6 7 North Midland, Dec. 24 4,330 12 8 York and ditto, Dec. 24 1,706 11 5 Midland Comities, Dec. 24 2,718 2 0 Edinburgh and Glasgow, Dec. 24 1,603 18 4 Grand Junction, Dec. 24 7,741 18 6 At a special general meeting of the proprietors of the Croydon Railway Company, held on Tuesday last, tlie report from the directors recommended the proprietors to discontinue the carrying trade, owing to the refusal of the Greenwich board to treat with them for a settlement of the toll question. The chairman stated that the arrangements made with the South Eastern Company would enable the Croy@ don hoard to resume the traffic whenever a fitting opportunity presented itself. It appeared that the fipunscs were about £200 a week, while tbe receipts bud fallen short of that amount by £10 or £12. The passengers carried between London and Croydon wire about 700 per we k. A return of the receipts from the 1st of August to tbe 13th of December showed Bett receipts of £5,299 not much above £300 a week, although during a portion of that time the 3d. toll only had been in operation. After a lengthened discussion, the period lor aban@ doning the carrying irade seems to have betn post@ poned until the 25th of March and a committee w s appointed to negotiate with the Greenwich Company, with a view of endeavouring to effict some arrangement to enable the Company to go on. A pamphlet on the Tea Trade, just published by the editor of the Public Ledger, states that in tbe year 1839 the highest price of the year paid for Company's Congou at the tale price was@2 . 7d. per lb. the lowest, Is. 5d. per lb. stock on tbe 31.t of December, 52,500,000ibs. stock of Company's Congou, 33.000chests delivered for home cot,sump@ tion, 32.366,4121bs. gross duty paid, £3,363,963. in 1840 tbe highest price was 3s. 31. per lb. lowest, Is. lid. stock 31st of Dec., 46,500,0001b?. stuck of Company's Congou, 28,700 chests quan@ tity deliver, d for home consumption, 35,136,2321bs. gross amount of duty paid, £3,600,008. In 1841 the highest price was 2@o 91. per lb. lowest, is. 4Jd. stock 31st of Dee.,@36,000,0001bs THB MORMNG CHRONICLE, MONDAY, at a yearly cost of about £9,000,000 to the consumers, whereot £3,500,000 is paid for duty to the Crown, and the remainder, being £6,500,000, be says, is appro@ priated by the importers, and in profit divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. Th@U esti@ mate seems to be founded on the basis that there are 30,000,000 of pounds of tea consumed annually, at 6 . per lb. Taking, then, the highest sale prices for the years 1839, 1840,1841, and 1842, the average is 2b. lid. per lb., leaving 2s. Id. of profit for every pound of tea, to be divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. We should like much to see an analysis of the component parts of this propor@ tion of profit paid by the consumers to the two branches of the tea trade. How much goes to the wholesale dealers, and how much of it to the re@ tailers? It is to be regretted that the writer ol the pamphlet did not enter into these points, and at the same time into a discussion of the expediency of maintaining a uniform duty of 2i. Id. per lb. on all qualities of teas and whether or not it would not now lie proper to return to the old ad valorem prac@ tice, which is acknowledged to have been an excel@ lent system, and seems to have been given up in 1834, without sufficient inquiry regarding its practi@ cability, when the monopoly of the East India Com@ pany was dissolved. We have received a communication this day only from Mr. Taskvr, the chairman of the com@ mittee of Spanish bondholders,, and several letters also from other parties interested in Spanish finance. We shall hereafter advert to these communications, and insert such of them as may appear to possets sufficient public interest. The following were the official quotations at the different markets during the day -BKULISn SURDS. Bulk Stock, 172VR S per Cl. Red,. s 4 India Ronds, 52 4 pm. Rank Stock for ACC.. 173 Conaolsforoptnlng, 94 4 Fxcheq. Bills, fil.OOO.sd.o 01 8 pm. Exchequer Ri@Nst MM , 2d., 01@8 pra. Ditto Small. 24.. 01 3 00 pm. 8 perCt. Red., ioi HKH Lon Anns., 'xp. Juh. 5, 11 16 I onjc Anns. 30 Years, exp. Oct. 10. ' • M # ' 16 FOB Bid N FUNDS. Buenos Ayr.s, 20 Ditto Aoc., ?s Colombian@@ per C@L 1824,2296 H 3 Colon.b. 6 pr Ct. 1821 Acc@@ 22 3 Color b. ex Venesuela, 11 Mt'iican 1837 ACC., 82 1 PortuKuose@@Sper C@L New, 41@H Portuguese Converted, 81 RAILWAYS Rrlttol and Exeter, 48 9 Cheltenham and Great Western, 20 1 Eastern Counties New, 1094 Great Western, 90 Ditto New, 01 4 Lon . A Brighton, 96 H Ditto Scrip, 17 M ISO KLLANKUU8. Heal del Monte Unref,, 3 J Pros. Bank of Ireland New, 8194 Lend. 6c Westmr. Bask. 21 1 PortugueseConvertedAcc.,31 8 Portuguese 8 per Cent., 26 Sp nisn 5 per Cent., 18 @Ditto Acc@@ 18 Spanish 3 per Cents., 24 Ditto Aco., 24 96 Dutch 5 per CL, 101 Lond. and Black wall, 5@ Lon 4. at id Birmiaabam, 189 Lond. and Birin. New, 33 North Midland, 68 Rouen and Harre. 2 South Eastern and Dover, 22 MANCHESTER STOCK EXCHANGE. Dbc. 30.-We have nothing par the state of our markets to-day. quoted. There lias been nothing @@@@@@@@LONDON TRADE REPORT. Saturday Evenins.-We have not heard of any trans@ actions of consequence to-day in either Tea or Tallow. The Cotton market is still firm, and prices perhaps a shade higher. THE MANUFACTURING DISTRICTS. Bolton.-Counterpanes are in more animated request here, but still manufacturers complain of the low remune@ ration they receive for their goods. There is a steady sale for qailtlngs, fine muslins, and power-loom cloths, Bradford.-This being tbe last market in tbe year, was formerly not an acknowledged market for pieces, but that custom was abandoned a few years ago, and to-day folly hu uveroge business h s been done with former seasons, unci tbe manufacturers are not without considerable hope that at the commencement of the year an improved demand will take place. There is not any marked alteration for yarns, and the continued short time working keepe the stocks low, and prices very firm. During the last week but little busiuess bus been done in tbe wool market, and the dulness applies to all kinds of long wool. In broke and noils the uimind continues steady, and late prices are fully maintained. BABN8LBY.-Manufacturers continue to have a good bueiness doing. The linen trade is firm funcy drills are brisk and wtavers@have moderate employ. Halifax.-Wo canuot report uny alteration in this market, either as to manufactured goods, or the raw ma • teriul. Sales of both proceed steadily, and prices are quite firm. Generally speaking, people are inclined to regard our prospects as, on tbe whole, favourable. Huddersfield.-Business is still most unpromising and uusatisfactory@ and no prospect of au amendment, un@ less there is a revival with the new yiar but at tbe close of the year business is always slack uud seemingly lingering again with re-i the case. on till the arrival of a fresh period, to 1 newed vigour, and we hope such now may Failsworth.-The silk trale ot Failsworth is yet very dull upwards of one-half of the operatives are without work, and the others only partially employed, at lower wages than last Christmas but many are of opinion that iu less than a month there will be a brisk trade. Leeds.-Trade has been very dull and gloomy this week sales have been very limited, aud prices ruinously low. There is a general expectation of an improvement with the new year, which we hope may be realised to its utmost ex@ tent. Wool and Indigo are rather looking up. In the warehouses busiuess continues slack. Manchester.-We have had anjoxtensivelinquiry for most kinds of cloth this week, at an advance on most de@ scriptions, and the market closed very buoyant. Should the commercial news trom China and India be favourable by the next mail, we may hope tor a still further improve ■ meat. Twist is unusually firm, though not generally higher, aud mauy spinners refuse to sell unless at an ad@ vance. On the whole, we are this week decidedly more healthy. • t' Rochdale.-Though there was but a thin attendance of ' j buyers in the market, there has been a very fair demand i for il inncla, considering the time of the year. For eome months back pitces have met with a ready sale, but the i manufacturers have not been able to obtain an advance in ditto Company's Congou, 11,500 cheats quan- orce. In general, even when trade is good, there is but lity delivered for home consumption, 32,262,005ihe.little business transacted between Christmas-day aud the gross amount o@iduty paid, £3,473,9@ol Iu 1842 the stock on hand of Company's Con@ gou, on the 30th of November, was 8,400 chests the highest price 2?. lowest, la. 51. stock at @dose of the year, about@34,000,000 lbs. quantity tuk@@mfor home consumpti@ , 36,000,000 lbs. quantity de@ livered for exportation, stated at@4,000,000 lbs. The sum paid annually by the consumers is stated at about £9,000,000 sterling, whereof £3,500,000 is paid to the Crown for duty, a large portion of the remainder to the importers, and the remainder is tbe profit divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. The extraordinary excitement and specu@ lative action in the tea market, during the years 1830,@1840, 1841, and 1342, are well and graphically described in this pamphlet, a speculation that had its peculiar and distinctive features. Tbs quarrel, of a deep and angry nature, which took place be@ tween the English merchants and the authorities at Canton, led to an impression of war, and to an ex@ pectation of the continuous suspension of the trade. The dealers bought large surplus quantities, retired new market, which is always held the find Mouday after the 6tli of January. The wool market still remains heavy ths dealers expecting a rise from an increased demand for goods, and the manufacturers being unable to give an ad@ vance until thry are enabled to sell their pieces propor-@tiouably higher. COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR-Sunday. Y esterday morning the Queen and Prince Albert walked lal, afterwards the T ' ting excursion, atti moude and Sir E. Bowater. out as usual, afterwards tbe Prioce@rode into the Great-@@@@@@on a shooting excursion, attended by the Marquess ol -park, ifOi-Her Royal Highneis the Duchess of Kent, Lady Fanny Howard, and the Earl and Countess of Haddington joined the royal dinner circle in the evening. This morning her Majesty and l'rinoe Albert, her Royal Highness the Ducheis of Kent, and the household attended divine service in the Private Chapel of the Castle. The Rev. John Vane officiated, and preached a sermon from the 11th verse of the 5th chap, of the 3d Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians. In the forenoon her Majesty aud Prince Albert walked out, and again promenaded in the afternoon, attended by tbe suite. , . Their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales and the merchants bought largely on speculation, and im- , Princess Royal were taken an airing. Sir Robert Peel and Lerd Stanley are expected at @@@@Castle early next week, on a visit to her Majeaty. the porters refused to sell without greatly advanced prices. Hundreds of strangers to the market plunged into it through the agency of j Her Majesty, the Queen Dodger, attended by Viscountess year lo.o , Barrington, took an airing in an open phaeton on Friday, in the drives adjacent to her residence, Canford-house, Dorsetshire. Her Msjesty has taken frequent airings during brokers and dealers. In the year ' 1826 the speculation soon exploded, article@ were driven up like rockets, and exploded with the same rapi@ dity but tbe lato speculation in the tea market had an existence of nearly three years. Twice was peace proclaimed, and twice did the war recommence but with the jsame result Its regarded the trade, which was kept open. Tea was twice at Is. 6d. and twice at 3s. 2d., with innumerable oscillations between these extremes. The speculation, says cur au@ thor, although unfortunate and disastrous in its re@ sults, yielded at different periods large profits. Some few hut very few embraced them, and quitted the field. The large majority, although they occa@ sionally quitted, yet returned aud floated on with the tide, which frequently rolled back with magic speed to low water mark, without leaving time to escape. This passage is rather a figurative way of telling that, although a few of tbe speculators sold nt a profit, the hulk of them held on or renewed their ventures, and were, eventually,' left in the mud, se@ verely punished. The writer of this pamphlet, we observe, does not think that the trade, for a length of time to come, will to any extent be removed from Canton, because hitherto the Hong at Canton have advanced a large portion of the price to the tea mer@ chants before they left Canton for the tea districts to purchase for the ensuing season. He does not expect that the opening uf Amoy and other ports near to the place of growth will be fairly accelerated by the Chinese government aud although the treaty ot Nankin stipulates that a tariff shall be ad@ justed on regular and just principles, he puts small faith in that stipulation, because, in the case of Eugland and France, the duties that ought to be paid upon a bale of cotton twist and a puncheon of brandy have not yet been decided. There is a vast difference, however, between the two cases. Not only the difference that exists as between a civilised nation@ standing on the vantage ground of conquest over its humbled opponent totally unacquainted with tbe forms of European diplomacy, but there is the difference, also, that tbe treaty cf Nankin is th@ sequence of peace between China and England whereas the commercial treaty with France was broken off by a coldness between Frsnce and Eng-@laad, which at one period wore a belligerent aspect. We exD ct that the conditions of the treaty of Nan@ kin wi@U be practically carried out, and that a tariff M on regular and just principles will accordingly be adjusted. We look for that adjustment on the basis of @sir reciprocity, and should this expectation be realised, the admission of British ships to tht ports uf the tea districts will speedily effect a great improvement iu the @Ua market of China white it must, at tbe same time, produce a corresponding diminution in ihe price, free on board, by saving the expense of land carriage now incurred in tra@m-@p •rung the commodity to Canton. The author ot the pamphlet docs not touch upon tbe policy of the present mode of levying the tea duties in this country-a defect, we think, in his ■work that we wish he would yet supply. He in-@lo@ 1 @. that there are about 1,200. chests, or ,K C'-nsnmed daily in the Cnued Ki'.o-d.im From the recent favourable weather. Tbe Duke of Cambridge visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester on Saturday, at Gloucester-house. Mr. Masterm n, M.P., and n deputation, had an inter@ view with tile Chancellor of the Exchequer on Saturday, at his official residence iu Downiug-street. Count lteventlow, the Danish minister, transacted buei@ ness on Saturday, at the office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. Mr. Everett, the American minister, lias returned to town from a visit to Lord Ashburton. His Excellency trans@ acted business on Saturday at the office of the Board of Trade. Deepatcbes were sent off on Saturday evening from t@! Colonial-office, for the Governor of Ceylon. Hbr Majesty thr Quern Dowager.-a Correspondent. -Canford-house, Friday.-Her @AJBSTY continues to enjoy excellent health, and during the week, owing to the prevailing @Sue weather, has almost daily taken carriage airings in this neighbourhood. His Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Wbthar, who arrived on Saturday on a visit to bis illustrious aunt, left on Tuesday to join his regiment at Winchester. Sir David Davies, physician In ordinary to her Majesty, arrived on Saturday, and has since been staying here. We hear that bis Royal Highness tbe Prince of Wales has been suffering from teething, but in other re@ spects he is quite well. The Princess Royal has be@ come much stronger lately. The Lord Chancellor will give his usual de-@jeune to the judges, Ac., on Wednesday, the 11th instant, the first day of Hilary Term. His lordship was in town on Saturday to affix the great seal to the treaty of peace be@ tween this country and China. The Willoughby d'Erbeby Family.-The ooming@of age of the Hon. Albbric Vt illouuhby, son of Lord and Lady Willoughby D'£RB8BV,@heir@of@the noble houses of Perth and Willoughby, in Scotland, andof@Gwy-@der, iu Wales, has occasioned unusual rejoicings on the family estates In the north, and in the principality. At Muthill, a populous village, about a mile from Drummond Castle, Perthshire, the inhabitants evinced their respect to the family, by making Monday last a general holiday. There was a dinner of the principal tenants and feuars at the Masons'-ha@U. The Hon. the Master of Strathallan presiding. The Inhabitants of Crieff had a publio dinner, at which Viscount Strathallan was to have taken the chair, but was prevented by a slight indisposition. Mr. A. Campbell, M.P., Sir David Dundas. Bart., and about IfiOgsntlsmen, were present. In Wales there was an equal mark of esteem displayed by the tenantry. Tbs public din@ ner at Carnarvon, on Tuesday, was most numerously at@ tended. At Llanrwst triumphal arohes were erected, aud two oxen were roasted whole in the market-place, and distributed amongst the poor. There was au entertainment at t@b Town-ha@U, at which nearly 900 dined, in addition to Bsre. The poor of Dolwyddelan, Lana-had six bullocks divided amongst them. pEblic din doget, and Trefrtw, u u uuuw -• Tb Gulnsthorpe tenantry celebrated the event by a public dinner on Monday, and a ball on Thursday last. Earl Spencer h@u been entertaining a few select friends at Althorp-park, since his return from the Duke of Bedford's, at Woburn Abbey. Lord Duncannon is expseted on a visit to the noble lord, and the Hon. Cap@ tain and Mrs. F. Spencer, Hon. Captain and Mr9. Wat@ son, c., have arrived. The Duke and Duchess of Richmond and family have been seeing company at G x-dwood during the week. The Duke and Lady Caroline Lennox arrived at Good-@wood on Saturday week, from a visit to Lord Ward, at Himley Hail. The Right Honourable Sir Robert Pf.el is ex@ pected to leave Drayton Manor,@for Windsor Castle, to-day. 1 aving received an @nvita.i. n to i..ii the rcysil tiro! . THE MAGAZINES FOR THB MONTH. New Year's-day is' a positive day of delight to the maga-@iiae reader. All his customary channels of amusement and information are foil of promise if they are foil of nothiug else, though, to say truth, most of them do their little best to set as good a face as possible on the first num@ ber of a new volume, and poetry, polities, and pleasantry are all burnished up for the festive season. The Tory ma@ gazines are particularly strong in their politics this month, and Blackwood and Frater come forth with their respec@ tive lucubrations, which harmonise about as well as the Tuesday's leader in the TYsies does with that which was printed on the preceding Monday, and which is probably forgotten by all the world, Bave, perhaps, by some rival editor, who enlivens the public by exposing the proverbial consistency of Printing-house-square. Blackwood@t leading article for January is modestly e@u titled, Great Britain at the Commencement of the Year 1843. It is a dissertation, which, by the aid of a multitude of facte, for which the writer stands indebted to bis imagi@ nation, and by a convenient oblivion of others that might have been troublesome to a more retentive memory, makes out a tolerable prima facie case for his clients. Thus, the desperate policy which led our heaven-born mi@ nieter to impose the prop8rty-tax upon the peo' pie is boldly ascribed to the empty condition in which he found the public coffers. Not a syllable is @aid in allusion to the plan by which the late government proposed to replenish those coffers, by opening the Brazils and tbe Baltic to British commerce. These are things it is convenient to target. On the other hand, it@@@ thought fair to assume that the Tory advent has alone sufficed, not only to inspire all foreign nations with a@salu. tary dread, but also to conjure fulness into the Treasury purse. Yet the lost revenue returns presented no such consoliog news, and a few days must yet elapse before w@ cau know what the January tables may bave to tell us. As to the future views@of Sir Robert respecting the sliding' scale, Blackwood is evidently in an uncomfortable state o l suspense. That some further alteration, he says, may not ere long be made on the scale of duties, no one can assert, though we have no reason to believe that any such is at present contemplated but that the principle of the • sliding-scale,' as it Is called, will be firmly adhered to, we eutortain no doubt whatever. The principle of the sibling scale! Where is its prin@ ciple ? You may alter the scale of duties till you take away the last vestige of the farmers' fancied protection. By mul • tiplying rests you may approximate nearer and nearer to a fixed duty, and yet your minister will remain a man as firm in principle, as distinguished for consistency, as before he traversed the floor of the house, or was pushed by the deluded farmers of England into a mischievous power, tbe effects of which they have since felt in common with the rest of the Queen's subjects. The late law appointments, too, must be defended. This is a ticklish matter aud Blackwood, conscious cf what awkward ground he has got upon, runs away at once to Dike shelter in the old worn out cant, that men making their thousands at tbe bar are not to be tempted into office by such paltry salaries as £1,500 a year! From which it is intended, we should Infer, that all those lawyers who surpass Lord Lyndhurst's proteges are making rapid for@ tunes by their profession ! Passing on to foreign politics, it is but just to say that Blackwood has manliness enough to scorn tbe base lies and drivelling nonsense which have been put forward with a view to make the simple part of the public believe that our quarrel with China was entered on in order to force the opium trade upon the Celestial Empire. This atrocious calumny, invented originally for factious purposes, has been eagerly taken up by a hostile press abroad, and by a vast number of dunces at horns, but is calculated to impose ouly on those whose intelligence or information is at an amazingly low ebb. The thing is worn out, however, and Blackwood, by throwing the stale commodity overboard, e how6 that he addresses himself to the better poitioa of his party. But here are his words -@Were we justified in our attack upon the Emperor of Cbipa? We have no hesitation whatever in expressing our opinion, after having had our attention for some years directed to the subject of our relation with China, in the affirmative. From tbe moment of our first intercourse with that people, we have had to submit to a series of indignities sufficient to kindle into fury tbe feelings of any one who merely reads any authentic account of those indignities. The Chinese have long derived an immense revenue, toge@ ther with other great advantages, from us encouraging us to embark a vast capital in our trade with them, and to form great permanent establishments dependent upon it. Language cannot describe the degrading circumstances under which we have been forced to carry on our com@ mercial intercourse with the Chines@ our long submission to such conduct having, of course, insured its continual aggravation. The opium trade, perhaps beneficially, In ought matters to a crisis. It was alleged on behalf of the Emperor that we were surreptitiously, and from motives ol gain, corrupting and destroying his people, by supplying them with opium but it is easily demonstrable that this was only a pretence for endeavouring to effect a change in the medium of our dealings with them, vastly beneficial to the Emperor, and disadvantageous to us. Aud then he proceeds to detail the tariy history of the quarrel, with tolerable fairness, interspersing his narrative, of eourse, with a multitude of unsavoury epithets for the Whigs, chequered with divers eulogistic ravings to the be@ nefit of which his political friends shall at all seasons be heartily welcomed. The miscellaneous articles of Blackwood are, as they mostly are, well selected. Sincerely do we wish we had as well conducted a magazine on our own side. We have not read Caleb@Stukely, but we are assured by those that have been more diligent, that the tale is an excellent one. An Imaginary Conversation, by Savage Landor, is not one of his best, and a paper on the Aris@ tocracies of London Life, is drawn out to a merciless length nevertheless, the former is not without dramatic interest, and the latter contains many healthy truths, though mixed with personal insinuations, the absenco of which would not have weakened the writer's general re@ marks. Two Hours of Mystery is an amusing tale@ and would make an excellent plot for a farce. Talking of farces-Blackwood has actually perpetrated twenty pages of enlogy on Lord Londonderry's last tour! Poor Mar@ quess ! Well may he call on heaven to save him from his friends. His silly book was almost forgotten, and here comes an imprudent piece of puffery to tear open the quiet grave, and force the troubled ghost to stalk abroad again. Among tho poetical contributions to Blackwood this month are some exquisitely sweet lines. Turning to Fraeer@.we are sorry to say that the number Is one that we have looked, through with disgust. The poli@ tical article our eastern policy , is written in all that odious spirit of mingled Toryism and Chartism, in which the vul-@garest portion of the self-styled Conservatives have long loved to revel. But we look not for much in Frater@@ politics, and seldom find them more insipid or less candid than we expect. What in the present number has particu@ larly disgusted us is, the leading article Oliver Yorke at Home , the poorest and most vapid of all the bad imitations oi Blackwood'e once famed Noctee that ever was palmed upon tho public. There was a dashing! braggadocio impudence about the said Noctee, but every oae was willing to forgive the mamie r of the thing for tbe rich matter often contained In it. Oliver Yorke, like all vulgar imitators, fastens on the worst parts of his model, and manifests not the least conception of those excellencies that won our applause. Every barn@ door ranter can imitate the husky voice and the sudden etarts of Edmund Kean, but where ehall we look for his lightning glance and the heartfelt pathoe which thrilled upon our feelings? Even so, tbe veriest hack thet ever drudged in Grub-etreet may assume the drunken impu@ dence in which Christopher North occasionally indulged but hie sparkling humour, his quick judgment of men and thiDgs, were his own, and are not to be put on with the same@ease with which a swell-mob dandy dons the cast-off finery of a peer. Men of sense may sometimes tolerate th@ axcesses of a convivial table, for the sake of the choice spirits assombled there but who would not shun the noisy orgies of a gin-shop, enlivened by no bettor mirth than the second-haud impertinence ol a quality footman ? The Monthly Magazine continues to promise well. As the only Liberal Miecellany in the market, it may be said to enjoy a kind of monopoly, but its corps of contri@ butors must be strengthened, or it will not do the cause a@l the good we have a right to expoet. The Farmer's Fire@ side, the first of a series of Corn-law Tales, is well-timed, aud seems to come from a new hand that will improve with practice. The introduction of Mr. Cobden among the dra@ matis persona@ is clumsily managed, but the rest of tho tale is good, and exemplifies tho protection of the corn-laws with a good deal of force. The remaining articles are well chosen. Nursery Rhymes for Sucking Politicians Is not a bad idea. Here Is ons oi the lullabies intended for Sir Robert's particular use @@Slippery Bob to the formers did hi@ With a tala 'bout eating their misery And as the poor formers did @ding to his foil, He led them @@dunce on the ulifMng §c le. 'Hold tight now.'@says Bobby, @you muoh-lqjured elves,'-So slipp'd sff, and @bit them to slide by themselves. They slid on so swiftly, that scarcely, alack ! Could one of them stop till he fall on his back. Oh fie, foolish formers! you made a line job, Ol clutching the tail of sly slippery Bob. Facts and Figures of General Interest seems Intended to form a standing article in the Monthly, and Is deserving of more extension. Upon the whole, the periodical is one that the Liberal party will do well to encourage. Bentley comes out with great strength. Mr. Ledbury's adventures In Islington, are as amusing as those through which we accompanied him In Paris Crowquill's illus@ trations are excellent, and Ingoldsby's Legend of St@ Medard is alone worth more than twice the cost of the magazine. The rest of tbe number, to be sure, is midioerc en ugb. Among what are called literary notices, but • 'at i. itai.ij a ,#!..re nfi- M,, B ntta s iwn pub-@7 cations, there is a paragraph on Ingoldsby's Legen@£T which that gentleman ought to resent. The publisher should keep such offensive commendations for the illus@ trious obscure of his establish ment. Ainsworth presents us with a sprightly number. Wind@ sor Castle,'' by the editor, continues its slow progress@ The portion in this month's number is strongly spiced with diablerie in the Castle oi Otranto style. The Legend of Normandy and a Venetian Romance art also not the best sort of reading just before bed time for nervous young ladies, or for yonng gentlemen of susceptible timidity. Mr. Blanchard's Dream at Hoplodge, though likewise dealing in the marvellous, is less harrowing in its super@ natural incidents, and withal an amusing trifling. Work@ ing up Junk is an Incongruous title to a sober matter-of-@fact history of the British navy. A Frenchman, bent on treating our maritime glory as sheer romance, might have deemed the title suitable enough. The Legitimate Drama In China is a heavy pointless piece of humour. The Metropolitan, like Ainsworth and Bentley, Is too much made up of narratives and thaagh, in the present number, there are fewer fragments than in the preceding one, there are still too many by for. Savlndroog, a Hindoo romance, has reached the 28th chapter but having read none of the preceding portion of the story, we presume not to express an opinion on its merits. Some of the shorter tales are good enough in their kind, but are none of them of striking excellence. SECOND LETTER FROM LORD NUGBNT to the REV. JOHN HARRISON on the CONDI@ TION of the AGRICULTURAL LABOURERS. FROM THB AYLESBURY NEWS. Lilies, December 28,@1842. My Dear Sir,-Since about three weeks sgo, when I availed myself of the sanction of your name in ad@ dressing a letter through you to tbe public on the saffer-@ings and wrongs of the labouring poor in our neighbour@ hood, I find that the evil and scandal of disproportionately low wages have been increasing. I have carefoliy con@ sulted the opinions and experience of others as to the calculation, in which you aud I agreed, of tRe lowest amount, and the lowest price, of the food and other articles of consumption necessary for supporting an agricultural labourer, in health aud strength, through the dally work required from him. Subsequent inquiry aud advice have more and more con@ vinced me that, in that calculation, I rather understated than exaggerated the result. I guarded myself, however, throughout against being supposed to aesese the due rate of remuneration for labour by the measure of what may be ne@ cessary for the support of healthy existence. For this would be a principle as preposterously uujust as that of measuring@ iv other marketable commodity by a like I showed that, even at the present price of provisions, no single man in this neighbourhood can maiu-the price of any standard. But I i tain himself in health and strength upon lees than 8s. 3 d. weekly, and no married man with an average family of three children and their mother, upoD less than 14s. 61a. a week, exclusive of harvest wages. I beg those wno think that, in this, I overstated the truth, to give their calculation of the necessaries of life and of the cost of these things to the poor at retail village prices. I said that troops oi willing and able labourers ware wandering through the country seeking in every village and at every door for work, in vain. I said that ths labouring popula@ tion, in mauy of tbe parishes round, in the midst of a re@ dundancy of provisions, and after a prosperous harvest, were iu a state ot destitution, and on the verge of famine the result of a baleful artificial system, ruinous to the farmer, and destructive of the peasantry. I showed from the report of the medical pereons who are answerable tor the Banatory condition of the poor in the workhouse, that the labouring population are weakened in health, and their lives endangered by the inadequate means of support, the result of low wages. I seid that I believed 1 that farmers generally bad little power at this time to employ labourers at fair wages and I implored such landlords as had not deeply considered the question of how much de@ pended on them t@ look well to it now for the sake of humanity, for the sake of justice, for the sake of the secu@ rity oi property, to consider the case of those whom I know to be reduced to a cruel alternative, between starving with their families, or being driven through despair to degrada@ tion. The poor are kindly, honest, and long-suffering in their want but they must not be urged too for in this dreadful trial, or be made to endure to tbe last, because of tbe ill-requited patience with which they have already en@ dured so much. 1 declined, in my farmer letter, to specify examples of misconduct towards the poor, in particular parishes, but it would be trifling with so fearful and so urgent a subject to continue to deal with generalities only, and so perhaps risk the falling under a charge of bringing general accusations without power to particularize. Some wretched men I fell in with, a few days ago. 1 questioned them. I heard their statement. I inquired into its truth. It has been confirmed to me. They were from the parish of Waddeedon. In that parish a great portion oi the labouring poor are without employ, and, therefore, without means of subsistence. Those who are employed are em@ ployed according to the iniquitous and ruinous system of wages apportioned to tbe extent of families, and received for work,@under the name of wages,6s.@a@week to men with@JamiU.es, and. to single men is., the latter allowance being less than one ha@f of what I have shown to be necessary for proper subsistence. I have lately returned from' pass@ ing a fortnight in Leicestershire. I find the general rate of agricultural wages there to be 12s. a week iu many in@ stances, l! e. in some, higher varying according to the quality of the labourer. Aud there, caals, a large aud most necessary item in tbe expenses of life, are sold at the rate of 12s. the ton, at ths labourer's door. Here the labourer cannot uuy them at a less rate than 20s. at the wharf, or in hit own village, at the retail dealer's, at s less rate than trom 27s. to 80s. the ton in the one case, without deduct@ ing the expense ot carriage, therefore, at 75 per cent, dearer, and in the other, with that deduction, and the profits of tbe retail dealer, at from 125 to 150 per cent, dearer. I am entitled, then, to ask, unless it be believed that the Leices@ tershire labourer be blindly squandering his money, is the labourer in the vale of Aylesbury justly or honestly dealt with ? . But the answer £iven to all this is, that the action of de@ mand upon supply must always regulate price. Nothing can be truer, and nothing would be fairer if the principle were universally applied nothing more iniquitous where it is not. I repeat over and over again what I have said so often, notwithstanding the charge of reiterating@@ @e@@@ evident, unvarying, and distasteful doctrine, until I ehall find a reasonable answer given to what I believe admits not of controversy, because truth, however evident, un@ varying, or distasteful, demands that it should always be kept in mind. If the occupier of land claim, as a right, protection for the value of his produce, if the landlord claim as a right protection for the value of his land, the value of which must be measured by the value of its produce, the labourer has an equal right, he has a much higher right, to protection for the value of his produce, his labour, because he has no capital to stand out for price during its fluctuations. He is day by day dependent on mar@ kets which, under the present vicious system, destroy him, impoverish the farmer, and against which only the command of capital can enable anv man whose fortunes depend on the value ol agricultural produce to wait upon the fluctuations of what seasons may affect but law has rendered ruinously precarious. It, then, he who rents land, or he who lcte it, claim pro@ tective laws for his produce, but at the same time claim that labour, which gives value to his property, shall remain Unprotected and dependent on hie demand for it, this is to require, under tbe name and sanction of law, the power of committing open and unmitigated robbery a power to demand a protected and arbitrary price for the provisions he offers for sale, and to give an unprotected price, subject only to his own wants, for that labour by which those provisions are produced. I wish to see if there be any fallacy in this view of the subject. If there be, I entreat, I challenge, the exposure of it. If there be not some fallacy in it, which I have been unable to discover, a question on which I observe that all attempt at answer is evaded, I repeat that this unequal prineiple of dealing may be privilege, it may be power, but it is tbe reverse of justice. I should be dishonest, and a dissembler, JANUARY 2. S4 J THE LABOURERS IN DORSETSHIRE.-TO GEORGE RANKES, ESQ, M.P. if I were to soften the phrase. Hence instances, like one which came before me this morning, I am sorry and ashamed to say in the parish in which I live, and in which, to their credit I say it, the formers have generally been more considerate towards the poor than in most of the surrounding ones. A hard-working and good labourer, who is endeavouring to find support for his large family out of the cruelly inadequate wages paid to him by his employer 8s. a week , admitted, when questioned on the subject, that he has been unable, out of that pittance, ever since the setting in of winter, to afford to himself any better nourishment than about three-quarters of a pound of bread each day, with rarely half a poumd of bacon to be divided among his whole family in the week, and that upon this food, as of course must be the case, he finds himself un@ able to face his day's work. So long as I shall have the nnhappinees of seeing such cruelty inflicted upon the industrious and suffering poor, however unpopular the expoeure, by mo it shall never cease to be exposed. I live among formers, I live among landlords, some of whom are considerate, many not. All my habits, ail my interests, are bound up with those of the land. But I will not see ornel injustice daily and systematically committed, without raising my voice to make it known and to protest against it. Then, what is the remedy ? I repeat, I believe it rests mainly with tbe landlords. In tbe meanwhile the unions have a pressing duty to perform. The inquiry should not be only Can you not get employ ?'' It should be Can you not, with all due diligence, get employ at wages that will support you ? If not, you have a right to relief at the publio oharge. You are a pauper, unable, with all the efforts you can make, to support yourself. How often have I heard employers say I have offered him work. I am ready to give him work. It is an obvious truth-and yet truths, however obvious, often require the stating-that work Is no advantage to the labourer. It is the wages of Work that he requires. If I say, in the usual phrase, I will give you employ, that is, in other words, . . . era will be found in every market to take the property of another @o their own pries sad the proprietor would not dis@ cover that any great benefit hsd been done to @Mm, Many@an intolerable wrong in prsotioe is don@ under oover of a fallacy In words. I protest against the specious phrase, H@ can get work. The duty of union@ Is to satisfy themselves that he can got proper wags . If he oannet he Is ontltlsd to relief from raiss. And thsn th@ landlord and t@b former together would arrange ths means for doing Justice, for making th@ interests of ail classes in agriculture a common interest, and in restoring to th@ land, and to all that lhrt by it, that steady prosperity which it never ha@ known sines, end never can know while, laws of fluctuating Influence counteract the order of a wise and good Protldeuee, by which all people are enablod to supply each other's wants with mutual benefit to all. I am, my dear sir, with great truth, Faithfully yours,@ To th Rsv. John Ifarrison. Nugent. • This parish b@Aongs to the Duke of Marlborough, a non-resident landlord. Income Tax.-Durham.-We understand that, in consequence of Sir Robert Peel's income tax. tbe practice of giving Christmas boxes iu this town is well nigh aban@ doned. Tjras the poor, as well as tbe middle.classes, feel the effects of ibis galling and obnoxious impost.-Durham County Herald. 1... , Sir-Having just read your speech, delivered on the 24th of December, at the dinner of the Blandford agricul@ tural meeting, aud having recently visited your estate to inquire into, and report on, the condition of the laboure@n employed by you and your tenants, and also those em@ ployed by other landowners and their tenants in your dis@ trict of the country, I feel myself constrained to address you thus publicly on some of the toples of your speech. First of the Anti-Co@m-law League. You say- Nor is the principle on which the League is founded more odious, as being adverse to the spirit of our constitution, than its pro@ ceedings are hatefnl as being adve@ne to the spirit of our law. And again you say- The voice of the people of England is not to be bought with money. Petitions, how@ ever, are to be procured, and it Is not one of the least grievous circumstances which attend those efforts, that the sacred right of petitioning may thus be brought into dis@ credit by its abuse. And is it to be believed that £50,000 is requisite to induce the people of England to petition for a matter on which, we are told, they have already set their hearts ? In these passages, Hr. Bankes, you attempt to impress your hearers with the most unworthy opinion of the League you could wish them to be possessed of-the belief that the £50,000 fund is to be expended in getting up parliamentary petitions for the purpose of injuring agriculture. At the same time you profees to have no fear of the Teague you compare it to the fly on the oarriage-whee , which said See what a dust I'm making and you conclude by saying, Let us take care that the evil day, be it short or be it long, shall nut fall upon those who are lees able to bear it than ourselves let it not fall on the labourers. We have all, against a rainy day, tight roofs and blazing fires let not these comforts be wanting to the poor. To-morrow, oa the great anniversary of Christian thankfulness, we shall each, in our happy homes, enjoy the social circles of relations and friends and, trust me, our own cheerful hearths will seem to burn the brighter when we remem@ ber that our cottagers have bright hearths and cheerful circles too. Buch professions of kind regard for the poor are not un@ usual at the meetings of agricultural societies neither are such fears for the prosperity oi agriculture as you profess to entertain, in connection with the proceedings of the League, unusual on the contrary, the commonest features iu the proceedings of sucli meetings as that at Blandiord@ are the reiterated assertions that the soil of England can only be cultivated if protected from foreign competition and that, above all things, tbe employment and welfare of the labourers demands that the cultivation of tbe land should not be endangered. These being tbe most usual aud most forcible arguments put forth in defence of the corn-laws, it became a question with the League to as@ certain how far these arguments were well founded. I an one of the individuals whom tho council selected to inquire into and report on this important subject. The council deemed it requisite to ascertain as many facts as possible relating to agriculture. They knew that much misrepresentation had gone abroad amongst tbe farmers re@ specting their proceedings in Manchester that much igno@ rance pervaded the agricultural classes of all ranks in r@c spect of the value of protection to agriculture, and that it was desirable to ascertain what tbe condition of the farmers and labourers was what the nature of the misrepresentation, what the extent ol the ignorance, in order to have both re@ moved, by sending lecturers and publications into each district with information and argument suitable to their special circumstances. It was determined that each elector oi the United King@ dom, and, as far as the £50,000 fund would permit, each non-elector, should have a library ei information supplied@ which would suffice to displace the Ignorance and the mis@ representation, and set clearly before the mind of each indi@ vidual the whole merits of the corn-law question. To this purpose, Mr. Bankes, and not to the purchase of signatures to the petitions, which you say will briog the sacred right of petitioning into discredit by its abuse, is the great fund of the League to be devoted. And that you may be the better assured that this is the direction in which the money is going, and to 6ome extent has gone, I have to inform you that, in obedience to instruc@ tions, I have visited your estate, as also tbe estates of some other lords and gentlemen who a ere with you at the@Bland@ lord meeting, and bave made a report of what I saw, which re@ port you will see from time to time in the paper published by the League, called the Anti-Bread-tax Circular. Meantime I nave to say that I am truly sorry that every thing I saw on tbe farm fields, iu ths tarm houses, in the cottages, and all that I heard from formers and labourers on your property, impressed me with opinions of pour prac@ tice as a landlord quite at variance with those you seem to hold in theory@ Judging of you by your speech, no man could think otherwise than that you were one of the most liberal patrons of tbe poor, one who would save the la@ bourer trom starvation, whether starved by cold or hunger, if you could. We might suppose even more, judging by your speech, we might suppose you to be a zealous pro@ moter of every rational measure for the moral advancement as well as physical comforts of your labouring people. I do not say that you have no wish to promote such desi@ rable objects. 1 do not say that you spoke that which you never thought of fulfilling. I can only speak of what I saw on your property but as you conclude your speech bv asking leave to add to the old toast of live and let live the words and let well alone, I must presume that you have not changed, nor intended to change, your system, or rather, I should say, your want of system, In managing your extensive property, and in keeping around you a popu@ lation the moat illiterate, ill paid, and ill fed of auy in the United Kingdom, I found your farms cultivated in a very Inadequate mauner. You exercise a power over your tenantry in re@ spect ef tenures and political subjugation which will pre@ vent them from farming your land as it should be formed, even if they were the most enlightened tenantry that ever cultivated the soil. But instead of being men oi intelligence and enterprise, they are as much the reverse as can well be imagined. The ability. While you are speaking in public ol making@@@@ bearthe of the labourers cheeriul and warm, yon either k@@@ nr should know, that throughout the higher districts of Dorsetshire coals are a luxury which no labourer can afford, save in very small quantities. When wages were higher last year by one or two shillings a week than this year, your labourers in their miserable hovels, which have neither tight roofs, nor tight doors,'' nor tight any thing but tight rents and pinchiug hunger to dis@ tinguish them-in those hovels your labourers were without fires, save when cooking their scanty meals and this year, when coals are still ae dear, you talk of the warm hearths of the labourer and his cheerful society as things to be preserved by keeping off the evil day. If such was not yeur meaning, if@you meant that the labourers of your own and your neighbours' estates are already eo poor that they canuot have warm hearths and cheerful meals, without charitable assistance, if your speech was intended to prompt your neighbours to join with you in making ths firesides of the labourers glad during the holi@ days by such charitable assistance-how can you and your neighbours be satisfied at having a population swarm@ ing around you so poor and wretched 7 How can you justify the reduction of wages which has so generally taken place? 55 hat avails it that you pathetically ask the gentlemen around you to save the labourers from ths ev@U day, when in times like the present, which you acknowledge to ha fofr times, all things considered, your tenants are annually screwed by a rack-rent, and, as a natural consequence, screw all they can out of their labourers to pay such rack-rents? I have seen yeur labouring people in full employment without a change of clothes. I have seen tho merest remnants of blanket rags to cover a family of six children, with their hardworking father and mother. I hare seen working men on your property, who declared to me they did not taste butcher's meat @wr six mouths, that potatoes and lard, the latter in small quantity, and greens, and anything of that sort ''-such was their own expression-wlth one-hall less bread than they could eat that this meagre food was their sole diet for months together. And how oan it be otherwise, Mr. Bankes, on six, seven, and eight shillings a week ? Those who had eight shillings last year are reduced to seven this how, then, can you speak of saving from the labourers the evil day ? In Dorsetshire, whatever tbe changes may be in other counties, do change takes place iu respect of the labourer, but a chanJe@@U perpetuate the - evil day to perpetuate this dav. despite all other favouring circumstances. I talked with wives, mothers, and fathers oi families on vour estate, who all told me that during the recent years of hi h priced provisions thsy had not been able to buy, save iu a very limited degree, new clothes several of the families had not purchased a single article of dress for three years, so dear had been their food-so low their wages. This year they looked forward with hope to cheaper food for a saving wherewith to buy clothes. But most of them have had thefr 8 wages token down several had their mfoerable pa, reduced even before they tasted the cheaper food. IVhatever you may choose to say,m misrepresentation of the Anti-Corn-law League, Mr. Bankes, be assured of this, that the League will now prevent you, aud those who act with you, aTtDCORN-LAIY LEAGUE. Unhbalthinebs of the Season.-The re@ turns made to the Salisbury Registrar, for the current quarter, of deaths which have taken place in the three parishes of the city, exceed the usual average by about °° £biob8ter Gaol at a Premium.-The other week a vagrant named Trane promfoed to leave the town il the magistrates would not convict him and he did so, six-@Dsnco and a loaf having boon given to him. He reached Flarborough, and then retraced hi@ steps to Lclcceter, hav-@ing been told that our gaol was ths most oomfortable place in which he oould take up his wint@y quart@an! He has accordingly taken lodging@ there for a fortnight.-Leicester CT Rbntb.-a rumour Is afloat that the Marque@s of Westminster purposes making a considerable reduction in bit rents, in oonsequtn@e of t@b low pri@o of produce, and the heavy burdens that at present foil upon th@ tenantry.-Chester Chronicle. ir One thousand tickets were issued on Wtdnotday for the great free-trade feefivsl at Glasgow, which is fixed ior tho 11th instant. Curious and Fatal Accident.-On Saturday last@ as s man named Saby, a Burton and Kettering carrier, was riding through Barton Seagrave, with bis son, a young man of about 18, an elm tree, standing In the cbnrobyanf, tell on the cart, Injured slightly the lather, and broke the son's back. Some men were employed in felling the tree, and it appears had cut it away on one elde, without being a ware that the other was considerably decayed. A rope had been sent for by which to control its fall but before the return of the person sent the tree fell, and at the instant of Its foil the unfortunate subjects of ths accident wore pas@@ ing by.-Northampton Herald@ TRIAL of BESSON far the MURDER of M. MARCELL ANGR, COURT OF ASSIZES' OF THE RHONE. Eighth Day, Dec. 26. Immediately after the opening of the oourt, M. Bsc said that he was desirous, before addressing the Jury in reply to M. Laohaud, to put a few questions to M. Boric, the physi@ cian of Puy. The President ordered M. Borle to be recalled. The witness having appeared, H. Bac asked him whether he was not@at Chamblas on the 2d September for the porpoee of performing tbe autopsy of the body of M. de Marcellange, and whether on that occasion he bad not seen Beeson, and what was his condition. M. Boric replied that during the whole of tbe time that he was at Chamblas he saw Beeson moving about. He waited upon them at table and witness, as a physician, and for another motive which it was not necessary to state, looked at him particularly. He saw only the recent traces of small-pox, but the idea of Besson being unable to walk had never once entered his mind. M. Bac Then you thiuk Besson was able to walk ? M. Bori£ I repeat that the idea of hi@ not being able to do ao never entered my mind. The Abbh Paul now expressed his wish to rectify the de@ position that be had made. The President said he had been twice before the court, and plenty of time had been afforded him to rectify eyery error that he had committed. The Abb4 Paul I have said that Mari# Boudon had men-@tloned to my servant that she had told M. de Marcellange to be on his guard. I wish now to state that it was M. de Marcellange himself who told me that Marie Boudon had made use of this language to him. M. Bac now rose to reply to M. Lachaud. His speech, which lasted three hours, was very brilliant and powerful, but necessarily in a great degree a repetition of what he had said in his first address. He ' evidence very minutely again went through the dwelling forcibly upon all the depositions which tended directly or indirectly to show that Beeson was not in the condition oi health at the time of the murder represented by the counsel for the de@ fence, and that there was consequently no physical imposs-@sibility of his having been the murderer. The evidence of objections of t He then proceeded entitled to great weight with the jury. . to examine the evidence for the alibi, and contended that it was altogether a failure. Alluding to Mme. de Mar@ cellange and her mother, who bad not ventured to make their appearance on the present trial, a d to the excuse which had been set up for their delence, he denied that they had any reason to dread the excitement which it @@@@@@i@ had been got up against them, or that they were the victims of calumny. Their absence, said M. Bac, was to be attributed to other motives. They dreaded the search@ lug interrogations to which they would be subjected. He noticed ae a striking foot that these ladies, who at tbe assizes for the Puy de Dome bad sworn so positively to no alibi, had not been so positive until the necessity of such evidence in favour of Besson became necessary, as the only means of saving him. Madame de Marcellange, iu a deposition which she had made relative to Araac, had said she thought Besson was at Puy on the evening of the 1st of September. He concluded by expressing his conviction of the guilt of Besson, ana of the impossibility of coming to any other opinion from the evidence which the jury had heard on the present trial. M. Lachaud rose to reply, but he had not proceeded far, when, from the fatigue of his previous exertion, he was evidently in an unfit state to continue, and applied to the court for the indulgence of an adjournment ontil the following day. The President eaid that, notwithstanding the length of time which the trial had already ocoupied, he was very wil@ ling to consent to the application of the learned gentleman, if he felt confident that his indisposition would not prevent his resuming his arguments on the next day. M. Lachaud said he had every reason to hope he would be able to continue his address on the following day but, should he be uuable to do so, he would confide the task to one of the gentlemen who were engaged with him for the defence. The President then adjourned the court until next day at nine o'clock. Ninth Day, Dec. 27. The oourt was again crowded to excess. Whilst the usual formalities of the opening were going on, it was whispered that Mme. de Marcellange and her mother were at Lyons, and that domiciliary visits bad been paid to several houses, in the hope of discovering them, and inducing them to ap@ pear. A@U attempts to find them, however, had been fruitless. It was added that M. Vincent Saint Bonnet, one ot the counsel engaged for them, had only consented to give his assistance on the express condition that they would make their appearance in court. When Besson was broaght into court every eve was ired more downcast than on irved to walk with difficulty, ct that presented Berard, the mat-turned towards him. He api any preceding day, and was of ana to lean for support upon ever itself on his way to the prisoners'' tress-maker, who was under surveillance, on the charge of having deposed falsely against Besson, appeared to be al@ most overcome with emotion. He sighed frequently, and raised his eyes to Heaven. Araac was as animated as ever, apparently indifferent to everything but ths notority of bis position. Jacques Bernard, the other man, who was con@ demned for perjury in favour of Besson, at Riom, remained in bis usual state of apathy. M. Lachaud, on rising to address the jury, thanked the court@for@its indulgeuce@in@adjourning the proceedings on ac-@count@of his indisposition, and@said he trusted he should now have sufficient strength to go through the task, and convey to the jury his own conviction of the innocence of the pri@ soner. The learned gentleman then went through the re@ mainder of the evidence for and against Besson with the same tact and skill ai he had already evinced, commenting npon the weak points of the testimony for the prosecution, and bringing forth, in the strongest possible manner, all that could tell to the advantage of hie client. When he had concluded, he again alluded to the absence of Mme. de Marcellange@.aud her mother. He said M. Bac has re@ marked on the llight of the ladies of Chamblas, and has told yon that. If they were not the accomplices of Besson, they would have been here. To me, however, it appears, that their absence Is the gravest obstacle to the acquittal of Besson. I will revsrse the argument of the partie civile, and say that, if the ladies of Chamblas were the accomplices of the prisoner, they would not, dreading any disclosures which he might make in their absence, have quitted him for an instant. Would they not, if they were his accomplices, be constantly at haHd to urge him by their looks to persevere iu a system of denegation 1 On Friday last I wrote to them to sum@ mon them to Lyons, and to appear before you. I had hoped that they would have complied with the urgent re@ quest that I made, but they are not come. They are cowardlv, it is said-they are cowardly. And who is it that says this ? You, Monsieur Turchy de Marcellange-you who are courageous. You have had the good, or rather the ill, fortune, for it will cost you dear one day, to cause your hatred to pass into the conviction of an honest man M. Bac , full of talent and ardour. He is a man of feeling. He saw you weep, and wept with you, and when he weeps he is unable to detect the guile which is con@ cealed by the tears of another. Having succeeded with him, you charged him with a terrible mission, and, as his convictions are profound, he has performed it in a terrific manner. He has crushed these unfortunate women with all the weight of his eloquence. I have read the speech which he made at Riom. I bave heard his speech here, and I can appreciate the force of the calumnies which he has heaptd upon these ladies. And you think it is a difficult thing to calumniate, M. Trucby de Marcellange! If the ladies • f Chamblas were not Bimple and pious women if, wh u they heard of your calumnies, instead of falling on their knees before God to implore from him strength t' resist and pardon, they nad followed y u to the fit Id of calumny, do you think they would haio feunl it difficult to reach you? I have addressed grave reproaches to you, but there is a feeling for which I give @ou credit. I am sure you regret the death of your @rother, and that it has filled your mind with grief. I se • that you have fraternal piety. And yet, if the ladies of Chamblas bad been desirous of calumniating you, they migl t have done so thsy might have set up against you the most monstrous, the most calumniatory accusations. Do you know what they might have said to you? They might have said that the most strange and sinister presentiments agi@ tated you that you had almost fixed the date of the dea'li of your brother. I kuow that this would have been mon@ strous, for I bow before vour fraternal love@.but @lam desirous that you should be made to comprehend fully the extent t f evil, ot which calumny is capable, the evil you have com@ mitted and that which might have fallen upon you had you iu your turn been accused, and which calumny would have been the more terrible on account of your strange presen@ timents, you having fixed, ae it were, the period of your brother's death, with the fact added to all this, that at the time wh n you were speaking thus, a will bad been mad@ in your favour. I am willing to admit that all this would I am willing to acknowledge that you During the dtliber atom Of ti Jury gleet igitstom un veiled in court. The regietrer-ea@Hea ever the neerae Of t®? witnesses, who oeme in crowds to Isshi tho neyMBt el-@lowed by ths lew for their etteudeuee. Most Of then, @■ soon as they had received their zeoaey, quitted toe oourt, apparently indifferent ae to whet might be t@o result @4 the deliberation of too jury@ At the end of en hour tho jury returned and, having taken their seat , th@ President said, Upon my honour and my conscience, in the pretence of God and men, @@C declaration oi the jury is on the first question- I t@o a@@ cosed guilty of having, in ths evening of the let Septemb@ . 1840, committed voluntary homicide on th@ person oi M. de Marcellange in his chateau of Chamblas?-Yoe, by a majority on tho circumstance Ol premeditation nnd sur@ prise, Yes, by a majority. No declaration of extenuating circumstance@ war mad@ by the jury. M. Bac This is a sentence of death. Besson, who had heen removed from the court when the jury retired, was now brought in tgain. Ho wns exceed@ ingly pale, almost inanimate. Araac and Bernard, who had been removed with Beesen, were not brought beck. The verdict of the Jury wna now rend to the prisoner. Ho heard it without uttering a word. The Procureur-Generel called upon the court to pronounce sentence ol death, and to declare la the interest of society, by way of example, that the execution should take piece in the public square at Puy. The President Accused, have you anything to say as to the application of the punishment? Beeson was silent, but held down his head, and wept. M. Lachaud was at this time absent trom the court, Whilst the judges were in their council-room deliberating on the sentence, every eye was fixed on Beeson. He re@ mained without movement, his head resting on bio left hand. He appeared to be suffering great mental agony. The judges having returned, the exaddri pro-@found 8ileuee, pronounced sentence of death, oroennff the prisoner to be executed on the public £ , . P Whilst all this sad formality was the mattress-maker, appeared to@@@ to a otopor. @U scarcely heard the President when he ordered the su@@mi@i fonce under which he had been placed to cease, and that he should be set at liberty. u , fhj Besson was removed by the gendarmee. He was at t@b time in such a state that he@ ar J rlttokS reaching a waiting-room to which prisoners are @nret @ween when they are removed from the court, he gain a little courage. He struck his forehead W wfth his right hand, and said For all that, the whole ot what mv counsel said was the truth. . A Lyons letter of the 28th states, 'hat Beeeo notice of his intention to appeal to the Court O' v.aareiwu against his sentence. ASYLUM FOR FEMALE ORPHANS. To the EDITOR or the MORNING CHRONICLE. Sir-Thera are eleven candidates for the vacant morning preachership to this institution. The right of election lie@ in the governor , who, fortunately for the interests of the charity, constitute a numerous body. Ten of the reverend gentlemen who aspire to the preachership have made the canvass which has taksn place on all former occasions o a vacancy in this office. The eleventh clergyman has offered to serve gratuitously, so long as he may be unbeneficed provided the governors will spare him the trouble and ex@ pense of soliciting their votes in his own person, or through his friends. This offer has been blazoned to the world In the columns of ths John Bull newspaper. I, therefore, as one of the f@jj justified in making my comments upon it. The writer rays. Nor, perhaps, should we have even alluded to the subject, but for the desire eventually to serve this excellent as well as to render 4 the honour due@ to one ot thoifi clergy@ men. more particularly since we have been credibly in@ formed that, though without any professional emolument@, or private fortune beyond what is absolutely necessary tor a comfortable subsistence, he has, in the handsomest man@ ner, spontaneously offered to the aeylum his gratuitoui services, ho long as he shall continue nnbene-@ficed. We have already stated the condition. Now, sir, it appears to me, that no honour @u duo to the reverend gentleman for this propoeition, and tnat lt is the very reverse ot handsome. First, it is unfair towards his reverend brethren, the ten other candidates. They must necessarily in j?reat part belong to a class ot tne clergy, many oi whom have not that private tortune neces@ sary for a comfortable subsistence, and, therefore, though at least as disinterested es this gentleman, as zealous in their ministry, and ae anxious to do good to the poor, could not afford to labour without the hire which has been appointed for the office they solicit, by the governors ot a well-managed charitable institution. Thus, though amongst them there might be in every respect more eligible can@ didates, if this very suspicio@n liberalitv upon the part of one whose time is unemployed, and whose comfort@ able subsistence is assured-were to be permitted, they would be all driven from the field. Nor, in point of fact, can I see any more liberality or gentlemanly conduct ana feeling in this handsome offer than if, in my own pro@ fession, I were spontaneously to offer my gratuitous ser@ vices to a public company in a suit at law. If I aia so, however I might-and however sincerely I might-allege my belief in the excellence of the company, I sbou a re@ ceive no credit for disinterestedness, and no gentleman would be disposed to honour me, either in private so@ ciety, or in public, through the columns of a news-@paper. My object would be held to be clear enough. This fellow, it would be said, is without anv professional emoluments, but he wants to get them and in order to ao so, he is resorting to dishonourable means. Now let us look at this unemployed clergyman's case, and see It it differs materially from that I have put with reference to a briefless barrister. He is willing, so long ae he shall remain unbeneficed, to give his gratuitous services preacher to a charity, which his advocate in the Jcau Buie informs us is under the immediate patronage of the Aren-@bishop of Canterbury!!-the Duke aud Duehess of Lam-@bridge being the president and patroness. It is also snp-@ported by several ladies ot distinction as vi@@ patrone@wea while among the vice-presidents are Sir E. Pee@K - Lord Lyndhurst!!! the Bishop of Winchester! the Bishop of Lincoln! Lord Bexley, Ac.Icc. Now, eir, ' ' me @sk. is there a clerical office in London in which a man of abi@nty would be more likely to preach himself into a be@E '™' than this preachership to an institution, which numbers amongst it@ presidents and governors those in whossi han@a is so very large a portion of church patronage . And is t e offer upon the part of an unemployed clergyman, wltn means of comfortable subsistence, to serve gratuitously the effort to procure professional advancement and rewara, so disinterested and so very honourable to him as it has been described by his panegyrist in the John Bull 7 Cue more question. If a cadetship in the Honourable brat India Company's service be worth £100, how much woul@ this pieacherahip be worth to one properly qualified to @ie-@charge its duties ? I am, sir, your obedient servant, A BRIEFLES8 BARRISTER. Temple, January 1, 1843. To thr EDITOR op thr MORNING CHRONICLE. Sir-On seeing a paragraph in the Saunders@s News Letter of this morning, copied from your paper, and signea an Irish Amateur, in which my name is mentionea, I lose not a moment in begging that you will be kina enough to correct one error which gives me much uneasi@ ness, wherein it! states that the committee for erecting the column in Trafalgar-square obtained a copy ot the statue by Kirk, in Sackville-etreet, to serve as a model ot their figure. Your correspondent must havs been misln-@formtd, as I never knew or heard of such an occurrence. By your giving this an insertion in your valuable paper you will greatly oblige, sir, vour very bumble servant, 3 6 THOMAS KIRK, Sculptor. 21, Jervis-street, J0ublin@ December@29,@1842. Central Criminal Court.- This morning, fit ten o'clock, this session commences in the Justice-ha@U, Old Bailey, being the ninety-ninth, and the third of the present mayoralty. Considering tbe short interval since ' ation ol the last session the calendar is numeri-ienal charao-your have been infamous. are incapable of assassination from interest but why do you think the ladies of Chamblas were more capable of it than yourself ? Learn, M. Trucby de Marcellange, that the calumny of which you are guilty may be turned against yourself. Ths ladies of Chamblas are pious women, and they must have been so to submit without recrimination to the disgraceful position in which you wished to place them. These poor women must have been full of mercy not to have thought of turning upon you the weapon which you bave so cruelly employed against them. M. Lachaud now adverted to the evidence which had been given as to the appearance of a mysterious stranger in the neighbourhood of Chamblas six days previously to tbe murder, for the purpose of showing that, as for as suspicion want, it was reasonable to suspect this person of the crime which was attributed to Besson. Al@ luding to an observation that had been made on tbe other side, of his having spoken favourably of Araac, he raid I have not said that I admired his character, his senti@ ments, his acts but what I have admired is the foie , tbe energy of his nature, derived from a solitary life in the midst of rocks, ths elevation of mind and intelligence The Procureur-General Permit me, M. Lachaud, to observe that public morality is in danger from such obser. various. M. Lachaud Be not alarmed, sir. I am not of the school which deifies crime. I am not one of those who pardon everything in greatness, of whatever kind. I do not bow before great criminals. The learned gentleman concluded his powerful address by saying to the jury@@@I pray God@.at this supreme moment, to inspire you with a conviction of the innocence of the un@ happy man nt the bar, in order that you may restore him to his family, and to the brother, who is now behind me, and who is come for him from his native mountains. I have done rations. ' H. v Laciieud, who w evidently still suffering severely from indisposition, now rat down in E state of exhaustion. During the whole of the speech of M. Lachaud, Attic, Bernard, and B4rard, listened with the most profound at-@tention. Arsa@ewas especially attentive. At the different phot's of the arguments ho frequently @@11 d@ and oera-@lionally nodded approbation. Hie eye wa@ brilliant, and hi@ countenance was at timet full of emotion and intolilgonoe, The President Beeson, hav@ you anything to add @m jour defenos? Besson rose, and advancing towards the President, re@ plied in a firm voice, No, M. Is President. The President then summed up the evidence on Dot® ■idee, leaving out all that had no direct bearing on the ao-c ligation , At one o'clock the jury withdrew to deliberate on their verdict. . . , The questions put to them by the court were as follow @Is Jacques Besson guilty of having, on the night of the let September, 1840, committed with premeditation and sur@ prise, voluntary homicide on the@person of Iaiuis Vi@uehard@m de Marcellange ? Is Jacques Besson guilty of having, by gifts, machinations, or promises, excited the author or authors of the said murder to commit it, and has be thus rendered himself a@ accomplice@ ? I the termination domestic servants, and from the person. Beyond the num@ ber committed down to Saturday, there are several under a course of examination at the various police eeurte, some ot whom are charged with murder and other heinous crimes. There are also a variety of misdemeanors, which were tra@ versed from the late sessions, so that the court will probably be occupied the entire week. The judges on the rota are Mr. Baron Gurney, Mr. Justice Erakine, an'd Mr. Justice Wightman. The late Fire in Goodman's-fields.-The adjourned meeting of the inhabitants was held on Friday evening in the spacious room of the Swan Tavern, Mansell-@street, fit seven o'clock, tbe Rev. Mr. Champneys in th@ chair. Messrs. Cook, th@ treasurer and secretary for tba relief of the unfortunate sufferers, stated that the total amount of subscriptions up to that time was £351 4s. 5d., of which there had been £274 3s. already awarded. Alter passing various resolutions, to be advertised in the publio papers, and a vote of thanks to the treasurer, secretary, and the worthy chairman, tor their strenuous efforts on bo-@half of the sufferers, the meeting, which was both nume@ rous and respectable, separated. Explosion of Gab.-On Saturday night, shortly after seven o'clock, an alarming explosion of gas took place at the Travellers' Club, in Pall-mall. The explosion sounded as if from the discharge of a piece of ordnance. It was soon discovered that the gas-pipes which run along the ceiling of the billiard-room on the second floor had burst, and the gas igniting had exploded, and tore away a great portion of the oeiling. The fire-engines were in at@ tendance very shortly, but fortunately their services were not required, for no fire could be discovered. The damage is estimated at about £100. Burglary.-Extbneivr Robbery of Plate and Jewellery.-Information reached the head police-@offiee, Great Sootland-yard, yesterday, of the following ex@ tensive burglary -At an early hour on the previous morn@ ing the dwelling-house of Messrs. James and John 8mi b, knowu as Monkton Farm, situate in the parish of Brough@ ton Gifford, in the county of lYilts, was feloniously broken into and entered by four persons. A variety of thing@ were stole , chiefly consisting of gold and silver articles, amount@ ing to a very great sum of mousy. The whole of the offen@ ders are fit present unknown, but to aid in their @ppr@o henslon a reward of £30 is offered. On the news reaching London, one of the officers of the detective force wee In@ stantly despatched to the neighbourhood whe@w the robbert was committed, to make lnqulriss, and to endeavour to d e tect the guilty partie . _ , Death from Tight Lading.-On Tuotdey t@@ 20th, an inquest w@e held by Mr. Cains, fit th@ virarago house, Combo 8t. Nicholas, near Chard, on ths body of Jen@ Fowler, a young woman of about 19 year@ of age@@@. t@o service oi th# ffiv. F. L. Moy@nv. It @operand in rrideno that th@ deceased had lately wx n to Ifietog bereolf @@WT tightly, and had oven required aeeietaae of nor @WltoJ servant to dress he@nolf tightly. On Thuredav evratag wes token ill, but not@Ung soriou Friday morning when she had dressed he@nolf, eheweemuoR worse, and before a surgeon could arrive she wos@a@oorpjo. From an examination of the body@.there appa od -inquest to bave been an internal hemorthfig wUeh nra caused death, and a verdict was returned aooordiogiy. ,r BoiL m ExPL08ION. - On Thursday, 1 explMfon took plaite at the petrel town. Tho o'clock,an explosion took place Mine torvot Messrs. Webster, at DopH®' blmr up 4 tn boiler, which was a very L Sfofthe apart meat fn mendous crash, carrying .7 .1 aerisue damage to ato y toTwo o , ~ivtti alight fojurfe. -County Herald ISJ
[ GS_aligned] ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## have experienced a further rise of ½ per cent., Consols being now quoted 94½ to ¼ ex div., for the opening Bank Stock, 172½ Three per Cents. Reduced, ## to 5 the Three-and-a-Half per Cents. Reduced, 101¼ to  India Bonds, 52. to 4. prem. Exche- quer Bills, under the influence of the purchases made by the Government broker, are now quoted at the high price of 61s. to 63s. prem. In the Foreign Securities there has been a dispo- sition shown to speculate in some of the low-priced South American Stocks. The only description of Portuguese Securities now quoted in the official list is the New Portuguese Converted, it being supposed that all parties interested in these securities will ultimately convert their bonds. Spanish Secu- rities are a shade lower than yesterday. The following are the closing quotations in the Foreign House -Spanish Active Bonds, 18¼ to ½ De- ferred, 10  to  Passive, 4 to  New Threes, 23¼ to  Mexican Bonds, 31¾ to 2 Deferred, 9¼ to ½ Portuguese Converted, 35½ Belgian, 101½ to 2½ Bra@zilian, 71 to 72 Buenos Ayres, 25 to 27 Chi- lian, 74 to 6 Colombian, 23½ Danish, 84 to 85 Dutch Five per Cents., 101 to ½ ditto Two-and- a-Half per Cents., 53 to ¼. This day week we alluded to the suspension of payments of the Yorkshire Agricultural Bank, and to the attempts made by a deputation of the direc- tors who had come to town to form new arrange- ments to enable the company to resume business, whic@h, however, had up to that time been unsuc- cessful. The news from the country to-day brings inte@l@ligence of the final winding-up this concern, after having lost all the paid up capital of £211,000, and £100,000 besides. The greatest distress prevails in @the district where the bank was situated, and a call of £3 per share on 615 partners will still be @necessary to make good the outstanding deficiency. T@he grossest blunders are said to have been com- mitted by the board of management, and all the divi@dends were paid out of the capital. In this case@, as in many others, the shareholders appear to to have been ruined by misplaced confidence, and want of due control. The Share Market continues at yesterday's quota- tions, viz. -London and Birmingham, 98 to 100 prem. Great Westerns, 24½ to 5½ prem. South Westerns, 62½ per share Brightons, 36¼ to ½ per @share Black@walls, 5½ to ¾ per share North Mid- land, 62½ to 3½ per share Paris and Rouen, 5¾ to 6 prem. In Joint-stock Banks, London and Westminster Bank shares were done at 21¾ per share and the new shares of the Provincial of Ireland at 31¾. The following are the returns of the receipts of the undermentioned railways, for the weeks ending the dates specified ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## a special general meeting of the proprietors of the Croydon Railway Company, held on Tuesday last, t@he report from the directors recommended the proprietors to discontinue the carrying trade, owing to the refusal of the Greenwich board to treat with them for a settlement of the toll question. The chairman stated that the arrangements made with the South Eastern Company would enable the Croy- don board to resume the traffic whenever a fitting opportunity presented itself. It appeared that the expenses were about £200 a week, while the receipts had fallen short of that amount by £10 or £12. The passengers carried between London and Croydon were about 700 per week. A return of the receipts from the 1st of August to the 13th of December showed nett receipts of £5,299 not much above £300 a week, although during a portion of that time the 3d. toll only had been in operation. After a lengthened discussion, the period for aban- doning the carrying trade seems to have been post- poned until the 25th of March and a committee was appointed to negotiate with the Greenwich Company, with a view of endeavouring to effect some arrangement to enable the Company to go on. A pamphlet on the Tea Trade, just published by the editor of the Public Ledger, states that in the year 1839 the highest price of the year paid for Company's Congou at the sale price was 2s. 7d. per 1b. the lowest, 1s. 5d. per lb. stock on the 31st of December, 52,500,000lbs. stock of Company's Congou, 33,000chests delivered for home co@nsump- tion, 32,366,412lbs. gross duty paid, £3,363,963. In 1840 the highest price was 3s. 3d. per lb. lowest, 1s. 11d. stock 31st of Dec., 46,500,000lbs. stock of Company's Congou, 28,700 chests quan- tity deliver@ed for home consumption, 35,136,232lbs. gross amount of duty paid, £3,660,008. In 1841 the highest price was 2s. 9d. per lb. lowest, 1s. 4½d. stock 31st of Dec., ################################################################################### the consumers, whereof £3,500,000 is paid for duty to the Crown, and the remainder, being £5,500,000, he says, is appro- priated by the importers, and in profit divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. This esti- mate seems to be founded on the basis that there are 36,000,000 of pounds of tea consumed annually, at 5s. per lb. Taking, then, the highest sale prices for the years 1839, 1840,1841, and 1842, the average is 2s. 11d. per lb., leaving 2s. 1d. of profit for every pound of tea, to be divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. We should like much to see an analysis of the component parts of this propor- tion of profit paid by the consumers to the two branches of the tea trade. How much goes to the wholesale dealers, and how much of it to the re- tailers? It is to be regretted that the writer of the pamphlet did not enter into these points, and at the same time into a discussion of the expediency of maintaining a uniform duty of 2s. 1d. per lb. on all qualities of teas and whether or not it would not now @be proper to return to the old ad valorem prac- tice, which is acknowledged to have been an excel- lent system, and seems to have been given up in 1834, without sufficient inquiry regarding its practi- cability, when the monopoly of the East India Com- pany was dissolved. We have received a communication this day only from Mr. Tasker, the chairman of the com- mittee of Spanish bondholders,@ and several letters also from other parties interested in Spanish finance. We shall hereafter advert to these communications, and insert such of them as may appear to possess sufficient public interest. The following were the official quotations at the different markets during the day -ENGLISH FUNDS. Bank Stock, ##### 3 per Ct. ############################################################################################################### 3 pm. Exchequer Bills, ############ 3 p@m. Ditto Small, 2d., 61 3 60 ############################################################### Anns. 30 Years, exp. Oct. 10. ########################################################## ## Colombian 6 per Ct. 1824, ### # 3 Colo@mb. 6 pr Ct. 1821 Acc., ## 3 Colo@mb. ex Venezuela, ## M@exican 1837 Acc., 32 # Portuguese 5 per Ct. New, ## # Portuguese Converted, ############################### ## # Cheltenham and Great Western, 20 1 Eastern Counties New, #### Great Western, ## Ditto New, ## 4 Lond.@@ Brighton,@@@ # Ditto Scrip, ## # ############## Real del Monte ################# Bank of Ireland New, ########################################################### # Portuguese 3 per Cent., 25 Spanish 5 per Cent., ##  Ditto Acc., ## Spanish 3 per Cents., ## Ditto Acc., ##  # ################### Lond. and Black@wall, #  Lon@d. a@@nd Birmingham, 189 Lond. and Bir@m. New, ## North Midland, ## Rouen and Havre, # South-Eastern and Dover, ############################################################## state of our markets ##################### @has been nothing quoted. LONDON TRADE REPORT. #################### have not heard of any trans- actions of consequence to-day in either Tea or Tallow. The Cotton market is still firm, and prices perhaps a shade higher. THE MANUFACTURING DISTRICTS. BOLTON.-Counterpanes are in more animated request here, but still manufacturers complain of the low remune- ration they receive for their goods. There is a steady sale for quiltings, fine muslins, and power-loom cloths. BRADFORD.-This being the last market in the year, was formerly not an acknowledged market for pieces, but that custom was abandoned a few years ago, and to-day fully an average business has been done with former seasons, an@d the manufacturers are not without considerable hope that at the commencement of the year an improved demand will take place. There is not any marked alteration for yarns, and the continued short time working keeps the stocks low, and prices very firm. During the last week but little business has been done in the wool market, and the dulness applies to all kinds of long wool. In broke and noils the demand continues steady, and late prices are fully maintained. BARNSLEY.-Manufacturers continue to have a good business doing. The linen trade is firm fancy drills are brisk and weavers have moderate employ. HALIFAX.-We cannot report any alteration in this market, either as to manufactured goods, or the raw ma@- terial. Sales of both proceed steadily, and prices are quite firm. Generally speaking, people are inclined to regard our prospects as, on the whole, favourable. ###################### is still most unpromising and unsatisfactory, and no prospect of an amendment, un- less there is a revival with the new year but at the close of the year business is always slack and seemingly lingering ############################ till the arrival of a fresh period, ########## vigour, and we hope such now ################### silk trade of Failsworth is yet very dull upwards of one-half of the operatives are without work, and the others only partially employed, at lower wages than last Christmas but many are of opinion that in less than a month there will be a brisk trade. LEEDS.-Trade has been very dull and gloomy this week sales have been very limited, and prices ruinously low. There is a general expectation of an improvement with the new year, which we hope may be realised to its utmost ex- tent. Wool and Indigo are rather looking up. In the warehouses business continues slack. ############## have had an extensive inquiry for most kinds of cloth this week, at an advance on most de- scriptions, and the market closed very buoyant. Should the commercial news from China and India be favourable by the next mail, we may hope for a still further improve@- ment. Twist is unusually firm, though not generally higher, and many spinners refuse to sell unless at an ad- vance. On the whole, we are this week decidedly more ############################## there was but a thin attendance of @@@@buyers in the market, there has been a very fair demand@@ for fl@annels, considering the time of the year. For some months back pieces have met with a ready sale, but the@@ manufacturers have not been able to obtain an advance in ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################ of duty paid, £3,473,951. In 1842 the stock on hand of Company's Con- gou, on the 30th of November, was 8,400 chests the highest price 2s. lowest, 1s. 5d. stock at close of the year, about 34,000,000 lbs. quantity taken for home consumption, 36,000,000 lbs. quantity de- livered for exportation, stated at 4,000,000 lbs. The sum paid annually by the consumers is stated at about £9,000,000 sterling, whereof £3,500,000 is paid to the Crown for duty, a large portion of the remainder to the importers, and the remainder is the profit divided between the wholesale and retail dealers. The extraordinary excitement and specu- lative action in the tea market, during the years 1839, 1840, 1841, and 1842, are well and graphically described in this pamphlet, a speculation that had its peculiar and distinctive features. The quarrel, of a deep and angry nature, which took place be- tween the English merchants and the authorities at Canton, led to an impression of war, and to an ex- pectation of the continuous suspension of the trade. The dealers bought large surplus quantities, retired ################################################ after the 6t@h of January. The wool market still remains heavy the dealers expecting a rise from an increased demand for goods, and the manufacturers being unable to give an ad- vance until they are enabled to sell their pieces propor- tionably higher. COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR-SUNDAY. Y@esterday morning the Queen and Prince Albert ########### afterwards the ######################################################### usual, afterwards the Prince rode into the Great-park, on a shooting excursion, attended by the Marquess ################## Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, Lady Fanny Howard, and the Earl and Countess of Haddington joined the royal dinner circle in the evening. This morning her Majesty and @Prince Albert, her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, and the household attended divine service in the Private Chapel of the Castle. The Rev. John Vane officiated, and preached a sermon from the 11th verse of the 5th chap. of the 2d Epistle of St. Paul to the Corinthians. In the forenoon her Majesty and Prince Albert walked out, and again promenaded in the afternoon, attended by the suite. @@@@Their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales and the ################################################## Princess Royal were taken an airing. Sir Robert Peel and Lord Stanley are expected at the Castle early next week, on a visit to her Majesty. ##################################################################### of strangers to the market plunged into it through the agency of ################################################################################ took an airing in an open phaeton on Friday, in the drives adjacent to her residence, Canford-house, Dorsetshire. Her Majesty has taken frequent airings during ####################################### the speculation soon exploded, articles were driven up like rockets, and exploded with the same rapi- dity but the late speculation in the tea market had an existence of nearly three years. Twice was peace proclaimed, and twice did the war recommence but with the @same result @as regarded the trade, which was kept open. Tea was twice at 1s. 5d. and twice at 3s. 2d., with innumerable oscillations between these extremes. The speculation, says our au- thor, although unfortunate and disastrous in its re- sults, yielded at different periods large profits. Some few but very few embraced them, and quitted the field. The large majority, although they occa- sionally quitted, yet returned and floated on with the tide, which frequently rolled back with magic speed to low water mark, without leaving time to escape. This passage is rather a figurative way of telling that, although a few of the speculators sold at a profit, the bulk of them held on or renewed their ventures, and were, eventually,@ left in the mud, se- verely punished. The writer of this pamphlet, we observe, does not think that the trade, for a length of time to come, will to any extent be removed from Canton, because hitherto the Hong at Canton have advanced a large portion of the price to the tea mer- chants before they left Canton for the tea districts to purchase for the ensuing season. He does not expect that the opening of Amoy and other ports near to the place of growth will be fairly accelerated by the Chinese government and although the treaty of Nankin stipulates that a tariff shall be ad- justed on regular and just principles, he puts small faith in that stipulation, because, in the case of England and France, the duties that ought to be paid upon a bale of cotton twist and a puncheon of brandy have not yet been decided. There is a vast difference, however, between the two cases. Not only the difference that exists as between a civilised nation, standing on the vantage ground of conquest over its humbled opponent totally unacquainted with the forms of European diplomacy, but there is the difference, also, that the treaty of Nankin is the sequence of peace between China and England whereas the commercial treaty with France was broken off by a coldness between France and Eng- land, which at one period wore a belligerent aspect. We expect that the conditions of the treaty of Nan- kin will be practically carried out, and that a tariff @@on regular and just principles will accordingly be adjusted. We look for that adjustment on the basis of fair reciprocity, and should this expectation be realised, the admission of British ships to the ports of the tea districts will speedily effect a great improvement in the tea market of China while it must, at the same time, produce a corresponding diminution in the price, free on board, by saving the expense of land carriage now incurred in trans- porting the commodity to Canton. The author of the pamphlet does not touch upon the policy of the present mode of levying the tea duties in this country-a defect, we think, in his @work that we wish he would yet supply. He in- forms us that there are about 1,200@ chests, or ############ daily in ############################# recent favourable weather. The Duke of Cambridge visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Gloucester on Saturday, at Gloucester-house. Mr. Masterman, M.P., and a deputation, had an inter- view with t@he Chancellor of the Exchequer on Saturday, at his official residence in Downing-street. Count @Reventlow, the Danish minister, transacted busi- ness on Saturday, at the office of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs. Mr. Everett, the American minister, @has returned to town from a visit to Lord Ashburton. His Excellency trans- acted business on Saturday at the office of the Board of Trade. Despatches were sent off on Saturday evening from the Colonial-office, for the Governor of Ceylon. ################################ Correspondent. -Canford-house, Friday.-Her MAJESTY continues to enjoy excellent health, and during the week, owing to the prevailing fine weather, has almost daily taken carriage airings in this neighbourhood. His Serene Highness Prince EDWARD ############### who arrived on Saturday on a visit to his illustrious aunt, left on Tuesday to join his regiment at Winchester. Sir ############# physician in ordinary to her MAJESTY, arrived on Saturday, and has since been staying here. We hear that his Royal Highness the Prince of WALES has been suffering from teething, but in other re- spects he is quite well. The ################## be- come much stronger lately. The #################### give his usual de- jeuné to the judges, @c., on Wednesday, the 11th instant, the first day of Hilary Term. His lordship was in town on Saturday to affix the great seal to the treaty of peace be- tween this country and China. ################################### coming of age of the Hon. ######################### of Lord and Lady #################### heir of the noble houses of Perth and Willoughby, in Scotland, andof Gwy- der, in Wales, has occasioned unusual rejoicings on the family estates in the north, and in the principality. At Muthill, a populous village, about a mile from Drummond Castle, Perthshire, the inhabitants evinced their respect to the family, by making Monday last a general holiday. There was a dinner of the principal tenants and feuars at the Masons'-hall. The Hon. the Master of ###################### The inhabitants of Crieff had a public dinner, at which Viscount ############### to have taken the chair, but was prevented by a slight indisposition. Mr. A. CAMPBELL, M.P., Sir ############# Bart., and about 150 gentlemen, were present. In Wales there was an equal mark of esteem displayed by the tenantry. The public din- ner at Carnarvon, on Tuesday, was most numerously at- tended. At Llanrwst triumphal arches were erected, and two oxen were roasted whole in the market-place, and distributed amongst the poor. There was an entertainment at the Town-hall, at which nearly 300 dined, in addition ######## The poor of Dolwyddelan, ######## six bullocks divided amongst ############################################################### tenantry celebrated the event by a public dinner on Monday, and a ball on Thursday last. Earl SPENCER has been entertaining a few select friends at Althorp-park, since his return from the Duke of BEDFORD'S, at Woburn Abbey. Lord ##################### on a visit to the noble lord, and the Hon. Cap- tain and Mrs. F. SPENCER, Hon. Captain and Mrs. WAT- SON, c., have arrived. The Duke and Duchess of RICHMOND and family have been seeing company at G@oodwood during the week. The Duke and Lady ############### arrived at Good- wood on Saturday week, from a visit to Lord WARD, at Himley Hall. The Right Honourable Sir ############### ex- pected to leave Drayton Manor, for Windsor Castle, to-day, @having received an invitati@on to @join the roy@al circle. THE MAGAZINES FOR THE MONTH. New Year's-day is@ a positive day of delight to the maga- zine reader. All his customary channels of amusement and information are full of promise if they are full of nothing else, though, to say truth, most of them do their little best to set as good a face as possible on the first num- ber of a new volume, and poetry, politics, and pleasantry are all burnished up for the festive season. The Tory ma- gazines are particularly strong in their politics this month, and Blackwood and Fraser come forth with their respec- tive lucubrations, which harmonise about as well as the Tuesday's leader in the T@imes does with that which was printed on the preceding Monday, and which is probably forgotten by all the world, save, perhaps, by some rival editor, who enlivens the public by exposing the proverbial consistency of Printing-house-square. Blackwood's leading article for January is modestly en- titled, Great Britain at the Commencement of the Year 1843. It is a dissertation, which, by the aid of a multitude of facts, for which the writer stands indebted to his imagi- nation, and by a convenient oblivion of others that might have been troublesome to a more retentive memory, makes out a tolerable prima facie case for his clients. Thus, the desperate policy which led our heaven-born mi- nister to impose the property-tax upon the peo- ple is boldly ascribed to the empty condition in which he found the public coffers. Not a syllable is said in allusion to the plan by which the late government proposed to replenish those coffers, by opening the Brazils and the Baltic to British commerce. These are things it is convenient to forget. On the other hand, it is thought fair to assume that the Tory advent has alone sufficed, not only to inspire all foreign nations with a salu- tary dread, but also to conjure fulness into the Treasury purse. Yet the last revenue returns presented no such consoling news, and a few days must yet elapse before we can know what the January tables may have to tell us. As to the future views of Sir Robert respecting the sliding- scale, Blackwood is evidently in an uncomfortable state o@f suspense. That some further alteration, he says, may not ere long be made on the scale of duties, no one can assert, though we have no reason to believe that any such is at present contemplated but that the principle of the @'sliding-scale,' as it is called, will be firmly adhered to, we entertain no doubt whatever. The principle of the sliding scale! Where is its prin- ciple@? You may alter the scale of duties till you take away the last vestige of the farmers' fancied protection. By mul@- tiplying rests you may approximate nearer and nearer to a fixed duty, and yet your minister will remain a man as firm in principle, as distinguished for consistency, as before he traversed the floor of the house, or was pushed by the deluded farmers of England into a mischievous power, the effects of which they have since felt in common with the rest of the Queen's subjects. The late law appointments, too, must be defended. This is a ticklish matter and Blackwood, conscious of what awkward ground he has got upon, runs away at once to take shelter in the old worn out cant, that men making their thousands at the bar are not to be tempted into office by such paltry salaries as £1,500 a year! From which it is intended, we should infer, that all those lawyers who surpass Lord Lyndhurst's protegés are making rapid for- tunes by their profession@! Passing on to foreign politics, it is but just to say that Blackwood has manliness enough to scorn the base lies and drivelling nonsense which have been put forward with a view to make the simple part of the public believe that our quarrel with China was entered on in order to force the opium trade upon the Celestial Empire. This atrocious calumny, invented originally for factious purposes, has been eagerly taken up by a hostile press abroad, and by a vast number of dunces at ho@me, but is calculated to impose only on those whose intelligence or information is at an amazingly low ebb. The thing is worn out, however, and Blackwood, by throwing the stale commodity overboard, @shows that he addresses himself to the better portion of his party. But here are his words - Were we justified in our attack upon the Emperor of China? We have no hesitation whatever in expressing our opinion, after having had our attention for some years directed to the subject of our relation with China, in the affirmative. From the moment of our first intercourse with that people, we have had to submit to a series of indignities sufficient to kindle into fury the feelings of any one whe merely reads any authentic account of those indignities. The Chinese have long derived an immense revenue, toge- ther with other great advantages, from us encouraging us to embark a vast capital in our trade with them, and to form great permanent establishments dependent upon it. Language cannot describe the degrading circumstances under which we have been forced to carry on our com- mercial intercourse with the Chinese our long submission to such conduct having, of course, insured its continual aggravation. The opium trade, perhaps beneficially, @brought matters to a crisis. It was alleged on behalf of the Emperor that we were surreptitiously, and from motives of gain, corrupting and destroying his people, by supplying them with opium but it is easily demonstrable that this was only a pretence for endeavouring to effect a change in the medium of our dealings with them, vastly beneficial to the Emperor, and disadvantageous to us. And then he proceeds to detail the early history of the quarrel, with tolerable fairness, interspersing his narrative, of course, with a multitude of unsavoury epithets for the Whigs, chequered with divers eulogistic ravings to the be- nefit of which his political friends shall at all seasons be heartily welcomed. The miscellaneous articles of Blackwood are, as they mostly are, well selected. Sincerely do we wish we had as well conducted a magazine on our own side. We have not read Caleb Stukely, but we are assured by those that have been more diligent, that the tale is an excellent one. An Imaginary Conversation, by Savage Landor, is not one of his best, and a paper on the Aris- tocracies of London Life, is drawn out to a merciless length nevertheless, the former is not without dramatic interest, and the latter contains many healthy truths, though mixed with personal insinuations, the absence of which would not have weakened the writer's general re- marks. Two Hours of Mystery is an amusing tale, and would make an excellent plot for a farce. Talking of farces-Blackwood has actually perpetrated twenty pages of eulogy on Lord Londonderry's last tour! Poor Mar- quess@! Well may he call on heaven to save him from his friends. His silly book was almost forgotten, and here comes an imprudent piece of puffery to tear open the quiet grave, and force the troubled ghost to stalk abroad again. Among the poetical contributions to Blackwood this month are some exquisitely sweet lines. Turning to Fraser, we are sorry to say that the number is one that we have looked, through with disgust. The poli- tical article our eastern policy , is written in all that odious spirit of mingled Toryism and Chartism, in which the vul- garest portion of the self-styled Conservatives have long loved to revel. But we look not for much in Fraser's politics, and seldom find them more insipid or less candid than we expect. What in the present number has particu- larly disgusted us is, the leading article Oliver Yorke at Home , the poorest and most vapid of all the bad imitations of Blackwood's once famed Noctes that ever was palmed upon the public. There was a dashing, braggadocio impudence about the said Noctes, but every one was willing to forgive the manne@r of the thing for the rich matter often contained in it. Oliver Yorke, like all vulgar imitators, fastens on the worst parts of his model, and manifests not the least conception of those excellencies that won our applause. Every barn- door ranter can imitate the husky voice and the sudden starts of Edmund Kean, but where shall we look for his lightning glance and the heartfelt pathos which thrilled upon our feelings? Even so, the veriest hack that ever drudged in Grub-street may assume the drunken impu- dence in which Christopher North occasionally indulged but his sparkling humour, his quick judgment of men and things, were his own, and are not to be put on with the same ease with which a swell-mob dandy dons the cast-off finery of a peer. Men of sense may sometimes tolerate the excesses of a convivial table, for the sake of the choice spirits assembled there but who would not shun the noisy orgies of a gin-shop, enlivened by no better mirth than the second-hand impertinence of a quality footman@? The Monthly Magazine continues to promise well. As the only Liberal Miscellany in the market, it may be said to enjoy a kind of monopoly, but its corps of contri- butors must be strengthened, or it will not do the cause all the good we have a right to expect. The Farmer's Fire- side, the first of a series of Corn-law Tales, is well-timed, and seems to come from a new hand that will improve with practice. The introduction of Mr. Cobden among the dra- matis personae is clumsily managed, but the rest of the tale is good, and exemplifies the protection of the corn-laws with a good deal of force. The remaining articles are well chosen. Nursery Rhymes for Sucking Politicians is not a bad idea. Here is one of the lullabies intended for Sir Robert's particular use - Slippery Bob to the farmers did hie With a tale 'bout easing their misery And as the poor farmers did cling to his tail, He led them a dance on the sliding scale. 'Hold tight now,' says Bobby, 'you much-injured elves,'-So slipp'd off, and left them to slide by themselves. They slid in so swiftly, that scarcely@ ####### Could one of them stop till he fell on his back. Oh fie, foolish farmers! you made a fine job, Of clutching the tail of sly slippery Bob. Facts and Figures of General Interest seems intended to form a standing article in the Monthly, and is deserving of more extension. Upon the whole, the periodical is one that the Liberal party will do well to encourage. Bentley comes out with great strength. Mr. Ledbury's adventures in Islington, are as amusing as those through which we accompanied him in Paris Crowquill's illus- trations are excellent, and Ingoldsby's Legend of St. Medard is alone worth more than twice the cost of the magazine. The rest of the number, to be sure, is médiocre enough. Among what are called literary notices, but ############################################ ### pub- lications, there is a paragraph on Ingoldsby's Legends, which that gentleman ought to resent. The publisher should keep such offensive commendations for the illus- trious obscure of his establish@ment. Ainsworth presents us with a sprightly number. Wind- sor Castle,@@ by the editor, continues its slow progress. The portion in this month's number is strongly spiced with diablerie in the Castle of Otranto style. The Legend of Normandy and a Venetian Romance are also not the best sort of reading just before bed time for nervous young ladies, or for young gentlemen of susceptible timidity. Mr. Blanchard's Dream at Hoplodge, though likewise dealing in the marvellous, is less harrowing in its super- natural incidents, and withal an amusing trifling. Work- ing up Junk is an incongruous title to a sober matter-of- fact history of the British navy. A Frenchman, bent on treating our maritime glory as sheer romance, might have deemed the title suitable enough. The Legitimate Drama in China is a heavy pointless piece of humour. The Metropolitan, like Ainsworth and Bentley, is too much made up of narratives and though, in the present number, there are fewer fragments than in the preceding one, there are still too many by far. Savindroog, a Hindoo romance, has reached the 28th chapter but having read none of the preceding portion of the story, we presume not to express an opinion on its merits. Some of the shorter tales are good enough in their kind, but are none of them of striking excellence. SECOND LETTER FROM LORD NUGENT to the REV. JOHN HARRISON on the CONDI- TION of the AGRICULTURAL LABOURERS. FROM THE AYLESBURY NEWS. Lilies, December 28, 1842. MY DEAR SIR,-Since about three weeks ago, when I availed myself of the sanction of your name in ad- dressing a letter through you to the public on the suffer- ings and wrongs of the labouring poor in our neighbour- hood, I find that the evil and scandal of disproportionately low wages have been increasing. I have carefully con- sulted the opinions and experience of others as to the calculation, in which you and I agreed, of the lowest amount, and the lowest price, of the food and other articles of consumption necessary for supporting an agricultural labourer, in health and strength, through the daily work required from him. Subsequent inquiry and advice have more and more con- vinced me that, in that calculation, I rather understated than exaggerated the result. I guarded myself, however, throughout against being supposed to assess the due rate of remuneration for labour by the measure of what may be ne- cessary for the support of healthy existence. For this would be a principle as preposterously unjust as that of measuring ######### marketable commodity by a ###### showed that, even at the present price of provisions, no single man in this neighbourhood ################################################ himself in health and strength upon less than 8s. 3¾d. weekly, and no married man with an average family of three children and their mother, upon less than 14s. 6½d. a week, exclusive of harvest wages. I beg those who think that, in this, I overstated the truth, to give their calculation of the necessaries of life and of the cost of these things to the poor at retail village prices. I said that troops of willing and able labourers were wandering through the country seeking in every village and at every door for work, in vain. I said that the labouring popula- tion, in many of the parishes round, in the midst of a re- dundancy of provisions, and after a prosperous harvest, were in a state of destitution, and on the verge of famine the result of a baleful artificial system, ruinous to the farmer, and destructive of the peasantry. I showed from the report of the medical persons who are answerable for the sanatory condition of the poor in the workhouse, that the labouring population are weakened in health, and their lives endangered by the inadequate means of support, the result of low wages. I said that I believeded that farmers generally had little power at this time to employ labourers at fair wages and I implored such landlords as had not deeply considered the question of how much de- pended on them to look well to it now for the sake of humanity, for the sake of justice, for the sake of the secu- rity of property, to consider the case of those whom I know to be reduced to a cruel alternative, between starving with their families, or being driven through despair to degrada- tion. The poor are kindly, honest, and long-suffering in their want but they must not be urged too far in this dreadful trial, or be made to endure to the last, because of the ill-requited patience with which they have already en- dured so much. I declined, in my former letter, to specify examples of misconduct towards the poor, in particular parishes. But it would be trifling with so fearful and so urgent a subject to continue to deal with generalities only, and so perhaps risk the falling under a charge of bringing general accusations without power to particularize. Some wretched men I fell in with, a few days ago. I questioned them. I heard their statement. I inquired into its truth. It has been confirmed to me. They were from the parish of Waddesdon. In that parish a great portion of the labouring poor are without employ, and, therefore, without means of subsistence. Those who are employed are em- ployed according to the iniquitous and ruinous system of wages apportioned to the extent of families, and received for work, under the name of wages,8s. a week to men with families, and@ to single men 4s., the latter allowance being less than one half of what I have shown to be necessary for proper subsistence. I have lately returned from@ pass- ing a fortnight in Leicestershire. I find the general rate of agricultural wages there to be 12s. a week in many in- stances, @13s. in some, higher varying according to the quality of the labourer. And there, coals, a large and most necessary item in the expenses of life, are sold at the rate of 12s. the ton, at the labourer's door. Here the labourer cannot buy them at a less rate than 20s. at the wharf, or in his own village, at the retail dealer's, at a less rate than from 27s. to 30s. the ton in the one case, without deduct- ing the expense of carriage, therefore, at 75 per cent. dearer, and in the other, with that deduction, and the profits of the retail dealer, at from 125 to 150 per cent. dearer. I am entitled, then, to ask, unless it be believed that the Leices- tershire labourer be blindly squandering his money, is the labourer in the vale of Aylesbury justly or honestly dealt with@? @@But the answer given to all this is, that the action of de- mand upon supply must always regulate price. Nothing can be truer, and nothing would be fairer if the principle were universally applied nothing more iniquitous where it is not. I repeat over and over again what I have said so often, notwithstanding the charge of reiterating a self- evident, unvarying, and distasteful doctrine, until I shall find a reasonable answer given to what I believe admits not of controversy, because truth, however evident, un- varying, or distasteful, demands that it should always be kept in mind. If the occupier of land claim, as a right, protection for the value of his produce, if the landlord claim as a right protection for the value of his land, the value of which must be measured by the value of its produce, the labourer has an equal right, he has a much higher right, to protection for the value of his produce, his labour, because he has no capital to stand out for price during its fluctuations. He is day by day dependent on mar- kets which, under the present vicious system, destroy him, impoverish the farmer, and against which only the command of capital can enable any man whose fortunes depend on the value of agricultural produce to wait upon the fluctuations of what seasons may affect but law has rendered ruinously precarious. It, then, he who rents land, or he who lets it, claim pro- tective laws for his produce, but at the same time claim that labour, which gives value to his property, shall remain unprotected and dependent on his demand for it, this is to require, under the name and sanction of law, the power of committing open and unmitigated robbery a power to demand a protected and arbitrary price for the provisions he offers for sale, and to give an unprotected price, subject only to his own wants, for that labour by which those provisions are produced. I wish to see if there be any fallacy in this view of the subject. If there be, I entreat, I challenge, the exposure of it. If there be not some fallacy in it, which I have been unable to discover, a question on which I observe that all attempt at answer is evaded, I repeat that this unequal principle of dealing may be privilege, it may be power, but it is the reverse of justice. I should be dishonest, and a ######################################################################################## I were to soften the phrase. Hence instances, like one which came before me this morning, I am sorry and ashamed to say in the parish in which I live, and in which, to their credit I say it, the farmers have generally been more considerate towards the poor than in most of the surrounding ones. A hard-working and good labourer, who is endeavouring to find support for his large family out of the cruelly inadequate wages paid to him by his employer 8s. a week , admitted, when questioned on the subject, that he has been unable, out of that pittance, ever since the setting in of winter, to afford to himself any better nourishment than about three-quarters of a pound of bread each day, with rarely half a poumd of bacon to be divided among his whole family in the week, and that upon this food, as of course must be the case, he finds himself un- able to face his day's work. So long as I shall have the unhappiness of seeing such cruelty inflicted upon the industrious and suffering poor, however unpopular the exposure, by me it shall never cease to be exposed. I live among farmers, I live among landlords, some of whom are considerate, many not. All my habits, all my interests, are bound up with those of the land. But I will not see cruel injustice daily and systematically committed, without raising my voice to make it known and to protest against it. Then, what is the remedy@? I repeat, I believe it rests mainly with the landlords. In the meanwhile the unions have a pressing duty to perform. The inquiry should not be only Can you not get employ@?@@ It should be Can you not, with all due diligence, get employ at wages that will support you@? If not, yon have a right to relief at the public charge. You are a pauper, unable, with all the efforts you can make, to support yourself. How often have I heard employers say I have offered him work. I am ready to give him work. It is an obvious truth-and yet truths, however obvious, often require the stating-that work is no advantage to the labourer. It is the wages of work that he requires. If I say, in the usual phrase, I will give you employ, that is, in other words, @only @@I will be found in every market to take the property of another at their own price and the proprietor would not dis- cover that any great benefit had been done to him. Many an intolerable wrong in practice is done under cover of a fallacy in words. I protest against the specious phrase, He can get work. The duty of unions is to satisfy themselves that he can get proper wages. If he cannot he is entitled to relief from rates. And then the landlord and the farmer together would arrange the means for doing justice, for making the interests of all classes in agriculture a common interest, and in restoring to the land, and to all that live by it, that steady prosperity which it never has known since, and never can know while, laws of fluctuating influence counteract the order of a wise and good Providence, by which all people are enabled to supply each other's wants with mutual benefit to all. I am, my dear sir, with great truth, Faithfully yours, ###### Rev. John ######################### parish belongs to the Duke of Marlborough, a non-resident landlord. ###################### understand that, in consequence of Sir Robert Peel's income tax, the practice of giving Christmas boxes in this town is well nigh aban- doned. T@hus the poor, as well as the middle classes, feel the effects of this galling and obnoxious impost.-Durham County Herald.., M.P. SIR-Having just read your speech, delivered on the 24th of December, at the dinner of the Blandford agricul- tural meeting, and having recently visited your estate to inquire into, and report on, the condition of the labourers employed by you and your tenants, and also those em- ployed by other landowners and their tenants in your dis- trict of the country, I feel myself constrained to address you thus publicly on some of the topics of your speech. First of the Anti-Corn-law League. You say- Nor is the principle on which the League is founded more odious, as being adverse to the spirit of our constitution, than its pro- ceedings are hateful as being adverse to the spirit of our law. And again you say- The voice of the people of England is not to be bought with money. Petitions, how- ever, are to be procured, and it is not one of the least grievous circumstances which attend those efforts, that the sacred right of petitioning may thus be brought into dis- credit by its abuse. And is it to be believed that £50,000 is requisite to induce the people of England to petition for a matter on which, we are told, they have already set their hearts@? In these passages, Mr. Bankes, you attempt to impress your hearers with the most unworthy opinion of the League you could wish them to be possessed of-the belief that the £50,000 fund is to be expended in getting up parliamentary petitions for the purpose of injuring agriculture. At the same time you profess to have no fear of the League you compare it to the fly on the carriage-wheel, which said See what a dust I'm making and you conclude by saying, Let us take care that the evil day, be it short or be it long, shall not fall upon those who are less able to bear it than ourselves let it not fall on the labourers. We have all, against a rainy day, tight roofs and blazing fires let not these comforts be wanting to the poor. To-morrow, on the great anniversary of Christian thankfulness, we shall each, in our happy homes, enjoy the social circles of relations and friends and, trust me, our own cheerful hearths will seem to burn the brighter when we remem- ber that our cottagers have bright hearths and cheerful circles too. Such professions of kind regard for the poor are not un- usual at the meetings of agricultural societies neither are such fears for the prosperity of agriculture as you profess to entertain, in connection with the proceedings of the League, unusual on the contrary, the commonest features in the proceedings of suc@h meetings as that at Blandford, are the reiterated assertions that the soil of England can only be cultivated if protected from foreign competition and that, above all things, the employment and welfare of the labourers demands that the cultivation of the land should not be endangered. These being the most usual and most forcible arguments put forth in defence of the corn-laws, it became a question with the League to as- certain how far these arguments were well founded. I am one of the individuals whom the council selected to inquire into and report on this important subject. The council deemed it requisite to ascertain as many facts as possible relating to agriculture. They knew that much misrepresentation had gone abroad amongst the farmers re- specting their proceedings in Manchester that much igno- rance pervaded the agricultural classes of all ranks in re- spect of the value of protection to agriculture, and that it was desirable to ascertain what the condition of the farmers and labourers was what the nature of the misrepresentation, what the extent of the ignorance, in order to have both re- moved, by sending lecturers and publications into each district with information and argument suitable to their special circumstances. It was determined that each elector of the United King- dom, and, as far as the £50,000 fund would permit, each non-elector, should have a library of information supplied, which would suffice to displace the ignorance and the mis- representation, and set clearly before the mind of each indi- vidual the whole merits of the corn-law question. To this purpose, Mr. Bankes, and not to the purchase of signatures to the petitions, which you say will bring the sacred right of petitioning into discredit by its abuse, is the great fund of the League to be devoted. And that you may be the better assured that this is the direction in which the money is going, and to some extent has gone, I have to inform you that, in obedience to instruc- tions, I have visited your estate, as also the estates of some other lords and gentlemen who @were with you at the Bland- ford meeting, and have made a report of what I saw, which re- port you will see from time to time in the paper published by the League, called the Anti-Bread-tax Circular. Meantime I have to say that I am truly sorry that every thing I saw on the farm fields, in the farm houses, in the cottages, and all that I heard from farmers and labourers on your property, impressed me with opinions of pour prac- tice as a landlord quite at variance with those you seem to hold in theory. Judging of you by your speech, no man could think otherwise than that you were one of the most liberal patrons of the poor, one who would save the la- bourer from starvation, whether starved by cold or hunger, if you could. We might suppose even more, judging by your speech, we might suppose you to be a zealous pro- moter of every rational measure for the moral advancement as well as physical comforts of your labouring people. I do not say that you have no wish to promote such desi- rable objects. I do not say that you spoke that which you never thought of fulfilling. I can only speak of what I saw on your property but as you conclude your speech by asking leave to add to the old toast of live and let live the words and let well alone, I must presume that you have not changed, nor intended to change, your system, or rather, I should say, your want of system, in managing your extensive property, and in keeping around you a popu- lation the most illiterate, ill paid, and ill fed of any in the United Kingdom. I found your farms cultivated in a very inadequate manner. You exercise a power over your tenantry in re- spect of tenures and political subjugation which will pre- vent them from farming your land as it should be farmed, even if they were the most enlightened tenantry that ever cultivated the soil. But instead of being men of intelligence and enterprise, they are as much the reverse as can well be imagined. The ############################### in public of making the hearths of the labourers cheerful and warm, you either know or should know, that throughout the higher districts of Dorsetshire coals are a luxury which no labourer can afford, save in very small quantities. When wages were higher last year by one or two shillings a week than this year, your labourers in their miserable hovels, which have neither tight roofs, nor tight doors,@@ nor tight any thing but tight rents and pinching hunger to dis- tinguish them-in those hovels your labourers were without fires, save when cooking their scanty meals and this year, when coals are still as dear, you talk of the warm hearths of the labourer and his cheerful society as things to be preserved by keeping off the evil day. If such was not your meaning, if you meant that the labourers of your own and your neighbours' estates are already so poor that they cannot have warm hearths and cheerful meals, without charitable assistance, if your speech was intended to prompt your neighbours to join with you in making the firesides of the labourers glad during the holi- days by such charitable assistance-how can you and your neighbours be satisfied at having a population swarm- ing around you so poor and wretched@? How can you justify the reduction of wages which has so generally taken place? @@What avails it that you pathetically ask the gentlemen around you to save the labourers from the evil day, when in times like the present, which you acknowledge to be fair times, all things considered, your tenants are annually screwed by a rack-rent, and, as a natural consequence, screw all they can out of their labourers to pay such rack-rents? I have seen your labouring people in full employment without a change of clothes. I have seen the merest remnants of blanket rags to cover a family of six children, with their hardworking father and mother. I have seen working men on your property, who declared to me they did not taste butcher's meat for six months, that potatoes and lard, the latter in small quantity, and greens, and anything of that sort @@-such was their own expression-with one-half less bread than they could eat that this meagre food was their sole diet for months together. And how can it be otherwise, Mr. Bankes, on six, seven, and eight shillings a week@? Those who had eight shillings last year are reduced to seven this how, then, can you speak of saving from the labourers the evil day@? In Dorsetshire, whatever the changes may be in other counties, no change takes place in respect of the labourer, but a change to perpetuate the@@ evil day to perpetuate this day, despite all other favouring circumstances. I talked with wives, mothers, and fathers of families on your estate, who all told me that during the recent years of high priced provisions they had not been able to buy, save in a very limited degree, new clothes several of the families had not purchased a single article of dress for three years, so dear had been their food-so low their wages. This year they looked forward with hope to cheaper food for a saving wherewith to buy clothes. But most of them have had their @@wages taken down several had their miserable pay reduced even before they tasted the cheaper food. @Whatever you may choose to say,n misrepresentation of the Anti-Corn-law League, Mr. Bankes, be assured of this, that the League will now prevent you, and those who act with ########################################################### re- turns made to the Salisbury Registrar, for the current quarter, of deaths which have taken place in the three parishes of the city, exceed the usual average by ######################################### other week a vagrant named Trane promised to leave the town it the magistrates would not convict him and he did so, six- pence and a loaf having been given to him. He reached @Harborough, and then retraced his steps to Leicester, hav- ing been fold that our gaol was the most comfortable place in which he could take up his winter quarters! He has accordingly taken lodgings there for a fortnight.-Leicester ########### rumour is afloat that the Marquess of Westminster purposes making a considerable reduction in his rents, in consequence of the low price of produce, and the heavy burdens that at present fall upon the tenantry.-Chester Chronicle. ## One thousand tickets were issued on Wednesday for the great free-trade festival at Glasgow, which is fixed for the 11th instant. ############################## Saturday last, as a man named Saby, a Burton and Kettering carrier, was riding through Barton Seagrave, with his son, a young man of about 18, an elm tree, standing in the churchyard, tell on the cart, injured slightly the father, and broke the son's back. Some men were employed in felling the tree, and it appears had cut it away on one side, without being a ware that the other was considerably decayed. A rope had been sent for by which to control its fall but before the return of the person sent the tree fell, and at the instant of its fall the unfortunate subjects of the accident were pass- ing by.-Northampton Herald. TRIAL of BESSON for the MURDER of M. MARCELL@ANGE. COURT OF ASSIZES@ OF THE RHONE. ################ 26. Immediately after the opening of the court, M. Bac said that he was desirous, before addressing the jury in reply to M. Lachaud, to put a few questions to M. Borié, the physi- cian of Puy. The President ordered M. Borié to be recalled. The witness having appeared, M. Bac asked him whether he was not at Chamblas on the 2d September for the purpose of performing the autopsy of the body of M. de Marcellange, and whether on that occasion he had not seen Besson, and what was his condition. M. Borié replied that during the whole of the time that he was at Chamblas he saw Besson moving about. He waited upon them at table and witness, as a physician, and for another motive which it was not necessary to state, looked at him particularly. He saw only the recent traces of small-pox, but the idea of Besson being unable to walk had never once entered his mind. M. Bac Then you think Besson was able to walk@? M. Borié I repeat that the idea of his not being able to do so never entered my mind. The Abbé Paul now expressed his wish to rectify the de- position that he had made. The President said he had been twice before the court, and plenty of time had been afforded him to rectify every error that he had committed. The Abbé Paul I have said that Marie Boudon had men- tioned to my servant that she had told M. de Marcellange to be on his guard. I wish now to state that it was M. de Marcellange himself who told me that Marie Boudon had made use of this language to him. M. Bac now rose to reply to M. Lachaud. His speech, which lasted three hours, was very brilliant and powerful, but necessarily in a great degree a repetition of what he had said in his first address. He ######################################################## forcibly upon all the depositions which tended directly or indirectly to show that Besson was not in the condition of health at the time of the murder represented by the counsel for the de- fence, and that there was consequently no physical imposs- sibility of his having been the murderer. The evidence of ################################################### weight with the ########## examine the evidence for the alibi, and contended that it was altogether a failure. Alluding to Mme. de Mar- cellange and her mother, who had not ventured to make their appearance on the present trial, and to the excuse which had been set up for their defence, he denied that they had any reason to dread the excitement which it was said had been got up against them, or that they were the victims of calumny. Their absence, said M. Bac, was to be attributed to other motives. They dreaded the search- ing interrogations to which they would be subjected. He noticed as a striking fact that these ladies, who at the assizes for the Puy de Dôme had sworn so positively to an alibi, had not been so positive until the necessity of such evidence in favour of Besson became necessary, as the only means of saving him. Madame de Marcellange, in a deposition which she had made relative to Arsac, had said she thought Besson was at Puy on the evening of the 1st of September. He concluded by expressing his conviction of the guilt of Besson, and of the impossibility of coming to any other opinion from the evidence which the jury had heard on the present trial. M. Lachaud rose to reply, but he had not proceeded far, when, from the fatigue of his previous exertion, he was evidently in an unfit state to continue, and applied to the court for the indulgence of an adjournment until the following day. The President said that, notwithstanding the length of time which the trial had already occupied, he was very wil- ling to consent to the application of the learned gentleman, if he felt confident that his indisposition would not prevent his resuming his arguments on the next day. M. Lachaud said he had every reason to hope he would be able to continue his address on the following day but, should he be unable to do so, he would confide the task to one of the gentlemen who were engaged with him for the defence. The President then adjourned the court until next day at nine o'clock. NINTH DAY, DEC. 27. The court was again crowded to excess. Whilst the usual formalities of the opening were going on, it was whispered that Mme. de Marcellange and her mother were at Lyons, and that domiciliary visits had been paid to several houses, in the hope of discovering them, and inducing them to ap- pear. All attempts to find them, however, had been fruitless. It was added that M. Vincent Saint Bonnet, one of the counsel engaged for them, had only consented to give his assistance on the express condition that they would make their appearance in court. When Besson was brought into court every eye was ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## who was under surveillance, on the charge of having deposed falsely against Besson, appeared to be al- most overcome with emotion. He sighed frequently, and raised his eyes to Heaven. Arsac was as animated as ever, apparently indifferent to everything but the notority of his position. Jacques Bernard, the other man, who was con- demned for perjury in favour of Besson, at Riom, remained in his usual state of apathy. M. Lachaud, on rising to address the jury, thanked the court for its indulgence in adjourning the proceedings on ac- count of his indisposition, and said he trusted he should now have sufficient strength to go through the task, and convey to the jury his own conviction of the innocence of the pri- soner. The learned gentleman then went through the re- mainder of the evidence for and against Besson with the same tact and skill as he had already evinced, commenting upon the weak points of the testimony for the prosecution, and bringing forth, in the strongest possible manner, all that could tell to the advantage of his client. When he had concluded, he again alluded to the absence of Mme. de Marcellange, and her mother. He said M. Bac has re- marked on the flight of the ladies of Chamblas, and has told you that, if they were not the accomplices of Besson, they would have been here. To me, however, it appears, that their absence is the gravest obstacle to the acquittal of Besson. I will reverse the argument of the partie civile, and say that, if the ladies of Chamblas were the accomplices of the prisoner, they would not, dreading any disclosures which he might make in their absence, have quitted him for an instant. Would they not, if they were his accomplices, be constantly at hand to urge him by their looks to persevere in a system of delegation@? On Friday last I wrote to them to sum- mon them to Lyons, and to appear before you. I had hoped that they would have complied with the urgent re- quest that I made, but they are not come. They are cowardly, it is said-they are cowardly. And who is it that says this@? You, Monsieur Turchy de Marcellange-you who are courageous. You have had the good, or rather the ill, fortune, for it will cost you dear one day, to cause your hatred to pass into the conviction of an honest man M. Bac , full of talent and ardour. He is a man of feeling. He saw you weep, and wept with you, and when he weeps he is unable to detect the guile which is con- cealed by the tears of another. Having succeeded with him, you charged him with a terrible mission, and, as his convictions are profound, he has performed it in a terrific manner. He has crushed these unfortunate women with all the weight of his eloquence. I have read the speech which he made at Riom. I have heard his speech here, and I can appreciate the force of the calumnies which he has heaped upon these ladies. And you think it is a difficult thing to calumniate, M. Truchy de Marcellange! If the ladies @of Chamblas were not simple and pious women if, when they heard of your calumnies, instead of falling on their knees before God to implore from him strength to resist and pardon, they had followed you to the fi@eld of calumny, do you think they would have found it difficult to reach you? I have addressed grave reproaches to you, but there is a feeling for which I give you credit. I am sure yon regret the death of your brother, and that it has filled your mind with grief. I se@e that you have fraternal piety. And yet, if the ladies of Chamblas had been desirous of calumniating you, they mig@ht have done so they might have set up against you the most monstrous, the most calumniatory accusations. Do you know what they might have said to you? They might have said that the most strange and sinister presentiments agi- tated you that you had almost fixed the date of the dea@th of your brother. I know that this would have been mon- strous, for I bow before your fraternal love, but I am desirous that you should be made to comprehend fully the extent @of evil, of which calumny is capable, the evil you have com- mitted and that which might have fallen upon you had you in your turn been accused, and which calumny would have been the more terrible on account of your strange presen- timents, you having fixed, as it were, the period of your brother's death, with the fact added to all this, that at the time when you were speaking thus, a will had been made in your favour. I am willing to admit that all this ####### am willing to acknowledge that you #################################################### vailed in court. The registrar called over ### n@ames of the witnesses, who came in crowds to ################ al- lowed by the law for their attendance. Most of them, as soon as they had received their @money, quitted the court, apparently indifferent as to what might be the result of the deliberation of the jury. At the end of an hour the jury returned and, having taken their seats, the President said, Upon my honour and my conscience, in the presence of God and man, the declaration of the jury is on the first question-Is the ac- cused guilty of having, in the evening of the 1st September, 1840, committed voluntary homicide on the person of M. de Marcellange in his chateau of Chamblas?-Yes, by a majority on the circumstance of premeditation and sur- prise, Yes, by a majority. No declaration of extenuating circumstances was made by the jury. M. Bac This is a sentence of death. Besson, who had been removed from the court when the jury retired, was now brought in again. He was exceed- ingly pale, almost inanimate. Arsac and Bernard, who had been removed with Bessen, were not brought back. The verdict of the jury was now read to the prisoner. He heard it without uttering a word. The Procureur-General called upon the court to pronounce sentence of death, and to declare in the interest of society, by way of example, that the execution should take place in the public square at Puy. The President Accused, have you anything to say as to the application of the punishment? Besson was silent, but held down his head, and wept. M. Lachaud was at this time absent from the court. Whilst the judges were in their council-room deliberating on the sentence, every eye was fixed on Besson. He re- mained without movement, his head resting on his left hand. He appeared to be suffering great mental agony. The judges having returned, the ############ found silence, pronounced sentence of death, ordering the prisoner to be executed on the public ####### Whilst all this sad formality ####### mattress-maker, appeared to be in a ####### He scarcely heard the President when he ordered the surveil- lance under which he had been placed to cease, and that he should be set at liberty.@@ @@@@@@Besson was remove@ by the gendarmes. He was at thi time in such a state that he ############# reaching a waiting-room to which prisoners are first taken when they are removed from the court, ####### a little courage. He struck his ############### his right hand, and said For all that, the whole of what my counsel said was the truth@@. A Lyons letter of the 28th states, that ############ of his intention to appeal to the Court ############ against his sentence. ASYLUM FOR FEMALE ORPHANS. TO THE ###### OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE. SIR-There are eleven candidates for the vacant morning preachership to this institution. The right of election lies in the governors, who, fortunately for the interests of the charity, constitute a numerous body. Ten of the reverend gentlemen who aspire to the preachership have made the canvass which has taken place on all former occasions o a vacancy in this office. The eleventh clergyman has offered to serve gratuitously, so long as he may be unbeneficed provided the governors will spare him the trouble and ex- pense of soliciting their votes in his own person, or through his friends. This offer has been blazoned to the world in the columns of the John Bull newspaper. I, therefore, as one of the feel justified in making my comments upon it. The writer says, Nor, perhaps, should we have even alluded to the subject, but for the desire eventually to serve this excellent ## well as to render @'the honour due' to one of tho@se clergy- men, more particularly since we have been credibly in- formed that, though without any professional emoluments, or private fortune beyond what is absolutely necessary for a comfortable subsistence, he has, in the handsomest man- ner, spontaneously offered to the asylum his gratuitous services@ so long as he shall continue unbene- ficed. We have already stated the condition. Now, sir, it appears to me, that no honour is due to the reverend gentleman for this proposition, and that it is the very reverse of handsome. First, it is unfair towards his reverend brethren, the ten other candidates. They must necessarily in @great part belong to a class of the clergy, many of whom have not that private fortune neces- sary for a comfortable subsistence, and, therefore, though at least as disinterested as this gentleman, as zealous in their ministry, and as anxious to do good to the poor, could not afford to labour without the hire which has been appointed for the office they solicit, by the governors of a well-managed charitable institution. Thus, though amongst them there might be in every respect more eligible can- didates, if this very suspicious liberality upon the part of one whose time is unemployed, and whose comfort- able subsistence is assured-were to be permitted, they would be all driven from the field. Nor, in point of fact, can I see any more liberality or gentlemanly conduct and feeling in this handsome offer than if, in my own pro- fession, I were spontaneously to offer my gratuitous ser- vices to a public company in a suit at law. If I did so, however I might-and however sincerely I might-allege my belief in the excellence of the company, I should re- ceive no credit for disinterestedness, and no gentleman would be disposed to honour me, either in private so- ciety, or in public, through the columns of a news- paper. My object would be held to be clear enough. This fellow, it would be said, is without any professional emoluments, but he wants to get them and in order to do so, he is resorting to dishonourable means. Now let us look at this unemployed clergyman's case, and see if it differs materially from that I have put with reference to a briefless barrister. He is willing, so long as he shall remain unbeneficed, to give his gratuitous ################# to a charity, which his advocate in the John Bull informs us is under the immediate patronage of the Arch- bishop of Canterbury!!-the Duke and Duchess of Cam- bridge being the president and patroness. It is also sup- ported by several ladies of distinction as vice-patronesses while among the vice-presidents are Sir R. Peel!!! Lord Lyndhurst!!! the Bishop of Winchester! the Bishop of Lincoln! Lord Bexley, @c.@ c. Now, sir, let me ask, is there a clerical office in London in which a man of ability would be more likely to preach himself into a benefice than this preachership to an institution, which numbers amongst its presidents and governors those in who@se hands is so very large a portion of church patronage@? And is the offer upon the part of an unemployed clergyman, with means of comfortable subsistence, to serve gratuitously the effort to procure professional advancement and reward, so disinterested and so very honourable to him as it has been described by his panegyrist in the John Bull@? One more question. If a cadetship in the Honourable East India Company's service be worth £100, how much would this preachership be worth to one properly qualified to dis- charge its duties@? I am, sir, your obedient servant, A BRIEFLESS BARRISTER. Temple, January 1, 1843. TO THE ###### OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE. SIR-On seeing a paragraph in the Saunders's News Letter of this morning, copied from your paper, and signed an Irish Amateur, in which my name is mentioned, I lose not a moment in begging that you will be kind enough to correct one error which gives me much uneasi- ness, wherein it@ states that the committee for erecting the column in Trafalgar-square obtained a copy of the statue by Kirk, in Sackville-street, to serve as a model of their figure. Your correspondent most have been misin- formed, as I never knew or heard of such an occurrence. By your giving this an insertion in your valuable paper you will greatly oblige, sir, your very humble servant,ant, THOMAS KIRK, Sculptor. 21, Jervis-street, @Dublin, December 29, 1842. ############################# morning, @at ten o'clock, this session commences in the Justice-hall, Old Bailey, being the ninety-ninth, and the third of the present mayoralty. Considering the short interval since ####### of the last session the calendar is numeri-@ ################################################################## from interest but why do you think the ladies of Chamblas were more capable of it than yourself@? Learn, M. Truchy de Marcellange, that the calumny of which you are guilty may be turned against yourself. The ladies of Chamblas are pious women, and they must have been so to submit without recrimination to the disgraceful position in which you wished to place them. These poor women must have been full of mercy not to have thought of turning upon you the weapon which you have so cruelly employed against them. M. Lachaud now adverted to the evidence which had been given as to the appearance of a mysterious stranger in the neighbourhood of Chamblas six days previously to the murder, for the purpose of showing that, as far as suspicion went, it was reasonable to suspect this person of the crime which was attributed to Besson. Al- luding to an observation that had been made on the other side, of his having spoken favourably of Arsac, he said I have not said that I admired his character, his senti- ments, his acts but what I have admired is the force, the energy of his nature, derived from a solitary life in the midst of rocks, the elevation of mind and intelligence-The Procureur-General Permit me, M. Lachaud, to observe that public morality is in danger from such obser- vations. M. Lachaud Be not alarmed, sir. I am not of the school which deifies crime. I am not one of those who pardon everything in greatness, of whatever kind. I do not bow before great criminals. The learned gentleman concluded his powerful address by saying to the jury - I pray God, at this supreme moment, to inspire you with a conviction of the innocence of the un- happy man at the bar, in order that you may restore him to his family, and to the brother, who is now behind me, and who is come for him from his native mountains. I have ############################################## still suffering severely from indisposition, now sat down in a state of exhaustion. During the whole of the speech of M. Lachaud, Arsac, Bernard, and Bérard, listened with the most profound at- tention. Arsac was especially attentive. At the different phases of the arguments he frequently smiled, ######### sionally nodded approbation. His eye was brilliant, and his countenance was at times full of emotion and intelligence. The Predident Besson, have you anything to add in your defence? Besson rose, and advancing towards the President, re- plied in a firm voice, No, M. le President. The President then summed up the evidence on both sides, leaving out all that had no direct bearing on the ac-@ cusation@. At one o'clock the jury withdrew to deliberate on their verdict@@@@. @@The questions put to them by the court were as follow -Is Jacques Besson guilty of having, on the night of the 1st September, 1840, committed with premeditation and sur- prise, voluntary homicide on the person of @Louis Villehardin de Marcellange@? Is Jacques Besson guilty of having, by gifts, machinations, or promises, excited the author or authors of the said murder to commit it, and has he thus rendered himself an accomplice? ###################################################################### num- ber committed down to Saturday, there are several under a course of examination at the various police courts, some of whom are charged with murder and other heinous crimes. There are also a variety of misdemeanors, which were tra- versed from the late sessions, so that the court will probably be occupied the entire week. The judges on the rota are Mr. Baron Gurney, Mr. Justice Erskine, an@d Mr. Justice Wightman. ###################################### adjourned meeting of the inhabitants was held on Friday evening in the spacious room of the Swan Tavern, Mansell- street, @at seven o'clock, the Rev. Mr. Champneys in the chair. Messrs. Cook, the treasurer and secretary for the relief of the unfortunate sufferers, stated that the total amount of subscriptions up to that time was £354 4s. 5d., of which there had been £274 3s. already awarded. After passing various resolutions, to be advertised in the public papers, and a vote of thanks to the treasurer, secretary, and the worthy chairman, for their strenuous efforts on be- half of the sufferers, the meeting, which was both nume- rous and respectable, separated. #################### Saturday night, shortly after seven o'clock, an alarming explosion of gas took place at the Travellers' Club, in Pall-mall. The explosion sounded as if from the discharge of a piece of ordnance. It was soon discovered that the gas-pipes which run along the ceiling of the billiard-room on the second floor had burst, and the gas igniting had exploded, and tore away a great portion of the ceiling. The fire-engines were in at- tendance very shortly, but fortunately their services were not required, for no fire could be discovered. The damage is estimated at about £100. ############################################################### reached the head police- office, Great Scotland-yard, yesterday, of the following ex- tensive burglary -At an early hour on the previous morn- ing the dwelling-house of Messrs. James and John Smith, known as Monkton Farm, situate in the parish of Brough- ton Gifford, in the county of @Wilts, was feloniously broken into and entered by four persons. A variety of things were stolen, chiefly consisting of gold and silver articles, amount- ing to a very great sum of money. The whole of the offen- ders are @at present unknown, but to aid to their appre- hension a reward of £30 is offered. On the news reaching London, one of the officers of the detective force was in- stantly despatched to the neighbourhood where the robbery was committed, to make inquiries, and to endeavour to de- tect the guilty ######################################## ####### the 20th, an inquest was held by Mr. Cains, @at the vicarage house, Combo St. Nicholas, near Chard, on the body of Jane Fowler, a young woman of about 19 years of age, in the service of the @Rev. F. L. Moysey. It appeared ########## that the deceased had lately ####################### very tightly, and had even required ############ ### fellow servant to dress herself tightly. On Thursday ########### taken ill, but nothing ############# morning when she had dressed herself, ##### much worse, and before a surgeon could arrive she was a corpse. From an examination of the body, there ################ to have been an internal ################### caused death, and a verdict was returned ###################################### ################################################################################################# of Messrs. Webster, at ################### boiler, which was a very ####################### mendous crash, ##########################################################################################