[OCR_toInput] m THE MO RUING CHRONICLE MONDAY, JANUARY 2. sPAjy, _madridTd c. at s STMJlft ,u#a joon l of Madrid, aided so sal-raries ot ParU, are attacking the the twfljbafdmeat of Barce-■KwfiiCtory ,to into hat the people of Spain f the matter. Iu.gi'lug some iusight into Of national Jesting up0 ft this subject, I may jasr t •-'on-d wki ° u ' m w man -• •t ' find a ready echo iu foreip ft jauruol chiefly de-T a MEETING ! ro n rrtAmg in 81ft instant h aid it a REPEAL oft i niMtlnir do now rt or to adJ to iu Qum _ J W tbe corn and provision law , and all otbar monopolies Tho follow ni are among tbe uohlrmen and MtkaMi wuo htTO already b mhc members of thofen al committee The Mof Eadnot. John Cyileti, Esq. of MEMBERS of PARL1A-end Gvntlefnte r s'.imt In London, held nt the HOtiMi roJfrenooM, on tb am lo.Unt, fn nid of the Jpynl! nauoael lf it non mnklnn to procott n RKPHAL of ths CORJf-LAVS, II n re tees, ThsvthU nuntlne do new rewire itwn lnio n p-' th metropo-A Rntia now waklna to procure a REPEAL of tfcsOO • molted, Thai tM meeting do new reeohi .. - commlitof with power to add to iu numbera lor- I -Ilian baroujrhe, in order to promote free trade by Tn ataMlon of Lord Ktonalrd. Lord Bdw. Kune!'., M.P. t r- Admiral Hon. D.P.Bouver ! C ha Mm de ia • 'ryme, Kiq. Ta Arthim MiliUr 'te ectlug ' ST By, moveuuntu end appointments in lu ccneec uwlfia i ,M reported hi Barcalou . rtWptioT rewired there or the IrtTliTSS lh _,■ InValflncis. In htWgoaJrThk Mtd would retwm to Madrid bcorrect the falsehood. M, CiRBV, ex-president of the revolutionary Junta of Barcelona, ha addressed a letter to tl Marseilles Semaphore, in which h denies having ever been a paymaster of a Corps Franc. As we sccnsed him, on the credit of a Barcelona letter, of having filled this office during the war, when four millions of reals were embezzled, wo give t length M. Cause's contradiction -I am accused of being possessed of 100,000 francs rentes, the produce of a double robbery. The first committed as paymaster of a corps the second' as President of the Junta, I neverwas the pay-master of a corps. As to the Junta, it never re-ceived more than about 280, XX francs from the funds of the Provincial Deputation a sum small in proportion to ths necessities of a great city, especially at such a moment, when excesses, pro-cceding from the destitution of the poor, were to be prevented. The Junta paid twenty-live sous a day to its National Guards, and to many officers of the army. Where, then, is the robbery ? We will give M. Carsv full credit for his denial of having ever been paymaster of a corps. With respect to the fuuds taken from the treasury in Barcelona the Spanish authorities will themselves reply. A close inquiry has been made into all facts' and they will come forth in the debates of the Cortes. M. Carsv gives another account of the rescue of the thirty prisoners. All the official defences of M. T.rssbps confess that these prisoners were taken from a French boat belonging to the Meleagre, and under the French flag. It was the duty of M. Lrsbsps to claim and see them liberated. The following is the way in which M. Carsy tells us they were liberated -Let the English press know, writes tha ex-president of the Junta, Cabsv, that these persons were taken out of our hands by a e,baritable snb-terfuge of the Consul. The reprmentativc of France presented'himself before the Junta, and asked would 1 oppose the going away of a JPrench family, to which he had given passports. It was the first visit I received from him. I did not hesitate to satisfy him and the family in question were about to embark, when I learned that they were the Ladies Van Halkn, with General Chacon. 1 would not go back from my word. The Consul, in his humanity, thuX deprived ue of pre-cions political hostages, the keeping of whom might have prevented the bombardment. This account is totally ditlerent from the official account given by M. Lessjsps himself to the French Government, aud published by it in an English Tory paper. M. I.RSSRrs says, tha on learning that a gr.mp.of women and children belonging to the families of the Captain General and General Zaiiala bad been carried off by the militiu at the moment they were about to embark on board the Meleagre. This account blinks the material point, admitted by the Debate, and avprred by Ge nerals Van Halbn and Pastob, that they were taken out of ft boat under tbe French flag, a boat belonging to the French vessel of war. M. Lassai's says, he flew to the President of tbe Junta, and energetically insisted tbst tho persons should be given up. M. Carsv's account is very different and either he or M. Lrsseps make a statement completely false. Indeed it is very remarkable bow none of these people tell the same story. General Pastor relates tho surrender of the Atarazanas in a way utterly contradictory of M. Lrsskps whilst M. Carsy tells the story of the embarkation of the ladies altogether different also from the narrative of the French Consul. Wherever we are to look to for truth, we certainly cannot expect it from that side, of which tbe very actors and partizans so egre-grioosly contradict each other. ration tb reertl detail which of. thi plan, hft. to hot ' any thing of thitvirt'-euch was tholrown ex rroesinn.- bJf'nMssftry to the working v.. - - - . zxh T ?' M f !saw £3® Hff-jaresw't and fathers of families had Indie, by th- next packet a very lii SorrMAViTON, January 1.-The Oriental and Peninsal'u Company'ireteanl-ghlp, th Oriental, sailed Iron thi port at eight o'clock thto morning, with Ixty-flv first class pfts enpers aad will call at faimouth for the Malta In thednulma re. oat of the moon, and on the'' glad water of the dark blue uca. ' fe morrow- Woman' Lovo, Bla k WkUker aod Billy Taylor. t-if~ Th publication of The Morning Chronicle fintohsd on Saturday morning at Eight o'clock and Fu ll 'tpnil . The Montrose, one of tbe regular Penin-Ktdak packets, rrivad here thto nioraing-. She sailed from ratotdtar ou the 'Z#d of December, 'Vella irtd, Ldeboa eth, I Oporto 27th. and Vig# 28th. .V Lisbon she took in a lull nariro ot fruit, and at Vljo twelve oxen. The Moniro e brink's home twelve passengers. Sailed yesterday, tie team-pt.-ke Iberia, for Gibraltar. Lisbon, fie. The Hoyc i tv .st India Matt Packet Compaay's.'Jeam-ship, th Trident, arrived thto moraiuq' from London, and will sail from this rmrt to-morrow, calling at Talmooth,' to take the Wet ■ - bo 4qh. Tho Trident carrie out 400 bottles nnd thtrfy-soves passengers. The next Went India mail 8u4, is tit Thames, uml she is expected to arrive I EARLY EDITION.? THE MORE US 1 CHRONICLE. LON DON MOb DA V, JANUARY 2, 1843. on Saturday neit ■■ WinhbvR-Mrlancholv ano Fatal Aqti-nkHT -On Friday a very dreadftii accident occurred, al the jnalthpuse at Upton, beloiq,-ins to, M-oSrt. Jennings, the brewerlk of Windsor, bv which one onfortunate man w i' killed on the spot, and two others much Injured. The ma haute conFtot of three stories, thi two lower of which are the working floors, and the upper was used for storing q UM tity of which was placet! there. There Si at work In tbe house, and happening to per-'th beam ef the upper floor slightly giving .removed the malt from that parti to the of the flooring, which time became overe occi sioned the subseqnent accident. They lived some barley trickling down from tbe .floor to So lory, beneath- on which one,of them re turned to th room'to stop up the hole or crevice, whsa the whole of th flooring of that story fell into the room ' Kunesth. whleh wus also broken away, and the whole fell to ory, carrylug tbe tpen with them in the Assistance wa sptadi.y procured, and ths ! re dxtrfoated as soon as possible, when it wa , rftbens, named Robinson,wa killed on the en drerdfufly fractured qa the head. A ' ' the maltster, was found to have re-lojnries,Internally aud externally oflgfogs, where he now Ue _ .Kqvery. The third man wa vert but not diuurero'wly and the fourth with slight bruise.- ttWrer Em severely Dog. Of Nxwoabtii AND. Hi Own AftAIR # 5l diotea on the occMfon of the extensive tmjlof'ir# v month? cmrk, another porcicn ol our s V' moot part mfirtMiii • ff v month? to, to say itethlnz ol rfd aese-'Sed such enoriami iSae tuonution 'vuinetth JhrifoL WlkrO-v 4 i mwbbs ethers, who bad clai .iCfcaatoieing tItem'll8 totoWw not geic Wq a-'•'VBrjj Mfeapi Dfo imj Mlnistors evidently fee! tha difficulty in which they are placed by that clause of the Ashburton capitulation to which we called ft Mention on Thurs day , and their affectation of making Ifght of it only betray the more glaringly their sens# of uneasiness. Lord Abarbkxn may rely upon it that it will re quire something more tbau the confident assevera tions of bto newspapers to convince tha public that this treaty has not, instead of consolidating peace between England and America, thrown new and serious obstacles in the way of its being maintained Look, for example at this subject of the right of visit. The Government organ tells us that last year this question threatened to Embroil us with tbe United States. And no doabt it did. It is impossible to read tb correspondence that t#ok place lietween the representatives of the two Go vernments without being convinced that an early 1 clear, and deiinito adjustment of the question was essential to a good understanding between the two countries. It was one of the questions, the settle ment of which was looked for as amongst the happiest results of Lord Ashburton's mision. Next to ths boundary question, it was the one most likely to involve the two countries in a misunder standing. Now, in what state did Lord Ashburton find this question ? and in what state did he leave it 1 England claimed as she still claims , a right to ascertain by visit the real nationality of merchant i vessels mat with on the high seas. Tbe exercise of such a right tbr American Government said was hevrp iBcI de in maritime law, and towards vessels oi their nation should not be put in force. The exercise oi such p right, replied Lord Ab rdxnn ha been the invariable practice of tbe Britivb .navy. So it sltali continuo, and in conformity wifb it orders to put it in fores are issued from the Not one of the Freneh journals even alhids to the existence of the letter of General Pastor, which filled three columns of the Madrid papers, and which proved the full participation of the French Consul, M. Lasssrs, in the surrender of the Atarazanas. Though pass ing altogether in silence a document so interesting j the DSbats answers an accusation which it attributes to us. and which we did not make. It triumphantly states that the Spanish Consul at Bayonne has been removed for giving Colonel Pbim pa -port. We did not complain of the Freneh authorities oFBayonne. We complained of those Of Perpignan, who arrested Colonel Prim, as bearer of a false passport, but who instantly set him free, when he confessed, that as an enemy of the Spanish Regent and Govern -ment, he had been obliged to take a passport under a false name. We have related Colonel Prim's efforts to get to Barcelona, and his sucress in getting to Figueras too late for serious mischief, though not too late to cause a littla insurrection, and to force the chief inhabitants of that town to go now into exile. 'Since thkt time the French telegraph an nounced that TRrradas kept up hts band in tbe Lampourdau, and that Colonel Prim had gone to raise' the Campo di Tarragona. On tbe contrary, Trrradas has been driven ont of the Lampourdsn into France hnd Colonel Prim, instead of going to Tarragona, has also taken refuge with bis Freuch friends fn Perpignan. Our letters state, that the number of Spanish refugees on the frontier are great that they are not merely the refugees of the late insurrection, but old Carlist partizans, who hed been summoned, and who bad come from distant depots. This menacing state of things on the fron tier, which the French Home office and its police purposely keep up, obliges tbe Rbcibnt, at this moment, to keep 50, WO men in Catalonia, and to be bimself continually on the watch. . In Barcelona itself every means are tried to keep up the spirit of revolt. The Carlo-Jovellenist Club has influence enough to prevent the re-opening of the manufactories. The Constilutionnelot the -22d ult. exclaims, on learning the promotion ofLxssxps, to be officer of the Legion of Honour -What a scandal! We have proved be-yond the possibility of contradiction the con-nivance of M. Lksssps with the insurgents, Louie Philippi rewards thi connivance, and therefore approves of it. How disgraceful and ignominious must the reward be, that has been gained by ths provocation of disorders, and the • spilling of the blood of both soldiers and patriots! The Constitutionnel adds- That it knows posi-tfrely, that several Frenchmen fired on the Quren's troops, and. that it could name one who boasted of having killed an officer, The officers of th citadel of Montjaich have de dared, that before ami during the bombardment •heje were uo English t fifteen nor Congreve rockets in ithe fortress thus contradicting the stupid calumnies of the Affanerr dos. We have received printed letter from Bsrce We have copied from tbe Aylesbury News u Second Letter from Lord Nugent to the Rev. John Harrison, on the Condition of the Agri cultural Labourers. It is eminently. deserving of the attention of tbe landowners Of England. His lordship declined in his former JeMcr to specify misconduct towards the poor in particular parishes. but on the present occasion he has deemed it ad visable to give instances -8om ! wretoUed man, ha says, 11 I fell in with a few day ago. I questioned them. I beard their statement. I inquired Into its truth. It has been confirmed to me. They were from the parish of Waddesdeu. In a note it to etated This parish belongs to the Duke of MARMiORoboH, a nen-resident landlord. ! In that parish a great portion of the labouring poor are without employ, and therefore without means of sub sistence. Those who are employed tteording to the iniqui tous and ruinous system of Ktiges apportioned to the extent qf families, and receive for norh, sender the name of wages, eight shillings a meek to men with families, and to sjnolb men i our sHiALrNos the latter allowance being less than one-half of wkat I have shown to be neces sary tor proper subsistence, Here let ur pause. Wbat is the ns of the Somer set-house commissioners and assistant-commis sioners, bee., if the aliowauca systeiu exists ia ei great vigour as ever ? Eight shillings for a man with a family, and four shillings to single men ! The principle of the new Poor-law was tbe separa tion of independent labour from pauperism. No distinction wa to be any latiger recognised between labourers with families and single men. If the single man perforip? the same labour as a man with a family, bis wage ought to be the same. But in the agricultural districts we find part of the family oi the married man maintained by the single man.' The New Poor-law has broken down. 1 have lately, continue bto lordship, returned from p eeing a fortnight in Li ice# tern hire. T found the general rate of agricultural wages there to be 12 . a week in many instances 13 . iu some higher varying according to the quality of the labour. And these coals, a large and most necessary item in the expenses of liie, are sold at the rate of I2j. the ton at the labourer' door. Hare the labourer cannot buy them at a less rate than 20 . at tbe wharf, or in hi own village, at th retail dealer's, at a less rate than from 27s. to 30s. th ton. If wages follow the prices of necessaries, how hap pens it that in those counties of England where neces saries are dearest, wages are lowest ? Wc also insert a letter we have received from a reporter cf the Anti-Corn-law League, on the con dition of the labourers on tbe estate of Mr. Banbrs -that gentleman who, at the Blandford dinner, was so tremblingly alive to the welfare of thn labourers. The description of tbe misery of the poor creatures is quite heart-rending. What asto nishes us, is, that in distrioti where such wretched nese prevails among the labourers, landowners should dare to open their mouths on such a subject-When wage , says this reportor to th League. •• were higher last year by on or two shillings a week than this year, your kfoonrere in their miserpble hovel , which nave neither ' tight roofs' nor ' tiffin door ,' nor tig-fit anything, but tight rent n T pinching htrngtrto dtotingntoh them, in those hovel your labourers werewfwbut fire , save when cooking their scanty meal and title year, when coals are still a dear, von talk of the warm hearth of tho labourer, and lito cheerful society, a things to be preserved by keeping off th evil day.' . , . I have oeau your labouring people In full' employment without a change of clothes. 1 have seen tbe merest rem nant ol blanket rag to cover a family efaix childrelTwith their hard- orkiug father and mother. T have own hard working mi u on your property who declared to in they did not taste bn toner's meat for six months that potatoes and lard, tbe latter In small quantity, and greens, and u oa wiui wiwd, mother , our estate, who all told me that during the recent years of high-pried provisions they had not been able to buy, save clothe . Several of the article of dress for three years, so low their wages. This is really a frightful state of thmgs. But poor and trampled on as tho agriculture labourers of England arc, and low as the landowners deem gf them, to judge from the disgusting flum mery spoken at them, we conceive there is more danger in that quarter than the fords of the soil are aware of. Protection is as good an argument in the mouth of the tabourer as in that of the hmd-owner. The Tory landlords are bringing an old house about their ears. Wbat Lord Nugbnt says on this point Will be said by others If, say his lordship, the occupier of land claim, a a right, protection for the vain of hi.- produce-if the lainl-lord chum as a right protec.tion for the value oi his laud, the value of which must be measured by tbe value of hi produce, the labourer ha an equal right, he has a much higher right, to protection for the value of At produce, hi labour, becuusi he ha uo capital to stand out for price during ita fluctuation . He ia day by diiy ac pendent on market , which, under the present vicious system, destroy him, impoverish the former, and against which only the command of capital can enable any man whose fortunes depend on the value of agricultural produce to wait upon tbe fluctuations of what seasons may affect, but law has rendered ruinously precarious. If then he who rente land, or he who iets it, claim protective laws for his produce, bat at th# same tiuio claim that labour, which gives value to his property, shall remain unprotected, and dependent on his demand for it, this is to require, under tho name and sanction of law, tlie power of committing open and unmitigated robbery-a power to demand a protected aud arbitrary price, auhject only to his own wants for that labour by which those prov isions are produced. ' The advocates of protection leave ont tbe la bourer, but they are p .f'tt a frightful weapon into his hands. The Scripture says, accursed is he who deals with two measures. Lord Nugent says that even at the present price of provisions, feo single man in his neighbourhood can main tain himself in health and strength upon less than 8s. 3Jd. weekly and no married man, with an average family of three children and their mother, upon less than 14 . 611. a weak, ex clusive ef harvest wages. Tbe argument for protec tion embraces all these people and the conclusion will be drawn from the premises. They who take upon them the management of others, incur a fearful responsibility. Free trade is one thing, and protec tion is another but when protection extends to all, it is very different from protection to a privileged class. We warn the isndowners, that the advocates of pro tection are raising questions pregnant with fearful consequences. __________ Though we have'always protested against the in justice to the people of England ot the system by which the price of colonial produce is so much en hanced, we have, at the same time, contended that Government ought, in fairness to tbe owner of estates in our colonies, to give them every facility for obtaining the labour by which alone they can compete advantageously with the owners of slaves. IVe hear great complaints of Lord Stanley by those who are interested in the prosperity of the West Indies. The planters say that bo has not done bis duty to them-that he has not applied himrelf as he ought to the giving effect to the recommendations of Parliamentary committees, by taking the necessary steps for facilitating the immigration into our colo nies of labourers from Africa. The select committee ou West India colonies sub mitted to the House of Commons on the 25th ol July, certain resolutions containing suggestions, the result of evidence taken before it thase resolutions sho w that the act of emancipating the sieves has been productive of the greatest advantage to the negro population that their character and condition have been greatly improved that many of tbe former slaves have been enabled to purchase land, and to acquire wealth without labouring more than three or four days jb a week, and from five to seven fo urs in a day. The committee report that simultaneously with this amendment in the condition of the negroes there occurred a very great diminution in the staple productions of tho West Indies to such an extent as to have caused serious, and, in some cases, ruinous injury to tbe proprie tors of estates. The distress in Jamaica, British Guiana, and Trinidad has been so great, ns to have caused many estates, hitherto pros perous and productive, to lie cultivated for the last two or three years at a considerable loss, and others to be abandoned-that the causes of this diminished production and consequent loss, are the great diffi culty which has been experienced by the planters iu obtaining steady and continuous labour, and tht high rate of remuneration which they give for such broken and indifferent as work they are able to procure. The remedies proposed by the committee to check the increasing depreciation of West India property are set forth in the lltb, 12tb, and 13tb, re solutions which accompany its report. lltb. That one obvious and must desirable inode ol endeavouring to compensate for thto diminished supply ol labour, to to promote the immigration of a fresh labour ing population, to such an extent ae to create competition for employment. i'ith. That, for tbe better attainment of that object, ns well as to secure the full rights and comforts of tbe immi grants as freemen, it to desirable that such immigration should be conducted under the authority, inspection, and coutrol of responsible public officer . 13th. Thatittoaiso a serious question whether it to not required by a due regard to the just rights end interest of the West India proprietors, and tbe ultimate weiiare of the negroes themselves, more especially iti consideration of the large addition to the labouring population, which it is hoped may soon be effected by immigration, ihat the laws which regulate the relations lietween employers and la bourers in the diff erent colonies shouid undergo early and carefnl revision by their re spective legislatures. The select committee on the west coast of Africa, in its report dated the 5th of August, has the follow ing remarkable passages -We need hardly add more to prove that it would be well for the African In every point of view, to find himself a free labourer in he free British West India Colonies, enjoying, then, as he would, higher advantages of every kind, than have ialien to Iho lot of the negro race iu any ether portion of tbe globe. Again, tbe committee states-Your committee cannot but strongly urge upon Parlia ment not only not to prohibit the emigration ot tree blacks from our African settlemnnts to our West India colonies, but to encourage and promote it bytlie authority ol Govern ment, under the sanction and regulation above suggested, or such other as further consideration may supply. Here we find two committees of the House cl Commons, in the months of July and August, re commending immigration as a means of improving the African, and of preventing further depreciation of West India property. It will hardly be credited that, notwithstanding the pressing necessity of j .. M ftiftifetlra. in which any part of ibU plan canb#brewg ttato operation, Wd Stanley desuM me toadd, that he emmbt undertake to arrang for thsteta bli huieut #f a vessel to ran to any re.lony ua il hrr MA which may ensue trot,, rendering T X i , S, Hxuense. Subject to thto condition, he win take tiis earliest opportunity ot bringing the plan into ope-ri On the 17th of December the merchants inte rested in British Guiana gave the required guarantee for that colony, which guarantee was stated to e satisfactory, and that immediate measures would he taken to send a vessel to Sierra Leone. It s be-lieyed that the merchant interested in Jamaica anti Trinidad are prepared to give similar guar wives. Here, then, we find in tbe month ot August, two committees of the House of Commons recommend ing immigration as ft means of saving West India property from farther depreciation and in tbe month of October a meeting ot West India merchants, pressing on her Majssxy'b Government the ne cessity of adopting the suggestions of the com mittees to avert the threatened rum of the West India colonits, subsequently furnishing the Colo nial Minister with a detailed plan of immigra tion and yet up to this day no vessel bas been hired for the purpose of carrying African labourers to the West Indies. It will be handy credited that the minister who introduced the great treasure of emancipation, and conducted it with inch ability through all its stages in the House of Com-mops, in the year 1833, is the same Minister wbo preside over the colonial department at present. Yet, Lord Stanley held tbe seals for tho colonial department in 1833, and does ao now. ,V states man's character is so much involved in the ulumato success of that great measure as that ot Lord tan-Kffv ' ' reugtds KintutAfnl. ua. - . j fins been attended by raiDO 1 ! ws- a to law. proprietory body. We also see ifrat mean have been pointed out not only to pre vent the further depreciation of property m the West Indies, but to improve the condi. on ot the African, Notwithstanding all this, the noble loro at the head of the Colonial Department has not taken any efficient measure for the aecomp'ish-ment of the objects so loudly called for by pressing necessity. By tbe adoption of wise and energetic measures for promoting immigration to tbe West Indian Colonies, Government wotfld do more to put an end to tbe foreign rfave trade, than it is possible to do by treatiet, or the employment ot ship ofwar on thrcoast of Africa. Hu it escaped Lord Stanley's notice that by introdueinga large influx of labourers to tbe West Indian colonics, they would be enabled to compete with siave-grown sugar iu the markets of Europe, end Government would be able to do away with tbe present prohibitory duties on foreign snjur that our exports ta the West Indies would be doubled, and tbe people of England would lie supplied with cheap sugar produced by the labour of freemen? That our West Indian colo nies are capable of supplying tbe home market with sugar there cannot be a doubt. Wi b a suf ficient supply of labour, Jamaica, British Guiana, aud Trinidad would produce more sugar than the present consumption of Europe amounts to, leaving out of sight Barbadoes, Antigua, and tbe oth r imsdier colonies. With all these important objects before him, Lord Stanlky is allowing the reccsi to pass away without propounding Buy measures for their accomplishment. ufls Mussulman governor for the Dm-Augsburg lazeile says, t'.u us temporary . .. , tri2. The Shehao family or that cf tbe old excluded. Tbia fe natural. As he uled ov - -c ha must still have Influence over that tribe r.,, ieettohi®, whuff, vould heed disterfram .. 2 governors are uider tbe nomination of the P i .. It is remarkable that the Fokty y ields ti. moment that ths difficulties about Servfe ar-Augsburg Gazette a ■ that thi French An M. OR Bourqubset, hs ded. ti that t King is not opposed to the protectorate over tl® Danubitn provinces.au. . euDseqm opposed to th# restoration of the Obreno B0UH8E-PARI#'Tkursda v, Dr. . tl ALP-FAST Tli av. .-The mar. • ' !' yesterday, wi'l ttke fair quantity i bisic Account tha Tlir i p • Cents, opvueti at , r ''. ■ , 79f' aud ck d at , t'tdoff oc- '' r lf Tbs Eire per Cent , op d at 11W.-VK, ... 1 lOf. 00 -., a rise ol be. Ear won ,y tl.o Hire l c. and tho Five pel Ckiii- . uglier. I w Belgian BankSbar have .'t varied, h per Cent , are i high. -, an New Five per day. Spanish Active ha 344 advanced to 24J-Fire n 5 mprov d advance-! to Y4£-Liwt pn tU£Q68 7 Fi9° pet Cfc Hoads are -6c. bitfbjr There has been Ihss of yesterday sad they rood deal done in Bank closed at 3f. Ttc . higher. fi per ecu M if is l roved J. i hiiVft lM,'lh litilW'iv ! es fJ-.ie i f . bri. Pr. 1.' Pi Cf Preach p ' Oests .. 4 pe. CenM..- ••• • D 8 per Cents . ' 7P Ufflttefe n j rs of Siezagra. Africa to f.ni.ievkk, our brav cc health of the President we i ' o uruuK mi ic a simple pe i experienced st cb' r ot Wc have received Lisbon news lo theffflib ult., j brought by the Montrose steamer. Nothing defini tive had been done respecting tbe tariff' queslii n, but it was expected to be decided in one way or tbe other, as far es the plenipotentiaries are concerned, in the course of a few days. The Suffren French hne-of-battle ship, Admiral. Gazy, commander, bad arrived at Lisbon, where tbe Freuch have also a corvette and a brig-of-war and it wasoaid that two other vessels were expected and there was a report, indeed, that a squadron under the command of an admiral was to be stationed at Lisbon for some time. The Spanish Government has finally, it would Rot up ia hi turn, appear, resolved upon claiming the delivery up of rutitnn,' which he the Gloria, alias Grande Antiila, on the novel Thb' Cw r.' Tbr ITT.-Tkc #t ro~ land was oit Saturday affixed to thedresty . l. lietween thi cauniry and China, h, e r, ton' Lorij Chancellor, in Great jco ge-atrevt, square, aiti-r whii-h it was trsr.-roi'toi to die IV for the purpose of bang forwtrded to the Celt ,' • pire, under the care of Major M alcolm Th , ,, , . . inclosed in a very handsome ailv box simila. It would rather seem that a veas i navigate usei i for th oat,.nt of bis ito-yul iiigbaeos tbo Pi without regular pipers, having a Spanish cr. r, and ! Wai.es , and, t ycher with u. important i u sailioK under Portuguese colours in opposition to i whi.-h it appt. to inclosed to an dag '-c ■ n - - - - -• • - t. t ti-e seal itself, it i 1 ee Portuguese laws, professiug to b bound on a peace-ful voyage to tbe ooaet of Africa for ivory and palm oil, but found at. Mosarobiqne to Lave a crew of 70 men armed to the teelh, carrying C pieces of artillery, besides a long 24-pound snivel gun, anti bavin ou board all the appaiatus of fetters, cauldron , and other accompaiiiments of a slaver -. , , • .. r , , , l. y nev Sues Hotel and transit warehou. it would rathar seem that a vessel capturctl under r , r0 silljri uinbt, of iauo i with crimson i no trace of the h wUt exist whe.i t of the yielding n , posed ■ indeed, ■ that d irinff tha i i land am Is ndon tut design Extract ot a letter fro ipres ,.n ot Mr. N von' bt-.u ii- cas- reaches it., dsetinat . tore of the unterial fwhi l former o-'ca. ions, irhas be... mparatively hcrt jccrnvjb-m Suez, dated di curing an immediate supply of labour to the West India colonies, not only have no steps been taken by Lord Stanlky to carry into effect the recommenda tion of the two committees, but up to the 2.1th October tbe West Indian body were without any communication from the Colonial Minister regarding tha intentions of her MijKSTr'g Government. Or the 20th of Opto her 8 meeting of merchants con nected with the VVpst Indies was held in the City, when a leries of resolutions were parsed, calling upon Government to adopt measure to carry into effect the recommendations and suggestions of th# two committees. The sentiments of the meeting may be gathered from tbe Ctb and 7'h resolution# -9th. That tbe delay of her .Majesty's Government ur adopting any sucb measures is tele with peculiar severity ut this period, as it not only pare lyres the hopes formed of relief from the iccamulatod distress and loss of previous year , bat precludes the possibility of those interests iu tbo colonies obtaining assistance which is Indispensably necessary for tiie cultivation of estates, and threatens the destruction of that commercial support from the mother country, without which it is impossible for the trade of the colonies to be upheld. 7th. That tbia meeting, therefore, feels imperatively coiled an to impress in the most strenuous manner upon her Majesty's government, the necessity of following up, with out lurther delay, the suggestions contained in the report of tbe two committees, by adopting an effectual aud imme diate plan of Immigration into th colonies, together with snnh other meaeurer to restore oomm-rcial confidence as may, if possible, avert the threatened min of this most im portant branch of trad to the British empire, restore the prosperity of the West India colonies, and consummate the success of the great work of emancipation. A memorial foanded on these resolution# was drawn up and iran#m.tted, together with th# reso lution , to Lord Stanley and the other members of the Cabinet. On tha tub of November a depu tation of the West Indian agent# and merchants waited on Lord Standby j at this interview the deputation wa# reoue ted by his lordahlp to furnfeh him with a detailed statement of their view# respect ing immigration under Government superintendent #. On tha 13tb November a scheme ol immigration wa# submitted to Lord Standby, and on the 13th De cember Mr. Secretary Hope acknowledged tbe re ceipt of the document, and in hi# communication be stetee '-11 1 am directed by Lord STANLar to state that, although ha cannot entertain the application as regards the steam vessel, on account of tha very heavy expense which, ac cording to his present Information, would be incurred, he is prepared to assent to the general plau tor carrying ou such immigration by mean of vessels to be hired by Qovenmient, and having on board a Government agent, aa in the case of transport it being, however, clearly understood that the entire expensi! of such vereeis mas' be defrayed by tb colonies to wbtdi b y run. Although Ijwd StaNPTT ' such circumstance ought to be considered as i pirate, and instead of pleading the irregularity of the papers as a ground for impunity, ought to suffer sou'e addi tional penalties beyond those to which her owners would nave been liable, if, isatead of hoisting false colour , they had in 8 more open and daring way braved the risks of their piratical speculation under their own national flag. The Portuguese Government was carrying re trenchment into all the branches of the expenditure to a greater or less extent. Tbe Queen had again given up fifty contoa of her income, and Ihe Kino Consort forty contos, to meet the exigencies of ths Treasury. A statement had been published of the actual situ ation of tbe Lisbon Fishery Company, by which it was shown that during the seven years of its exist ence it had lost 70 per cent, of its capital, notw ith standing the high duties put on foreign salt fish for its protection. The Opposition journals had spread a report that a French loan of 1,000 contos was on the taj Is which, however, had been strotgly denied by the ministerial press. The Government had concluded an arrangement with the Tobacco Contract arid Confiar.ga Company, by which the decima and other imposts pledged to route companies for the balance# due to them on account of former advances to the Government, would be set free, the Conhar fj companies receiving Treasury bills, and tbe Tobacco contractors bills admissible at tbe Cnttcm-bouse for the tobacco duties, flee., for the amount of their balances. ■ We have received our French express of Thursday and Friday. The paper are occupied with the nre i-sage of the President of the United States. The way in which that document speaks of the Eight of Search, and of the negotiation touching it with Lord Ashburton, puts, every word of it, a weapon into the bunds of the French opposition. The Fresident, indeed, speaks to France on this subject, with a Go and do thou likewise' tone of advice, and thus tally display# the spirit in which the Government of Washington negotiated wi h Lord Ashburton, and in which tliut diplomatist chimed. We cannot but regret to find Lord Ashburton's eo-negociatore thus throw siBrious obstacles in the way of M. Guizot's keeping faith and peace with England. VV e had understood that the buccaneering conduct and arguments of General Cass in Paris had not been altogether approved of by bis Government, and we will do the King of the French the justice to say that be did not approve of them. But President Tyler now comes forth with an approval of General Cass's conduct, and acts upon it himself, doing his utmost to incite tbe French to a breach of their treaties with it . We must say, that we did not expect sucb a result aa this a the immediate consequence of Lord Ashburton's treaty of peace out of thi treaty both French and Americans derive arms for combating every effectual mode of putting down the slave trade, We know not how far Lord Ashburton bas im mortalised himseJf. But he certainly ha# done more than any man living to immortalise the slave-trade. The National of Thursday has an article on the deficit in French finances. It state# The estimated expense of the Budget of 1843 are 1 1 8ft2 1 0b0,000fi The estimated l.tibl.ooojooo Dsflclt foremen TlfiOOfiOOC. General Boat Aim's expenses ere much greeter than foreseen. What with building eteamtw, dota tion to railroad#, tbe export ie . independent of the extra hurrying of tbs fortifications, cannot be less then 1,400,000,000. That i.,'2,000,000 .terling more than was foreseen, leaving a deficit of 6,000,OoO sterling. The National estimate# the deficit at 4,000,000 sterling. It is little wonder with these prospects, and the necessity of disposing of another third of the 460,000,000 loan, that M. Lacavb Laplagnh should announce bis wi-h to resign, and withdraw from the difficulties of the Finance Mi-nistry. The AustrianObstrver corediorate the news, that the Porte bad yielded on the Syrian question to the demands of England and Auttrie, so far es the no bs minatforj of a Obrietiw gover-or tar the Marotiites, ployt.t. lt rti. i ly utio'vs Mbhkmrt All s ti. #u ittfeent,bsiiueptu edont very exttasiv in my opinion, rase', too larg- for lie profcab ment of rravslleai or trsfl'K at tiii place. The legraplisbetween this and ' rc a..-o wi-il ad' r Falmouth, Dec. 31.-The Montros. arrived here this aftemrou, bridging dote a Gibraltar, December 22. Cadiz 2t , ,bon 20, '' ana Vigo 28, with the Moira iuterine t are mail. Covert-Garden Thkairb.-'The u i T mime has continued an attractive ears '. • to be brougLt out next Friday, end La Dm i do immediate v aflt.rwi.rds. W a perceive that both i' u and Dupes' nre engaged. Thf. Failcrr op the Yorkshire B meeting of '.he iht tti.clders of tb Yorkabire A ani 'otna. rcial Pink wa held ui the M-rob York, on Thursday Mr. Blanchard, tb choir tered into a long rtafrmeut. Tv appeared ti,ai t of the original oipit had been lost, and that f ti of tbe bank amounted to upward of F179, M t . very stormy nwjmg, during ,ich ee .at of ti holders deflated they hi d embarked the who fortunes in the company, end chat they were no' ' wa, resolved that u cat of £1 tier share, in .■ t ths two calls ic £11 ach lately granted, should the purpose O'-O ctir.g the deficiency, and ih-fr t the eompaay should ,e wound .ip as soon a pot greatestdntress prevail in tenacity and neigntjou.' the subject. We find that, besides the loss ol capital oi the bauk, there will be a icfiofow VM!.000 V there dm 35,000 shares ii.isharehc .• h,r will he -cuiareu to pay the deficit. We ? tli - original paid-up capital of the bauk was J which tl ol.ty i had been added nines, making £211,000. Tr whole of thi fas been lost. T errors were committed at the very outset. Ti tooK tt ■ timin'. of the .Yortheru aud Oatn L -d , paid them £0,000 for tbe goo.i-vi l account to tho amount of £83,000, for wiiic down Bauk oi England not and on which £r has been a lot of about £40,000 ! W , ed i blenders ot every rind might be . t . - tea fro who could make such a bargain iu orerice ' whose account they took. There'.eight nev been a dividend declared all tta iividerd ha-out of capital. it Is a painful f, ati.i of tbe ca . of the shareholder aio widow mi person of , who, tempted by the succtvv of two o' rbai invested their all ia this under.-king, i., Uav-thlng.-Aereb Merer-, at Sqturd y. The latr Murder at Spernall.-one of tlio cu'Cii'T for theccap'y of Warwick Stndley onTuerdav , and proceed' - to hold a the b dy of the unfortunate Tilsley ot tho Me Bead Ion. A jury of twenty-four -hlv i cp vidtials a niuniiioucd, aud elect,d Thooie of Moretoii Baggott, a foreman ifter oeim they proceeded with the coroner to view the wa laid in e woo,l hovel near the muse ot A', t ecu. Tbo head prevented a king pect#c, vered with brains and biota, 'he t ain pro' tht wound in tbe front as .u it at the I head. At tbe conclusion of ice the. which we h#vr fully ajtir.pii ,d i our rt v count , theftoroner briefly surntr ' ' y, sod th .'• a short consultation, returned a verdlr of V- I agbinst 1 me Crowley ana the . roner issued the acresoury authority for die a webe muideu r. The coroner also et'rto , his . writingto 8ir James Graham, s .wv of ? ■ Home Department, for the pu -! oJi i . operation of cuverofiitct, and . .ferofa rev litate tho ad of justice. The pro • mg bet ncrexcited considerable iu' rest u.auyof ■ ■ n, clergy and g-ntry w. re in t in gast-rocn s ticular attention to the evWcnco prod'- iip.nti b c o 'Ciision. Ml the approaches, to the ecer. plorable tragedy were lined with i irties anxioi glance at th® mangled remains of th ' uolortunat. and obtain a view of tbo rt' 1 ' 'round v c. appalling event has thrown .ueiat.m painful on interest. Much sympathy . ! ' for the wift and orpi n. ' i fcildrtn ol poor '.n Crowley, the murderer, is 29 ear of eg , and stoot and wsll-proport ivd. l • victim, was ibont tweniy-t ' V ' same rise, but it is considered J K '-match for hi .'ssa sin 'a. e enen • • The body oi n or Tilsley, site! ro his father's house at lembeunt, sC' from Spurns'l sad on Muitutuisy y. churchyard c r CoughtoP. near A ' • '• ws cannot cuuclno our psinfui a uouiicomsiit of tbe a prehsnrion oi We ax Ida ' on be adj-basis o be C rts u pr mast, diminii the ex purlin The the p duties work form 10o
[OCR_aligned] m THE MO RUING CHRONICLE MONDAY, JANUARY 2. sPAjy, _madridTd c. at s STMJlft ,u#a joon l of Madrid, aided so sal-raries ot ParU, are attacking the the twfljbafdmeat of Barce-■KwfiiCtory ,to into hat the people of Spain @f the matter. Iu.gi'lug some iusight into Of national Jesting up0 ft this subject, I may jasr t •-'on-d wki ° u ' m w man -• •t ' find a ready echo iu foreip ft jauruol chiefly de-T a MEETING ! ro n rrtAmg in 81ft instant h aid it a REPEAL oft i niMtlnir do now rt or to adJ to iu Qum _ J W tbe corn and provision law , and all otbar monopolies@ Tho follow ni are among tbe uohlrmen and MtkaMi wuo htTO already b@ mhc members of th@ofen@ al committee @The @@@@Mof Eadnot. John Cyileti, Esq. of MEMBERS of PARL1A-end Gvntlefnte r s'.imt In London, held nt the HOtiMi roJfrenooM, on tb am lo.Unt, fn nid of the Jpynl! nauoael lf it non mnklnn to procott n RKPHAL of ths CORJf-LAVS, II n re tees, ThsvthU nuntlne do new rewire itwn lnio n p-' th metropo-A Rntia now waklna to procure a REPEAL of tfcsOO • molted, Thai t@@M meeting do new reeohi .. - commlitof with power to add to i@u numbera lor- I -Ilian baroujrhe, in order to promote free trade by T@n ataMlon of Lord Ktonalrd. Lord Bdw. Kune!'., M.P. t r- Admiral Hon. D.P.Bouver ! C ha Mm de ia • 'ryme, Kiq. Ta Arthim MiliUr 'te ectlug ' ST By, moveuuntu end appointments in lu ccneec uwlfia i ,M reported hi Barcalou . rtWptioT rewired there or the IrtTliTSS lh _,■ InValflncis. In htWgoaJrThk Mtd would retwm to Madrid bcorrect the falsehood. M, CiRBV, ex-president of the revolutionary Junta of Barcelona, ha@ addressed a letter to t@l Marseilles Semaphore, in which h@ denies having ever been a paymaster of a Corps Franc. As we sccnsed him, on the credit of a Barcelona letter, of having filled this office during the war, when four millions of reals were embezzled, wo give @t length M. Cause's@ contradiction -@I am accused of being possessed of 100,000 francs rentes, the produce of a double robbery. The first committed as paymaster of a corps the second' as President of the Junta, I never@was the pay-@master of a corps. As to the Junta, it never re-@ceived more than about 280, XX francs from the funds of the Provincial Deputation a sum small in proportion to ths necessities of a great city, especially at such a moment, when excesses, pro-@cceding from the destitution of the poor, were to be prevented. The Junta paid twenty-live sous a day to its National Guards, and to many officers of the army. Where, then, is the robbery ? We will give M. Carsv full credit for his denial of having ever been paymaster of a corps. With respect to the fuuds taken from the treasury in Barcelona@ the Spanish authorities will themselves reply. A close inquiry has been made into all facts' and they will come forth in the debates of the Cortes. M. Carsv gives another account of the rescue of the thirty prisoners. All the official defences of M. T.rssbps confess that these prisoners were taken from a French boat belonging to the Meleagre, and under the French flag. It was the duty of M. L@rsbsps to claim and see them liberated. The following is the way in which M. Carsy tells us they were liberated -@Let the English press know, writes tha ex-@president of the Junta, Cabsv, that these persons were taken out of our hands by a e,baritable snb-@terfuge of the Consul. The repr@mentativc of France presented'himself before the Junta, and asked would 1 oppose the going away of a JPrench family, to which he had given passports. It was the first visit I received from him. I did not hesitate to satisfy him and the family in question were about to embark, when I learned that they were the Ladies Van Halkn, with General Chacon. 1 would not go back from my word. The Consul, in his humanity, thuX deprived ue of pre-@cions political hostages, the keeping of whom might have prevented the bombardment. This account is totally ditlerent from the official account given by M. Lessjsps himself to the French Government, aud published by it in an English Tory paper. M. I.RSSRrs says, tha@ on learning that a gr.mp.of women and children belonging to the families of the Captain General and General Zaiiala bad been carried off by the militiu at the moment they were about to embark on board the Meleagre. This account blinks the material point, admitted by the Debate, and avprred by Ge@ nerals Van Halbn and Pastob, that they were taken out of ft boat under tbe French flag, a boat belonging to the French vessel of war. M. Lassai's says, he flew to the President of tbe Junta, and energetically insisted tbst tho persons should be given up. M. Carsv's account is very different and either he or M. Lrsseps make a statement completely false. Indeed it is very remarkable bow none of these people tell the same story. General Pastor relates tho surrender of the Atarazanas in a way utterly contradictory of M. Lrsskps whilst M. Carsy tells the story of the embarkation of the ladies altogether different also from the narrative of the French Consul. Wherever we are to look to for truth, we certainly cannot expect it from that side, of which tbe very actors and partizans so egre-@grioosly contradict each other. ration tb reertl detail which of. thi plan, hft. to hot ' any thing of thitvirt'-euch was tholrown ex rroesinn.- bJf'nMssftry to the working v.. - - - . zxh T ?' M f !saw £3® Hff-jaresw't and fathers of families had Indie, by th- next packet a very lii SorrMAViTON, January 1.-The Oriental and Peninsal'u Company'ireteanl-ghlp, th@ Oriental, sailed Iron thi@ port at eight o'clock thto morning, with @Ixty-flv first class pfts enpers aad will call at faimouth for the Malta In thednulma re. oat of the moon, and on the'' glad water of the dark blue uca. ' fe morrow- Woman' Lovo, Bla k W@kUker@ aod Billy Taylor. t-if~ Th@ publication of The Morning Chronicle fintohsd on Saturday morning at Eight o'clock and Fu ll 'tpnil . The Montrose, one of tbe regular Penin-Ktdak packets, rrivad here thto nioraing-. She sailed from ratotdtar ou the 'Z#d of December, 'Vella irtd, Ldeboa @eth, I Oporto 27th. and Vig# 28th. .V Lisbon she took in a lull nariro ot fruit, and at Vljo twelve oxen. The Moniro e brink's home twelve passengers. Sailed yesterday, tie @team-pt.-ke@ Iberia, for Gibraltar. Lisbon, fie. The Hoyc i tv .st India Matt Packet Compaay's.'Jeam-ship, th@ Trident, arrived thto moraiuq' from London, and will sail from this rmrt to-morrow, calling at Talmooth,' to take the Wet ■ - bo 4qh. Tho Trident carrie@ out 400 bottles nnd thtrfy-soves passengers. The next Went India mail 8u4, is tit Thames, uml she is expected to arrive I EARLY EDITION.? THE MORE US 1 CHRONICLE. LON DON MOb DA V, JANUARY 2, 1843. on Saturday neit ■■ WinhbvR-Mrlancholv ano Fatal Aqti-nkHT -On Friday a very dreadftii accident occurred, al the jnalthpuse at Upton, beloiq,-ins to, M-oSrt. Jennings, the brewerlk of Windsor, bv which one onfortunate man w i' killed on the spot, and two others much Injured. The ma@ haute conFtot@ of three stories, thi two lower of which are the working floors, and the upper was used for storing q UM tity of which was placet! there. There Si at work In tbe house, and happening to per-'th beam ef the upper floor slightly giving .removed the malt from that parti to the of the flooring, which time became overe occi sioned the subseqnent accident. They @@@@lived some barley trickling down from tbe .floor to So @lory, beneath- on which one,of them re@ turned to th@ room'to stop up the hole or crevice, whsa the whole of th flooring of that story fell into the room ' Kunesth. whleh wus also broken away, and the whole fell to ory, carrylug tbe tpen with them in the Assistance wa@ sptadi.y procured, and ths ! re dxtrfoated as soon as possible, when it wa , rftbens, named Robinson,@wa@ killed on the @@en drerdfufly fractured qa the head. A ' ' the maltster, was found to have re-lojnries,Internally aud externally oflgfogs, where he now Ue _ .Kqvery. The third man wa vert but not diuurero'wly and the fourth with slight bruise.- ttWrer Em severely Dog. Of Nxwoabtii AND. Hi Own AftAIR # 5l diotea on the occMfon of the extensive tmjlof'ir# v month? cmrk, another porcicn ol our s V' moot part mfirtMiii • ff v month? to, to say itethlnz ol rfd aese-'Sed such enoriami iSae tuonution 'vuinetth JhrifoL WlkrO-v 4 i mwbbs ethers, who bad clai .iCfcaatoieing tItem'll8 totoWw not geic Wq a-'•'VBrjj Mfeapi Dfo imj Mlnistors evidently fee! tha difficulty in which they are placed by that clause of the Ashburton capitulation to which we called ft Mention on Thurs@ day , and their affectation of making Ifght of it only betray@ the more glaringly their sens# of uneasiness. Lord Abarbkxn may rely upon it that it will re@ quire something more tbau the confident assevera@ tions of bto newspapers to convince tha public that this treaty has not, instead of consolidating peace between England and America, thrown new and serious obstacles in the way of its being maintained@ Look, for example at this subject of the right of visit. The Government organ tells us that last year this question threatened to Embroil us with tbe United States. And no doabt it did. It is impossible to read t@b correspondence that t#ok place lietween the representatives of the two Go@ vernments without being convinced that an early 1 clear, and deiinito adjustment of the question was essential to a good understanding between the two countries. It was one of the questions, the settle@ ment of which was looked for as amongst the happiest results of Lord Ashburton's mision. Next to ths boundary question, it was the one most likely to involve the two countries in a misunder@ standing. Now, in what state did Lord Ashburton find this question ? and in what state did he leave it 1 England claimed as she still claims , a right to ascertain by visit the real nationality of merchant i vessels mat with on the high seas. Tbe exercise of such a right tbr American Government said was hevrp iBcI de in maritime law, and towards vessels oi their nation should not be put in force. The exercise oi such p right, replied Lord Ab rdxnn ha been the invariable practice of tbe Britivb .navy. So it sltali continuo, and in conformity wifb it orders to put it in fores are issued from the Not one of the Freneh journals even alhids to the existence of the letter of General Pastor, which filled three columns of the Madrid papers, and which proved the full participation of the French Consul, M. Lasssrs, in the surrender of the Atarazanas. Though pass@ ing altogether in silence a document so interesting j the DSbats answers an accusation which it attributes to us. and which we did not make. It triumphantly states that the Spanish Consul at Bayonne has been removed for giving Colonel Pbim @@pa -port. We did not complain of the Freneh authorities oF@Bayonne. We complained of those Of Perpignan, who arrested Colonel Prim, as bearer of a false passport, but who instantly set him free, when he confessed, that as an enemy of the Spanish Regent and Govern -ment, he had been obliged to take a passport under a false name. We have related Colonel Prim's efforts@ to get to Barcelona, and his sucress in getting to Figueras too late for serious mischief, though not too late to cause a littla insurrection, and to force the chief inhabitants of that town to go now into exile. 'Since thkt time the French telegraph an@ nounced that TRrradas kept up hts band in tbe Lampourdau, and that Colonel Prim had gone to raise' the Campo di Tarragona. On tbe contrary, Trrradas has been driven ont of the Lampourdsn into France hnd Colonel Prim, instead of going to Tarragona, has also taken refuge with bis Freuch friends fn Perpignan. Our letters state, that the number of Spanish refugees on the frontier are great that they are not merely the refugees of the late insurrection, but old Carlist partizans, who hed been summoned, and who bad come from distant depots. This menacing state of things on the fron@ tier, which the French Home office and its police purposely keep up, obliges tbe Rbcibnt, at this moment, to keep 50, WO men in Catalonia, and to be bimself continually on the watch. . In Barcelona itself every means are tried to keep up the spirit of revolt. The Carlo-Jovellenist Club has influence enough to prevent the re-opening of the manufactories. The Constilutionnel@ot the -22d ult. exclaims, on learning the promotion of@Lxssxps, to be officer of the Legion of Honour -@What a scandal@! We have proved be-@yond the possibility of contradiction the con-@nivance of M. Lksssps with the insurgents, Louie Philippi rewards thi@ connivance, and therefore approves of it. How disgraceful and ignominious must the reward be, that has been gained by ths provocation of disorders, and the • spilling of the blood of both soldiers and patriots@! The Constitutionnel adds- That it knows posi-@tfrely, that several Frenchmen fired on the Quren's troops, and. that it could name one who boasted of having killed an officer, The officers of th@ citadel of Montjaich have de@ @dared, that before ami during the bombardment •heje were uo English t fifteen nor Congreve rockets in ithe fortress thus contradicting the stupid calumnies of the Affanerr dos. We have received @@printed letter from Bsrce We have copied from tbe Aylesbury News u Second Letter from Lord Nugent to the Rev. John Harrison, on the Condition of the Agri@ cultural Labourers. It is eminently. deserving of the attention of tbe landowners Of England. His lordship declined in his former Je@Mcr to specify misconduct towards the poor in particular parishes. but on the present occasion he has deemed it ad@ visable to give instances -@8om ! wretoUed man, ha says, 11 I fell in with a few day@ ago. I questioned them. I beard their statement. I inquired Into its truth. It has been confirmed to me. They were from the parish of Waddesdeu. In a note it to etated This parish belongs to the Duke of MARMiORoboH, a nen-resident landlord. ! In that parish a great portion of the labouring poor are without employ, and therefore without means of sub@ sistence. Those who are employed tteording to the iniqui@ tous and ruinous system of Ktiges apportioned to the extent qf families, and receive for norh, sender the name of wages, eight shillings a meek to men with families, and to sjnolb men i our sHiALrNos the latter allowance being less than one-half of wkat I have shown to be neces@ sary tor proper subsistence, Here let ur pause. Wbat is the ns@ of the Somer@ set-house commissioners and assistant-commis@ sioners, bee., if the aliowauca systeiu exists ia ei great vigour as ever ? Eight shillings for a man with a family, and four shillings to single men ! The principle of the new Poor-law was tbe separa@ tion of independent labour from pauperism. No distinction wa@ to be any latiger recognised between labourers with families and single men. If the single man perforip? the same labour as a man with a family, bis wage@ ought to be the same. But in the agricultural districts we find part of the family oi the married man maintained by the single man.' The New Poor-law has broken down. 1 have lately, continue@ bto lordship, returned from p eeing a fortnight in Li ice# tern hire. T found the general rate of agricultural wages there to be 12 . a week in many instances 13 . iu some higher varying according to the quality of the labour. And these coals, a large and most necessary item in the expenses of liie, are sold at the rate of I2j. the ton at the labourer'@ door. Hare the labourer cannot buy them at a less rate than 20 . at tbe wharf, or in hi@ own village, at th@ retail dealer's, at a less rate than from 27s. to 30s. th@ ton. If wages follow the prices of necessaries, how hap@ pens it that in those counties of England where neces@ saries are dearest, wages are lowest ? Wc also insert a letter we have received from a reporter cf the Anti-Corn-law League, on the con@ dition of the labourers on tbe estate of Mr. Banbrs -that gentleman who, at the Blandford dinner, was so tremblingly alive to the welfare of thn labourers. The description of tbe misery of the poor creatures is quite heart-rending. What asto@ nishes us, is, that in distrioti where such wretched@ nese prevails among the labourers, landowners should dare to open their mouths on such a subject-@When wage , says this reportor to th@ League. •• were higher last year by on@ or two shillings a week than this year, your kfoonrere in their miserpble hovel , which nave neither ' tight roofs' nor ' tiffin door ,' nor tig-fit anything, but tight rent@ n T pinching htrngtr@to dtotingntoh them, in those hovel@ your labourers were@w@fwbut fire , save when cooking their scanty meal@ and title year, when coals are still a@ dear, von talk of the warm hearth@ of tho labourer, and lito cheerful society, a@ things to be preserved by keeping off th@ @evil day.' . , . I have oeau your labouring people In full' employment without a change of clothes. 1 have seen tbe merest rem@ nant@ ol blanket rag@ to cover a family ef@aix childrelTwith their hard- orkiug father and mother. T have @own hard working mi u on your property who declared to in they did not taste bn toner's meat for six months that potatoes and lard, tbe latter In small quantity, and greens, and u oa wiui wiwd, mother , our estate, who all told me that during the recent years of high-pri@ed provisions they had not been able to buy, save clothe . Several of the article of dress for three years, so low their wages. This is really a frightful state of th@mgs. But poor and trampled on as tho agricultur@e labourers of England arc, and low as the landowners deem gf them, to judge from the disgusting flum@ mery spoken at them, we conceive there is more danger in that quarter than the fords of the soil are aware of. Protection is as good an argument in the mouth of the tabourer as in that of the @hmd-@owner. The Tory landlords are bringing an old house about their ears. Wbat Lord Nugbnt says on this point Will be said by others@@ If, say@ his lordship, the occupier of land claim, a@ a right, protection for the va@in of hi.- produce-if the lainl-@lord c@hum as a right protec.tion for the value oi his laud, the value of which must be measured by tbe value of hi@ produce, the labourer ha@ an equal right, he has a much higher right, to protection for the value of @At produce, hi@ labour, becuusi he ha@ uo capital to stand out for price during ita fluctuation . He ia day by diiy @ac pendent on market , which, under the present vicious system, destroy him, impoverish the former, and against which only the command of capital can enable any man whose fortunes depend on the value of agricultural produce to wait upon tbe fluctuations of what seasons may affect, but law has rendered ruinously precarious. If then he who rente land, or he who iets it, claim protective laws for his produce, bat at th# same tiuio claim that labour, which gives value to his property, shall remain unprotected, and dependent on his demand for it, this is to require, under tho name and sanction of law, tlie power of committing open and unmitigated robbery-a power to demand a protected aud arbitrary price, auhject only to his own wants for that labour by which those prov isions are produced. ' The advocates of protection leave ont tbe la@ bourer, but they are p .f'tt a frightful weapon into his hands. The Scripture says, accursed is he who deals with two measures. Lord Nugent says that even at the present price of provisions, feo single man in his neighbourhood can main@ tain himself in health and strength upon less than 8s. 3Jd. weekly and no married man, with an average family of three children and their mother, upon less than 14 . 611. a weak, ex@ clusive ef harvest wages. Tbe argument for protec@ tion embraces all these people and the conclusion will be drawn from the premises. They who take upon them the management of others, incur a fearful responsibility. Free trade is one thing, and protec@ tion is another but when protection extends to all, it is very different from protection to a privileged class. We warn the isndowners, that the advocates of pro@ tection are raising questions pregnant with fearful consequences. __________ Though we have'always protested against the in@ justice to the people of England ot the system by which the price of colonial produce is so much en@ hanced, we have, at the same time, contended that Government ought, in fairness to tbe owner@ of estates in our colonies, to give them every facility for obtaining the labour by which alone they can compete advantageously with the owners of slaves. IVe hear great complaints of Lord Stanley by those who are interested in the prosperity of the West Indies. The planters say that bo has not done bis duty to them-that he has not applied himrelf as he ought to the giving effect to the recommendations of Parliamentary committees, by taking the necessary steps for facilitating the immigration into our colo@ nies of labourers from Africa. The select committee ou West India colonies sub@ mitted to the House of Commons on the 25th ol July, certain resolutions containing suggestions, the result of evidence taken before it thase resolutions sho w that the act of emancipating the sieves has been productive of the greatest advantage to the negro population that their character and condition have been greatly improved that many of tbe former slaves have been enabled to purchase land, and to acquire wealth without labouring more than three or four days jb a week, and from five to seven fo urs in a day. The committee report that simultaneously with this amendment in the condition of the negroes there occurred a very great diminution in the staple productions of tho West Indies to such an extent as to have caused serious, and, in some cases, ruinous injury to tbe proprie@ tors of estates. The distress in Jamaica, British Guiana, and Trinidad has been so great, ns to have caused many estates, hitherto pros@ perous and productive, to lie cultivated for the last two or three years at a considerable loss, and others to be abandoned-that the causes of this diminished production and consequent loss, are the great diffi culty which has been experienced by the planters iu obtaining steady and continuous labour, and tht high rate of remuneration which they give for such broken and indifferent as work they are able to procure. The remedies proposed by the committee to check the increasing depreciation of West India property are set forth in the lltb, 12tb, and 13tb, re@ solutions which accompany its report. lltb. That one obvious and must desirable inode ol endeavouring to compensate for thto diminished supply ol labour, to to promote the immigration of a fresh labour@ ing population, to such an extent ae to create competition for employment. i'ith. That, for tbe better attainment of that object, ns well as to secure the full rights and comforts of tbe immi@ grants as freemen, it to desirable that such immigration should be conducted under the authority, inspection, and coutrol of responsible public officer . 13th. Thatit@@toaiso a serious question whether it to not required by a due regard to the just rights end interest@ of the West India proprietors, and tbe ultimate weiiare of the negroes themselves, more especially iti consideration of the large addition to the labouring population, which it is hoped may soon @be effected by immigration, ihat the laws which regulate the relations lietween employers and la@ bourers in the diff erent colonies shouid undergo early and carefnl revision by their re spective legislatures. The select committee on the west coast of Africa, in its report dated the 5th of August, has the follow@ ing remarkable passages -@We need hardly add more to prove that it would be well for the African In every point of view, to find himself a free labourer in @he free British West India Colonies, enjoying, then, as he would, higher advantages of every kind, than have ialien to Iho lot of the negro race iu any ether portion of tbe globe. Again, tbe committee states-@Your committee cannot but strongly urge upon Parlia@ ment not only not to prohibit the emigration ot tree blacks from our@ African settlemnnts to our West India colonies, but to encourage and promote it bytlie authority ol Govern@ ment, under the sanction and regulation@ above suggested, or such other as further consideration may supply. Here we find two committees of the House cl Commons, in the months of July and August, re@ commending immigration as a means of improving the African, and of preventing further depreciation of West India property. It will hardly be credited that, notwithstanding the pressing necessity of j .. M ftiftifetlra. in which any part of ibU plan canb#brewg ttato operation, Wd Stanley desuM me to@add, that he @emmbt undertake to arrang@ for thste@ta@ bli huieut #f a vessel to ran to any re.lony ua il hrr MA which may ensue trot,, rendering T X i , S, Hxuense. Subject to thto condition, he wi@n take tiis earliest opportunity ot bringing the plan into ope-@r@@i@@@ On the 17th of December the merchants inte@ rested in British Guiana gave the required guarantee for that colony, which guarantee was stated to @e satisfactory, and that immediate measures would he taken to send a vessel to Sierra Leone. It @s be-@lieyed that the merchant@ interested in Jamaica anti Trinidad are prepared to give similar guar wives. Here, then, we find in tbe month ot August, two committees of the House of Commons recommend@ ing immigration as ft means of saving West India property from farther depreciation and in tbe month of October a meeting ot West India merchants, pressing on her Majssxy'b Government the ne@ cessity of adopting the suggestions of the com@ mittees to avert the threatened ru@m of the West India colonits, subsequently furnishing the Colo@ nial Minister with a detailed plan of immigra@ tion and yet up to this day no vessel bas been hired for the purpose of carrying African labourers to the West Indies. It will be hand@y credited that the minister who introduced the great treasure of emancipation, and conducted it with inch ability through all its stages in the House of Com-@mops, in the year 1833, is the same Minister wbo preside@ over the colonial department at present. Yet, Lord Stanley held tbe seals for tho colonial department in 1833, and does ao now. ,V states@ man's character is so much involved in the ul@umato success of that great measure as that ot Lord tan-Kffv ' ' reugtds KintutAfnl. ua. - . j fins been attended by raiDO 1 ! ws- a to law. proprietory body. We also see ifrat mean@ have been pointed out not only to pre@ vent the further depreciation of property @m the West Indies, but to improve the condi. on ot the African, Notwithstanding all this, the noble loro at the head of the Colonial Department has not taken any efficient measure@ for the aecomp'ish-@ment of the objects so loudly called for by pressing necessity. By tbe adoption of wise and energetic measures for promoting immigration to tbe West Indian Colonies, Government wotfld do more to put an end to tbe foreign rfave trade, than it is possible to do by treatiet, or the employment ot ship@ of@war on th@rcoast of Africa. H@u it escaped Lord Stanley's notice that by introdueing@a large influx of labourers to tbe West Indian colonics, they would be enabled to compete with siave-grown sugar iu the markets of Europe, end Government would be able to do away with tbe present prohibitory duties on foreign snjur that our exports ta the West Indies would be doubled, and tbe people of England would lie supplied with cheap sugar produced by the labour of freemen@? That our West Indian colo@ nies are capable of supplying tbe home market with sugar there cannot be a doubt. Wi b a suf ficient supply of labour, Jamaica, British Guiana, aud Trinidad would produce more sugar than the present consumption of Europe amounts to, leaving out of sight Barbadoes, Antigua, and tbe oth r imsdier colonies. With all these important objects before him, Lord Stanlky is allowing the reccsi to pass away without propounding Buy measures for their accomplishment. ufls Mussulman governor for the Dm-Augsburg lazeile says, t'.u us temporary . .. , tri@2. The Shehao family or that cf tbe old excluded. Tbia fe natural. As he @uled ov - -c ha must still have Influence over that tribe r.,, ieettohi®, whuff, vould heed disterfram .. 2 governors are uider tbe nomination of the P i .. It is remarkable that the Fokty y ields ti. moment that ths difficulties about Servfe ar-Augsburg Gazette @a ■ that thi French An M. OR Bourqubset, hs ded. ti that t King is not opposed to the protectorate over tl® Danubitn provinces.au. . euDseqm opposed to th# restoration of the Obreno B0UH8E-PARI#'Tkursda v, Dr. . tl ALP-FAST Tli av. .-The mar. • ' !' yesterday, wi@@'l ttke fair quantity @i bisic Account tha Tlir i p • Cents, opvueti at , r ''. ■ , 79f' aud ck d at , t'tdoff oc- '' r lf Tbs Eire per Cent , op d at 11W.-VK, ... 1 lOf. 00 -., a rise ol be. Ear won ,y tl.o Hire l c. and tho Five pel Ckiii- . uglier. I w Belgian Bank@Sbar@@ have .'t varied, h per Cent , are i high. -, an New Five per day. Spanish Active ha 344 advanced to 24J-Fire n 5 mprov d advance-! to Y4£-Liwt pn tU£Q68 7 Fi9° pet Cfc Hoads are -6c. bitfbjr There has been Ihss of yesterday sad they rood deal done in Bank closed at 3f. Ttc . higher. fi per ecu M if is l roved J. i hiiVft lM,'lh litilW'iv ! es fJ-.ie i f . bri. Pr. 1.' Pi Cf Preach p ' Oests .. 4 pe. CenM..- ••• • D 8 per Cents . ' 7P Ufflttefe n j rs of Siezagra. Africa to f.ni.ievkk, our brav cc health of the President we i ' o uruuK mi ic a simple pe i experienced st cb' r ot Wc have received Lisbon news lo theffflib ult., j brought by the Montrose steamer. Nothing defini@ tive had been done respecting tbe tariff' queslii n, but it was expected to be decided in one way or tbe other, as far es the plenipotentiaries are concerned, in the course of a few days. The Suffren French @hne-of-battle ship, Admiral. Gazy, commander, bad arrived at Lisbon, where tbe Freuch have also a corvette and a brig-of-war and it wasoaid that two other vessels were expected and there was a report, indeed, that a @@@@@@@squadron under the command of an admiral was to be stationed at Lisbon for some time. The Spanish Government has finally, it would Rot up ia hi turn, appear, resolved upon claiming the delivery up of rutitnn,' which he the Gloria, alias Grande Antiila, on the novel Thb' Cw r.' Tbr ITT.-Tkc #t ro~ land was oit Saturday affixed to thedresty . l. lietween thi cauniry and China, h, e r, ton' Lorij Chancellor, in Great jco ge-atrevt, square, aiti-r whii-h it was trsr.-roi'toi to die IV for the purpose of b@ang forwtrded to the Cel@@t ,' @@• pire, under the care of Major M alcolm Th , ,, , . . inclosed in a very handsome ailv@@ box simila. It would rather seem that a veas i navigate usei i for th oat,.nt of bis ito-yul iiigbaeos tbo Pi without regular pipers, having a Spanish cr. r, and ! Wai.es , and, t ycher with u. important i u sailioK under Portuguese colours in opposition to i whi.-h it appt. to inclosed to an dag '-c ■ n - - - - -• • - t. t ti-e seal itself, it i 1 ee Portuguese laws, professiug to b@ bound on a peace-@ful voyage to tbe ooaet of Africa for ivory and palm oil, but found at. Mosarobiqne to Lave a crew of 70 men armed to the teelh, carrying C pieces of artillery, besides a long 24-pound snivel gun, anti bavin@ ou board all the appaiatus of fetters, cauldron , and other accompaiiiments of a slaver -. , , • .. r , , , l. y nev Sues Hotel and transit warehou. it would rathar seem that a vessel capturctl under r , r0 silljri uinbt, of iauo i with crimson i no trace of the h wUt exist whe.i t of the yielding n , posed ■ indeed, ■ that d irinff tha i i land am Is ndon tut design Extract ot a letter fro ipres ,.n ot Mr. N von' bt-.u ii- cas- reaches it., dsetinat . tore of the unterial fwhi l former o-'ca. ions, irhas be... mparatively hcrt jccrnvjb-m Suez, dated di curing an immediate supply of labour to the West India colonies, not only have no steps been taken by Lord Stanlky to carry into effect the recommenda@ tion@ of the two committees, but up to the 2.1th October tbe West Indian body were without any communication from the Colonial Minister regarding tha intentions of her MijKSTr'g Government. Or the 20th of Opto her 8 meeting of merchants con@ nected with the VVpst Indies was held in the City, when a leries of resolutions were parsed, calling upon Government to adopt measure@ to carry into effect the recommendations and suggestions of th# two committees. The sentiments of the meeting may be gathered from tbe Ctb and 7'h resolution# -@9th. That tbe delay of her .Majesty's Government ur adopting any sucb measures is tele with peculiar severity ut this period, as it not only pare lyres the hopes formed of relief from the iccamulatod distress and loss of previous year , bat precludes the possibility of those interests iu tbo colonies obtaining assistance which is Indispensably necessary for tiie cultivation of estates, and threatens the destruction of that commercial support from the mother country, without which it is impossible for the trade of the colonies to be upheld. 7th. That tbia meeting, therefore, feels imperatively coiled an to impress in the most strenuous manner upon her Majesty's government, the necessity of following up, with@ out lurther delay, the suggestions contained in the report@ of tbe two committees, by adopting an effectual aud imme@ diate plan of Immigration into th@ colonies, together with snnh other meaeurer to restore oomm-rcial confidence@ as may, if possible, avert the threatened @min of this most im@ portant branch of trad@ to the British empire, restore the prosperity of the West India colonies, and consummate the success of the great work of emancipation. A memorial foanded on these resolution# was drawn up and iran#m.tted, together with th# reso@ lution , to Lord Stanley and the other members of the Cabinet. On tha tub of November a depu@ tation of the West Indian agent# and merchants waited on Lord Standby j at this interview the deputation wa# reoue ted by his lordahlp to furnfeh him with a detailed statement of their view# respect@ ing immigration under Government superintendent #. On tha 13tb November a scheme ol immigration wa# submitted to Lord Standby, and on the 13th De@ cember Mr. Secretary Hope acknowledged tbe re@ ceipt of the document, and in hi# communication be stetee '-11 1 am directed by Lord STANLar to state that, although ha cannot entertain the application as regards the steam vessel, on account of tha very heavy expense which, ac@ cording to his present Information, would be incurred, he is prepared to assent to the general plau tor carrying ou such immigration by mean@ of vessels to be hired by Qove@nmient, and having on board a Government agent, aa in the case of transport@ it being, however, clearly understood that the entire expensi! of such vereeis mas' be defrayed by t@b colonies to wbtdi @b y run. Although Ijwd StaNPTT ' such circumstance ought to be considered as i pirate, and instead of pleading the irregularity of the papers as a ground for impunity, ought to suffer sou'e addi@ tional penalties beyond those to which her owners would nave been liable, if, isatead of hoisting false colour , they had in 8 more open and daring way braved the risks of their piratical speculation under their own national flag. The Portuguese Government was carrying re@ trenchment into all the branches of the expenditure to a greater or less extent. Tbe Queen had again given up fifty contoa of her income, and Ihe Kino Consort forty contos, to meet the exigencies of ths Treasury. A statement had been published of the actual situ@ ation of tbe Lisbon Fishery Company, by which it was shown that during the seven years of its exist@ ence it had lost 70 per cent, of its capital, notw ith@ standing the high duties put on foreign salt fish for its protection. The Opposition journals had spread a report that a French loan of 1,000 contos was on the taj Is which, however, had been strotgly denied by the ministerial press. The Government had concluded an arrangement with the Tobacco Contract arid Confiar.ga Company, by which the decima and other imposts pledged to route companies for the balance# due to them on account of former advances to the Government, would be set free, the Conhar fj companies receiving Treasury bills, and tbe Tobacco contractors bills admissible at tbe Cnttcm-bouse for the tobacco duties, flee., for the amount of their balances. ■ We have received our French express of Thursday and Friday. The paper@ are occupied with the nre i-sage of the President of the United States. The way in which that document speaks of the Eight of Search, and of the negotiation@ touching it with Lord Ashburton, puts, every word of it, a weapon into the bunds of the French opposition. The Fresident, indeed, speaks to France on this subject, with a Go and do thou likewise' tone of advice, and thus tally display# the spirit in which the Government of Washington negotiated wi h Lord Ashburton, and in which tliut diplomatist chimed. We cannot but regret to find Lord Ashburton's eo-negociatore thus throw siBrious obstacles in the way of M. Guizot's keeping faith and peace with England. VV e had understood that the buccaneering conduct and arguments of General Cass in Paris had not been altogether approved of by bis Government, and we will do the King of the French the justice to say that @be did not approve of them. But President Tyler now comes forth with an approval of General Cass's conduct, and acts upon it himself, doing his utmost to incite tbe French to a breach of their treaties with it . We must say, that we did not expect sucb a result aa this a@ the immediate consequence of Lord Ashburton's treaty of peace out of thi@ treaty both French and Americans derive arms for combating every effectual mode of putting down the slave trade, We know not how far Lord Ashburton bas im@ mortalised himseJf. But he certainly ha# done more than any man living to immortalise the slave-@trade. The National of Thursday has an article on the deficit in French finances. It state# The estimated expense@ of the Budget of 1843 are 1 1 8ft2 1 0b0,000fi The estimated l.tibl.ooojooo Dsflclt foremen TlfiOOfiOOC. General Boat Aim's expenses ere much greeter than foreseen. What with building eteam@tw, dota@ tion to railroad#, tbe export ie . independent of the extra hurrying of tbs fortifications, cannot be less then 1,400,000,000. That i.,'2,000,000 .terling more than was foreseen, leaving a deficit of 6,000,OoO sterling. The National estimate# the deficit at 4,000,000 sterling. It is little wonder with these prospects, and the necessity of disposing of another third of the 460,000,000 loan, that M. Lacavb Laplagnh should announce bis wi-h to resign, and withdraw from the difficulties of the Finance Mi-@nistry. The Austrian@Obstrver corediorate@ the news, that the Porte bad yielded on the Syrian question to the demands of England and Auttrie, so far es the no bs minatforj of a Obrieti@w gover-or tar the Marotiites, ployt.t. lt rti. i ly utio'vs Mbhkmrt All s ti. #u ittfeent,bsiiueptu edont very exttasiv in my opinion, rase', too larg- for lie profcab ment of rravslleai or trsfl'K at tiii place. The legraplisbetween this and ' rc a..-o wi-il ad' r Falmouth, Dec. 31.-The Montros. arrived here this afte@mrou, bridging dote a Gibraltar, December 22. Cadiz 2@t , ,bon 20, '' ana Vigo 28, with the Moira iuterine t are mail. Covert-Garden Thkairb.-'The u i T mime has continued an attractive ears '. • to be brougLt out next Friday, end La Dm i do immediate v aflt.rwi.rds. W a perceive that both i' u and Dupes' nre engaged. Thf. Failcrr op the Yorkshire B meeting of '.he iht tti.clders of t@b Yorkabire A ani 'otna. rcial Pink wa@ held ui the M-rob York, on Thursday@ Mr. Blanchard, t@b choir tered into a long rtafrmeut. Tv appeared ti,ai t o@@f the original oipit@@ had been lost, and that f ti of tbe bank amounted to upward@ of F179, M t . very stormy @@nwjmg, during @,ich ee .at of ti holders deflated they hi d embarked the who fortunes in the company, end chat they were no' ' wa, resolved that u ca@t of £1 tier share, in .■ t@ ths two calls ic £11 ach lately granted, should the purpose O'-O ctir.g the deficiency, and@ ih-fr t the eompaay should ,e wound .ip as soon a@ pot greatest@d@ntress prevail@ in t@enacity and neigntjou.' the subject. We find that, besides the loss ol capital oi the bauk, there will be a icfiofow VM!.000 V there @dm 35,000 shares ii.isharehc .• h,r will he @-cuiareu to pay the deficit. We ? tli - original paid-up capital of the bauk was J which tl ol.ty i had been added nines, making £211,000. T@r whole of thi@ fas been lost. T@@@ errors were committed at the very outset. Ti tooK tt ■ timin'. of the .Yortheru aud Oatn L -d , paid them £0,000 for tbe goo.i-vi l account to tho amount of £83,000, for wiiic down Bauk oi England not@@@ and on which £r has been a lo@t of about £40,000 ! W@ , ed i blenders ot every rind might be . t . - tea fro who could make such a bargain iu orerice ' whose account@ they took. There'.eight nev@ been a dividend declared all tta iividerd ha-out of capital. it Is a painful f, ati.i of tbe ca . of the shareholder@ aio widow@ @mi person of , who, tempted by the succtvv of two o' rbai invested their all ia this under.-king, i., Uav-thlng.-Aereb Merer-, at Sqturd y. The latr Murder at Spernall.-one of tlio cu'Cii'T for the@ccap'y of Warwick Stndley on@Tuerdav , and proceed' - to hold a the b dy of the unfortunate Tilsley@ ot tho Me Bead Ion. A jury of twenty-four -hlv i cp vidtials a niuniiioucd, aud elect,d Thooie of Moretoii Baggott, a foreman ifter oeim they proceeded with the coroner to view the wa laid in e woo,l hovel near the muse ot A', t ecu. Tbo head prevented a king pect#c, vered with brains and biota, 'he t ain pro' tht wound in tbe front as .u it at the I head. At tbe conclusion of ice the. which we h#vr fully ajtir.pii ,d i our rt v count , theftoroner briefly surntr ' ' y, sod th .'• a short consultation, returned a verdlr of V- I agbinst 1 me@ Crowley ana the . roner issued the acresoury authority for die a webe muideu r. The coroner also et'rto , his . writing@to 8ir James Graham, s .wv of ? ■ Home Department, for the pu -! oJi i . operation of cuverofiitct, and . .ferofa rev litate tho @ad@ of justice. The pro • mg bet ncr@excited considerable iu' rest u.auyof ■ ■ n, clergy and g-ntry w. re in t@@ in gast-rocn s ticular attention to the evWcnco prod'- iip.nti b c o 'Ciision. @Ml the approaches, to the ecer. plorable tragedy were lined with i irties anxioi glance at th® mangled remains of th ' uolortunat. and obtain a view of tbo rt' 1 ' 'round v @c. appalling event has thrown .ueiat.m painful on interest. Much sympathy . ! ' for the wift and orpi n. ' i fcildrtn ol poor '.n Crowley, the murderer, is 29 @ear@ of eg , and stoot and wsll-proport ivd. l • victim, was ibont tweniy-t ' V ' same rise, but it is considered J K '-match for hi .'ssa sin 'a. e enen • • The body oi n or Tilsley, site! ro his father's house at lembeunt, sC' from Spurns'l sad on Muitutuisy y. churchyard c r CoughtoP. near A ' • '• ws cannot cuuclno our psinfui a uouiicomsiit of tbe a prehsnrion oi We ax Ida ' on be adj-basis o be C rts u pr mast, diminii the ex purlin The the p duties work form 10o
[ GS_aligned] #################################################################################################################################################################### of ################################################## of the matter. In giving some insight ################ feeling up@@on this subject, I may ################################################################################################################################################################################################################## and provision laws, and all other monopolies. The following are among the noblemen ################### already become members of the general committes -The Earl of ####### ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## making to procure a REPEAL of ################ That this meeting do new ##################### with power to add to its ################################ in order to promote free trade by the ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## the falsehood. M. CARSY, ex‐president of the revolutionary Junta of Barcelona, has addressed a letter to the Marseilles Semaphore, in which he denies having ever been a paymaster of a Corps Franc. As we sceused him, on the credit of a Barcelona letter, of having @ﬁlled this o@@ﬃce during the war, when four millions of reals were embezzled, we give at length M. CARSY'S, contradiction - I am accused of being possessed of 100,000 francs rentes, the produce of a double robbery. The @ﬁrst committed as paymaster of a corps the second, as President of the Junta. I never was the pay- master of a corps. As to the Junta, it never re- ceived more than about 280,000 francs from the funds of the Provincial Deputation a sum small in proportion to the necessities of a great city, especially at such a moment, when excesses, pro- ceeding from the destitution of the poor, were to be prevented. The Junta paid twenty@‐ﬁve sous a day to its National Guards, and to many o@@ﬃcers of the army. Where, then, is the robbery ? We will give M. CARSY full credit for his denial of having ever been paymaster of a corps. With respect to the funds taken from the treasury in Barcelona, the Spanish authorities will themselves reply. A close inquiry has been made into all facts, and they will come forth in the debates of the Cortes. M. CABSY gives another account of the rescue of the thirty prisoners. All the o@@ﬃcial defences of M. @LESSEPS confess that these prisoner, were taken from a French boat belonging to the Meleagre, and under the French @ﬂag. It was the duty of M. LESSERPS to claim and see them liberated. The following is the way in which M. CARSY tells us they were liberated - Let the English press know, writes the ex- president of the Junta, CARSY, that these persons were taken out of our hands by a @charitable sub- terfuge of the Consul. The representative of France presented himself before the Junta, and asked would I oppose the going away of a @French family, to which he had given passports. It was the @ﬁrst visit I received from him. I did not hesitate to satisfy him and the family in question were about to embark, when I learned that they were the Ladies Van HALEN, with General CHACON. I would not go back from my word. The Consul, in his humanity, thus deprived us of pre- cious political hostages, the keeping of whom might have prevented the bombardment. This account is totally di@ﬀerent from the o@@ﬃcial account given by M. LESS@EPS himself to the French Government, and published by it in an English Tory paper. M. @LESSEPS says, that on learning that a group of women and children belonging to the families of the Captain General and General ZA@BALA had been carried o@ﬀ by the militia at the moment they were about to embark on board the Meleagre. This account blinks the material point, admitted by the Débats, and averred by Ge- nerals Van HALEN ########### that they were taken out of @a boat under the French @ﬂag, a boat belonging to the French vessel of war. M. LESS@EPS ##### he @ﬂew to the President of the Junta, and energetically insisted that the persons should be given up. M. CARSY'S account is very di@ﬀerent and either he or M. LESSEPS make a statement completely false. Indeed it is very remarkable how none of these people tell the same story. General PASTOR relates the surrender of the Atarazanas in a way utterly contradictory of M. LESSEPS whilst M. CARSY tells the story of the embarkation of the ladies altogether di@ﬀerent also from the narrative of the French Consul. Wherever we are to look to for truth, we certainly cannot expect it from that side, of which the very actors and partizan, so egre- griously contradict each other. ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# 1.-The Oriental and Peninsular Company's ############ the Oriental, sailed from this port at eight o'clock this morning, with sixty@‐ﬁve ﬁrst class p@assengers and will call at Falmouth for the Malta ################################################################################################### Love, Black Whisker, and Billy Taylor. @@@@☞ The publication of The Morning Chronicle @ﬁnished on Saturday morning at Eight ####################################################################################### here this @morning@. She sailed from ############ the @22d of December, ################### 26th,@@ Oporto 27th, and Vigo 28th. At Lisbon she took hi a full car@go of fruit, and at Vigo twelve oxen. The Montrose brin@gs home twelve passengers. Sailed yesterday, the steam‐p@acket Iberia, for Gibraltar, Lisbon, @@c. ####################### Mail Packet Company's@ team‐ship, the Trident, arrived this morni@ng from London, and will sail from this port to‐morrow, calling at Falmouth,@ to take the ############### The Trident carries out 400 bottles and thirty‐seven passengers. The next West India mail due, is the Thames, and she is expected to ############## EDITION.@ THE MOR@@NING CHRONICLE. LON@DON MO@NDA@Y, JANUARY 2, 1843. ############################################################## Friday a very dreadf@ul accident occurred@ at the @malthouse at Upten, ####################### Jennings, the brewers, of Windsor, by which one unfortunate man w@as killed on the spot, and two others much injured. The malthouse consists of three stories, the two lower of which are the working @ﬂoors, and @be upper was used for storing ######### of which was place@d there. ########### work in the house, and happening to ############ of the upper @ﬂoor slightly ############### the malt from that part@ to the of the @ﬂooring, which thus became ################# the subsequent accident. They perceived some barley trickling down from the ######### ## story@ beneath, on which one of them re- turned to the room to stop up the hole or crevice, when the whole of the ﬂooring of that story fell into the room@@ ######## which was also broken away, and the whole fell ####### carrying the @men with them in ############## was speedily procured, and ################### as soon as possible, when it ############# named Robinson, was killed on the been dreadfully fractured on the head. ######### maltster, was found to have ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ evidently feel the di@@ﬃculty in which they are placed by that clause of the ASHBURTON capitulation to which we called at@tention on Thurs- day @@and their a@ﬀectation of making light of it only betrays the more glaringly their sense of uneasiness. Lord ABERDEEN may rely upon it that it will re- quire something more than the con@ﬁdent assevera- tions of his newspapers to convince the public that this treaty has not, instead of consolidating peace between England and America, thrown new and serious obstacles in the way of its being maintained. Look, for example at this subject of the right of visit. The Government organ tells us that last year this question threatened to embroil us with the United States. And no doubt it did. It is impossible to read the correspondence that took place @between the representative@ of the two Go- vernments without being convinced that an early@, clear, and de@ﬁnite adjustment of the question was essential to a good understanding between the two countries. It was one of the questions, the settle- ment of which was looked for as amongst the happiest results of Lord ################### Next to the boundary question, it was the one most likely to involve the two countries in a misunder- standing. Now, in what state did Lord ############## this question ? and in what state did he leave it ? England claimed as she still claims , a right to ascertain by visit the real nationality of merchant@@ vessels met with on the high seas. The exercise of such a right the American Government said was ############# in maritime law, and towards vessels of their nation should not be put in force. The exercise of such a right, replied Lord ########### been the invariable practice of the British @navy. So it s@hall continue, and in conformity with it orders to put it in force are issued from ####################################### allude to the existence of the letter of General PASTOR, which @ﬁlled three columns of the Madrid papers, and which proved the full participation of the French Consul, M. LESSEPS, in the surrender of the Atarazanas. Though pass- ing altogether in silence a document so interesting@, the Débats answers an accusation which it attributes to us, and which we did not make. It triumphantly states that the Spanish Consul at Bayonne has been removed for giving Colonel PRIM a passport. We did not complain of the French authorities of Bayonne. We complained of those of Perpignan, who arrested Colonel PRIM, as bearer of a false passport, but who instantly set him free, when he confessed, that as an enemy of the Spanish Regent and Govern- ment, he had been obliged to take a passport under a false name. We have related Colonel PRIM'S e@ﬀorts, to get to Barcelona, and his success in getting to Figueras too late for serious mischief, though not too late to cause a little insurrection, and to force the chief inhabitants of that town to go now into exile. @Since that time the French telegraph an- nounced that TERRADAS kept up his band in the Lampourdan, and that Colonel PRIM had gone to raise@ the Campo di Tarragona. On the contrary, TERRADAS has been driven out of the Lampourdan into Prance and Colonel PRIM, instead of going to Tarragona, has also taken refuge with his French friends in Perpignan. Our letter@ state, that the number of Spanish refugees on the frontier are great that they are not merely the refugees of the late insurrection, but old Carlist partizans, who had been summoned, and who had come from distant depôts. This menacing state of things on the fron- tier, which the French Home‐o@@ﬃce and its police purposely keep up, obliges the R@EGENT, at this moment, to keep 50,000 men in Catalonia, and to be himself continually on the watch@@. In Barcelona itself every means are tried to keep up the spirit of revolt. The Carlc‐Jovellanist Club has in@ﬂuence enough to prevent the re‐opening of the manufactories. The Constitutionnel of the @22d ult. exclaims, on learning the promotion of ############## o@@ﬃcer of the Legion of Honour - What a scandal ! We have proved be- yond the possibility of contradiction the con- nivance of M. LESSEPS with the insurgents. ############## rewards this connivance, and therefore approves of it. How disgraceful and ignominious must the reward be, that has been gained by the provocation of disorders, and the@@ spilling of the blood of both soldiers and patriots ! The Constitutionnel adds- That it knows posi- tively, that several Frenchmen @ﬁred on the QUEEN'S troops, and@ that it could name one who boasted of having killed an o@@ﬃcer. The o@@ﬃcers of the citadel of Montjuich have de- clared, that before and during the bombardment there were no ######### @oﬃcers nor Congreve rockets in @the fortress thus contradicting the stupid calumnies of the Afrancesados. We have received a printed letter from ############################################ a Second Letter from Lord NUGENT to the Rev. ############## on the Condition of the Agri- cultural Labourers. It is eminently@ deserving of the attention of the landowner, of England. His lordship declined in his former letter to specify misconduct towards the poor in particular parishes@ but on the present occasion he has deemed it ad- visable to give instances - Som@e wretched men, he says, @@@I fell in with a few days ago. I questioned them. I heard their statement. I inquired into its truth. It has been con@ﬁrmed to me. They were from the parish of Waddesden. In a note it is stated This parish belongs to the Duke of MARLBOROUGH, a non‐resident landlord.@@ In that parish a great portion of the labouring poor are without employ, und therefore without means of sub- sistence. Those who are employed according to the iniqui- tous and ruinous system of @wages apportioned to the extent of families, and receive for work, @under the name of wages, eight shillings a week to men with families, ################################# the latter allowance being less than one‐half of what I have shown to be neces- sary for proper subsistence. Here let us pause. What is the use of the Somer- set‐house commissioners and assistant‐commis- sioners, @@c., if the allowance syste@m exists in as great vigour as ever ? Eight shillings for a man with a family, and four shillings to single men ! The principle of the new Poor‐law was the separa- tion of independent labour from pauperism. No distinction was to be any l@onger recognised between labourers with families and single men. If the single man perfor@ms the same labour as a man with a family, his wages ought to be the same. But in the agricultural districts we @ﬁnd part of the family of the married man maintained by the single man.@ The New Poor‐law has broken down. I have lately, continues his lordship, returned from passing a fortnight in L@eice@ster@shire. I found the general rate of agricultural wages there to be 12s. a week in many instances 13s. in some higher varying according to the quality of the labour. And there coals, a large and most necessary item in the expenses of life, are sold at the rate of 12s. the ton at the labourer's door. Here the labourer cannot buy them at a less rate than 20s. at the wharf, or in his own village, at the retail dealer's, at a less rate than from 27s. to 30s. the ton. If wages follow the prices of necessaries, how hap- pens it that in those counties of England where neces- saries are dearest, wages are lowest ? We also insert a letter we have received from a reporter of the Anti‐Corn‐law League, on the con- dition of the labourers on the estate of Mr. BANKES -that gentleman who, at the Blandford dinner, was so tremblingly alive to the welfare of the labourers. The description of the misery of the poor creature, is quite heart‐rending. What asto- nishes us, is, that in districts where such wretched- ness prevails among the labourers, landowners should dare to open their mouths on such a subject- When wages, says this reporter to the League@@@, were higher last year by one or two shilling@ a week than this year, your labourers in their miserable hovels, which have neither ' tight roofs' nor ' ti@ght doors,' nor tig@@ht anything, but tight rents and pinching h@unger to ########### them, in those hovels your labourers were without @ﬁres, save when cooking their scanty meals and t@his year, when coals are still as dear, yon talk of the warm hearths of the labourer, and hi@s cheerful society, as things to be preserved by keeping o@ﬀ the 'evil day.' . . . I have seen your labouring people in full@ employment without a change of clothes. I have seen the merest rem- nants of blanket rags to cover a family of six children with their hard‐working father and mother. I have seen hard working m@en on your property who declared to me they did not taste b@utcher's meat for six months that potatoes and lard, the latter in small quantity, and greens, and ################################################# me that during the recent years of high‐priced provisions they had not been able to buy, save ############################################################ low their wages. This is really a frightful state of things. But poor and trampled on as the agricultural labourers of England are, and low as the landowners deem of them, to judge from the disgusting @ﬂum- mery spoken at them, we conceive there is more danger in that quarter than the lords of the soil are aware of. Protection is as good an argument in the mouth of the labourer as in that of the land- owner. The Tory landlords are bringing an old house about their ears. What Lord NUGENT says on this point will be said by others - If, says his lordship, the occupier of land claim, as a right, protection for the value of hi@s produce-if the la@nd- lord claim as a right protec@tion for the value of his land, the value of which must be measured by the value of his produce, the labourer has an equal right, he has a much higher right, to protection for the value of his produce, his labour, because he has no capital to stand out for price during its @ﬂuctuations. He is day by d@ay de- pendent on markets, which, under the present vicious system, destroy him, impoverish the farmer, and against which only the command of capital can enable any man whose fortunes depend on the value of agricultural produce to wait upon the @ﬂuctuations of what seasons may a@ﬀect, but law has rendered ruinously precarious. If then he who rents land, or he who lets it, claim protective laws for his produce, but at the same ti@me claim that labour, which gives value to his property, shall remain unprotected, and dependent on his demand for it, this is to require, under the name and sanction of law, t@he power of committing open and unmitigated robbery-a power to demand a protected and arbitrary price, subject only to his own wants for that labour by which those prov@isions are produced. @@The advocates of protection leave out the la- bourer, but they are putting a frightful weapon into his hands. The Scripture says, accursed is he who deals with two measures. Lord NUGENT says that even at the present price of provisions, @no single man in his neighbourhood can main- tain himself in health and strength upon less than 8s. 3½d. weekly and no married man, with an average family of three children and their mother, upon less than 14s. 6d½. a week, ex- clusive of harvest wages. The argument for protec- tion embraces all these people and the conclusion will be drawn from the premises. They who take upon them the management of others, incur a fearful responsibility. Free trade is one thing, and protec- tion is another but when protection extends to all, it is very di@ﬀerent from protection to a privileged class. We warn the landowners, that the advocates of pro- tection are raising questions pregnant with fearful ############################### we have always protested against the in- justice to the people of England of the system by which the price of colonial produce is so much en- hanced, we have, at the same time, contended that Government ought, in fairness to the owners of estates in our colonies, to give them every facility for obtaining the labour by which alone they can compete advantageously with the owners of slaves. @We hear great complaints of Lord STANLEY by those who are interested in the prosperity of the West Indies. The planters say that be has not done his duty to them-that he has not applied himself as he ought to the giving e@ﬀect to the recommendations of Parliamentary committees, by taking the necessary steps for facilitating the immigration into our colo- nies of labourers from Africa. The select committee on West India colonies sub- mitted to the House of Commons on the 25th of July, certain resolutions containing suggestions, the result of evidence taken before it these resolutions sho@w that the act of emancipating the slaves has been productive of the greatest advantage to the negro population that their character and condition have been greatly improved that many of the former slaves have been enabled to purchase land, and to acquire wealth without labouring more than three or four days in a week, and from @ﬁve to seven ho@urs in a day. The committee report that simultaneously with this amendment in the condition of the negroes there occurred a very great diminution in the staple productions of the West Indies to such an extent as to have caused serious, and, in some cases, ruinous injury to the proprie- tors of estates. The distress in Jamaica, British Guiana, and Trinidad has been so great, as to have caused many estates, hitherto pros- perous and productive, to @be cultivated for the last two or three years at a considerable loss, and others to be abandoned-that the causes of this diminished production and consequent loss, are the great di@ﬃ- culty which has been experienced by the planters in obtaining steady and continuous labour, and the high rate of remuneration which they give for such broken and indi@ﬀerent as work they are able to procure. The remedies proposed by the committee to check the increasing depreciation of West India property are set forth in the 11th, 12th, and 13th, re- solutions which accompany its report. 11th. That one obvious and most desirable @mode of endeavouring to compensate for this diminished supply of labour, is to promote the immigration of a fresh labour- ing population, to such an extent as to create competition for employment. @12th. That, for the batter attainment of that object, as well as to secure the full rights and comforts of the immi- grants as freemen, it is desirable that such immigration should be conducted under the authority, inspection, and control of responsible public o@@ﬃcers. 13th. Thatit is also@@ serious question whether it is not required by a due regard to the just rights and interests of the West India proprietors, and the ultimate welfare of the negroes themselves, more especially i@n consideration of the large addition to the labouring population, which it is hoped may soon lie e@ﬀected by immigration, that the laws which regulate the relations @between employers and la- bourers in the di@@ﬀerent colonies should undergo early and careful revision by their re@spective legislature@. The select committee on the west coast of Africa, in its report dated the 5th of August, has the follow- ing remarkable passage@ - We need hardly add more to prove that it would be well for the African In every point of view, to @ﬁnd himself a free labourer in the free British West India Colonies, enjoying, then, as he would, higher advantages of every kind, than have fallen to the lot of the negro race in any ether portion of the globe. Again, the committee states- Your committee cannot but strongly urge upon Parlia- ment not only not to prohibit the emigration of free blacks from our. African settlements to our West India colonies, but to encourage and promote it by the authority of Govern- ment, under the sanction and regulations above suggested, or such other as further consideration may supply. Here we @ﬁnd two committees of the House of Commons, in the months of July and August, re- commending immigration as a means of improving the African, and of preventing further depreciation of West India property. It will hardly be credited that, notwithstanding the pressing necessity ################################################################################################## me to add, that he cannot undertake to arrange for the esta- ########## of a vessel to run to ############################################################################################# condition, he will take t@he earliest opportunity of bringing the plan into ope- ration. On the 17th of December the merchants inte- rested in British Guiana gave the required guarantee for that colony, which guarantee was stated to be satisfactory, and that immediate measures would be taken to send a vessel to Sierra Leone. It it be- lieved that the merchants interested in Jamaica an@d Trinidad are prepared to give similar guarantees. Here, then, we @ﬁnd in the month of August, two committees of the House of Commons recommend- ing immigration as @a means of saving West India property from further depreciation and in the month of October a meeting of West India merchants, pressing on her MAJESTY'S Government the ne- cessity of adopting the suggestion@ of the com- mittees to avert the threatened ruin of the West India colonies@ subsequently furnishing the Colo- nial Minister with a detailed plan of immigra- tion and yet up to this day no vessel has been hired for the purpose of carrying African labourers to the West Indies. It will be hardly credited that the minister who introduced the great @measure of emancipation, and conducted it with such ability through all its stages in the House of Com- mons, in the year 1833, is the same Minister who presides over the colonial department at present. Yet, Lord STANLEY held the seals for the colonial department in 1833, and does to now. No states- man's character is so much involved in the ultimate success of that great measure as that of ######################################################################################################### body. We also see @that means have been pointed out not only to pre- vent the further depreciation of property in the West Indies, but to improve the condition of the African. Notwithstanding all this, the noble lord at the head of the Colonial Department has not taken any e@@ﬃcient measures for the accomplish- ment of the objects so loudly called for by pressing necessity. By the adoption of wise and energetic measures for promoting immigration to the West Indian Colonies, Government wo@uld do more to put an end to the foreign slave trade, than it is possible to do by treaties, or the employment of ships of war on the coast of Africa. Has it escaped Lord STANLEY'S notice that by introducing a large in@ﬂux of labourers to the West Indian colonies, they would be enabled to compete with slave‐grown sugar in the markets of Europe, and Government would be able to do away with the present prohibitory duties on foreign sugar that our exports to the West Indies would be doubled, and the people of England would @be supplied with cheap sugar produced by the labour of freemen ? That our West Indian colo- nies are capable of supplying the home market with sugar there cannot be a doubt. With a suf- ﬁcient supply of labour, Jamaica, British Guiana, and Trinidad would produce more sugar than the present consumption of Europe amounts to, leaving out of sight Barbadoes, Antigua, and the other smaller colonies. With all these important objects before him, Lord STANLEY is allowing the recess to pass away without propounding any measures for their accomplishment. ########################################### Gazette says, this is temporary, and a trial. The Shehab family or that of the ############# This is natural. As he ruled ####### he must still have in@ﬂuence over that tribe sub- ################# would heed ############### governors are under the nomination of the ###### It is remarkable that the ################# moment that the di@@ﬃculties about ################## Gazette says that the ################################################## is not opposed to the ################# the Danubian ############################### to the restoration of the ########################################################################## yesterday, with a like fair quantity of ############# the T@hree per Cents. ############################### ########################################################################################################################################################################## Bank Shares have not ############# Cents. are ¼ high@er, an New Five per day. Spanish Active ####################################### advance@d to ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ ult.,@@ brought by the Montrose steamer. Nothing de@ﬁni- tive had been done respecting the tari@@ﬀ ques@tion, but it was expected to be decided in one way or the other, as far as the plenipotentiaries are concerned, in the course of a few days. The Su@ﬀren French line‐of‐battle ship, Admiral@ CAZY, commander, had arrived at Lisbon, where the French have also a corvette and a brig‐of‐war and it wassaid that two other vessels were expected and there was a report, indeed, that a French squadron under the command of an admiral was to be stationed at Lisbon for some time. The Spanish Government has @ﬁnally, it ######################## appear, resolved upon claiming the delivery up ##################### the Gloria, alias Grande Antilla, on the novel ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################### for the purpose of being forwarded to the Celestial Em- pire, under the care of Major ###################### inclosed in a very handsome silver box similar ##################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Portuguese laws, professing to be bound on a peace- ful voyage to the coast of Africa for ivory and palm oil, but found at@ Mosa@mbique to have a crew of 70 men armed to the teeth, carrying 6 pieces of artillery, besides a long 24‐pound swivel gun, an@d having on board all the apparatus of fetters, cauldrons, and other accompa@niments of a slaver ################################################################################################################################################################################################## of the yielding ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### an immediate supply of labour to the West India colonies, not only have no steps been taken by Lord STANLRY to carry into e@ﬀect the recommenda- tions of the two committees, but up to the 2@5th October the West Indian body were without any communication from the Colonial Minister regarding the intentions of her MAJESTY'S Government. On the 26th of Octo@ber a meeting of merchants con- nected with the @West Indies was held in the City, when a series of resolutions were passed, calling upon Government to adopt measure, to carry into e@ﬀect the recommendations and suggestions of the two committees. The sentiments of the meeting may be gathered from the 6th and 7th resolutions - 6th. That the delay of her @MAJESTY'S Government in adopting any such measures is felt with peculiar severity at this period, as it not only par@alyzes the hopes formed of relief from the accumulated distress and loss of previous years, but precludes the possibility of those interests in the colonies obtaining assistance which is indispensably necessary for t@he cultivation of estates, and threatens the destruction of that commercial support from the mother country, without which it is impossible for the trade of the colonies to be upheld. 7th. That this meeting, therefore, feels imperatively called on to impress in the most strenuous manner upon her MAJESTY'S government, the necessity of following up, with- out further delay, the suggestions contained in the reports of the two committees, by adopting an e@ﬀectual and imme- diate plan of immigration into the colonies, together with such other measures to restore commercial con@ﬁdence, as may, if possible, avert the threatened ruin of this most im- portant branch of trade to the British empire, restore the prosperity of the West India colonies, and consummate the success of the great work of emancipation. A memorial founded on these resolutions was drawn up and transmitted, together with the reso- lution@, to Lord STANLEY and the other members of the Cabinet. On the 8th of November a depu- tation of the West Indian agents and merchants waited on Lord STANLEY@@ at this interview the deputation was requested by his lordship to furnish him with a detailed statement of their views respect- ing immigration under Government superintenden@ce. On the 15th November a scheme of immigration was submitted to Lord STANLEY, and on the 13th De- cember Mr. Secretary HOPE acknowledged the re- ceipt of the document, and in his communication he stat@e @-@@ I am directed by Lord STANLEY to stats that, although he cannot entertain the application as regards the steam vessel, on account of the very heavy expense which, ac- cording to his present information, would be incurred, he is prepared to assent to the general plan for carrying on such immigration by means of vessels to be hired by Governm@ent, and having on board a Government agent, as in the case of transports it being, however, clearly understood that the entire expens@e of such vessels must be defrayed by the colonies to which they run. Although ######################################################################## instead of pleading the irregularity of the papers as a ground for impunity, ought to su@ﬀer so@me addi- tional penalties beyond those to which her owners would have been liable, if, instead of hoisting false colours, they had in a more open and daring way braved the risks of their piratical speculation under their own national @ﬂag. The Portuguese Government was carrying re- trenchment into all the branches of the expenditure to a greater or less extent. The QUEEN had again given up @ﬁfty contos of her income, and the ############ forty contos, to meet the exigencies of the Treasury. A statement had been published of the actual situ- ation of the Lisbon Fishery Company, by which it was shown that during the seven years of its exist- ence it had lost 70 per cent. of its capital, notw@ith- standing the high duties put on foreign salt @ﬁsh for its protection. The Opposition journals had spread a report that a French loan of 1,000 contos was on the ta@pis which, however, had been strongly denied by the ministerial press. The Government had concluded an arrangement with the Tobacco Contract a@nd Con@ﬁa@nça Company, by which the decima and other imposts pledged to those companies for the balances due to them on account of former advances to the Government, would be set free, the Conﬁa@nça companies receiving Treasury bills, and the Tobacco contractor, bills admissible at the Custom‐house for the tobacco duties, @@@s., for the amount of their balances. @@We have received our French express of Thursday and Friday. The papers are occupied with the @mes- sage of the President of the United States. The way in which that document speaks of the Right of Search, and of the negotiations touching it with Lord ASHBURTON, puts, every word of it, a weapon into the hands of the French opposition. The President, indeed, speaks to France on this subject, with a Go and do thou likewise@ tone of advice, and thus fully displays the spirit in which the Government of Washington negotiated with ############### and in which t@hat diplomatist chimed. We cannot but regret to @ﬁnd ############################### thus throw s@erious obstacles in the way of M. GUIZOT'S keeping faith and peace with England. @@We had understood that the buccaneering conduct and arguments of General CASS in Paris had not been altogether approved of by his Government, and we will do the King of the FRENCH the justice to say that lie did not approve of them. But President TYLER now comes forth with an approval of General CASS'S conduct, and acts upon it himself, doing his utmost to incite the French to a breach of their treaties with @us. We must say, that we did not expect such a result as this as the immediate consequence of Lord ################## of peace out of this treaty both French and Americans derive arms for combating every e@ﬀectual mode of putting down the slave trade. We know not how far Lord ############# im- mortalised himself. But he certainly has done more than any man living to immortalise the slave- trade. The National of Thursday has an article on the de@ﬁcit in French @ﬁnances. It states The estimated expenses of the Budget ############################################################################################################# expenses are much greater than foreseen. What with building steamers, dota- tion to railroads, the ########### independent of the extra hurrying of the forti@ﬁcations, cannot be less than 1,400,000,000. That is, 2,000,000 sterling more than was foreseen, leaving a de@ﬁcit of 5,000,000 sterling. The National estimate, the de@ﬁcit at 4,000,000 sterling. It is little wonder with these prospects, and the necessity of disposing of another third of the 450,000,000 loan, that M. ############### should announce his with to resign, and withdraw from the di@@ﬃculties of the Finance Mi- nistry. The Austrian Observer corroborate, the news, that the Porte had yielded on the Syrian question to the demands of England and Austria, so far as the no@@- minatio@n of a Christian governor for the ############################################################################################################################### large for the ############ of travellers or tr@@aﬃc at this place. The legrap@hsbetween this and ##################################### 31.-The ################ here this afternoon, bringing ################# December 22, Cadiz 23, ################# Vigo 28, with the Malta ############## ############################################ has continued an attractive ######### to be brought out next Friday, and La ####### ########### af@terw@ards. W@e perceive that both ############### are engaged. ############################### meeting of ################### of the ############################ Bank was held in ############### on Thursday. Mr. Blanchard, the ##### tered into a long statement. It appeared ######### of the original capital had been lost, and that ####### the bank amounted to upwards of ########### very stormy meeting, during which #################### declared they h@ad embarked the ############ in the company, and that they were ######### resolved that a call of £1 @per share, in ## to the two calls of £1 each lately granted, should the purpose of ############ de@ﬁciency, and ############ company should be wound @up as soon as ############ distress prevails in this city and ########### the subject. We @ﬁnd that, besides the loss ########## of the bank, there will be a ################ ####### are 35,000 shares 615 ################### be requi@red to pay the de@ﬁcit. ########## original paid‐up capital of the bank ########################## been added since, making £211,000. The whole of this has been lost. The  errors were committed at the very ########## #################### the ######################### paid them £6,000 for the ################## to the amount of £80,000, for ########## Bank of England notes, and on which ###### been a loss of about £40,000 ! We ############### of every kind might be ################### could make such a bargain in ############### accounts they took. There@ #########  been a dividend declared all the ############### of capital. It is a painful f@eature ######### # of the shareholders are widows and ########### who, tempted by the success of two ################ their all in this undertaking, ############################### ######### ######################################################### county of ############### on Tuesda@y, and proceed@ed to ###### the body of the unfortunate Tilsley, at ########### Inn. A jury of ############################################# and ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ count , the coroner brie@ﬂy ########################## short consultation, returned a ###################### James Crowley and the ############## the necessary authority for #################### The coroner also ###################### to Sir James #################### Home Department, for the ############# operation of ################### ################## the ends of justice. The ################ excited considerable interest ##################### and gentry w@ere in the ###################### attention to the ###################################### All the approaches@ to ################## tragedy were lined with @parties ############# at the mangled remains of th@e ############### obtain a view of #################### the appalling event has thrown ################ an interest. Much sympathy ######### the wife and #################### of ################# the murderer, is 29 years ########### stout and ##############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################