[OCR_toInput] iulhsld ri i iQv ioUb , nntipal and intern. tunties, wc now hu e ' le-the customs of I i In moral obligation ' THE MORNING CHRONICLE, FRIDAY, JANUARY 1. Morning Chronicle Office, Ten o'clock. lucuulon, the held K°vern. Ig peci,il rovision Ul , d ' 1 course of dischar'gl P w.hout receivino . disposition it xhc ilitv upwards of 4, 00,000f., which successively absorbed unds which tbe sinking land left free these grants, . r vt-arly increase, have at length exceeded the pre-id siaouiitol tbe annual revenue. In short, we have I aeet extraordinary expenses, which were without doubt Liitied by events, or by the resolutions of the chambers, . r ,icb oblige os in the present state of things, to ted'ia oar calculation a deficit which, though reduced the combination of a special law for tbe War anu r,oe ll.partment, still amounts to 500 millions. We must r.K . CONNKCOU, ■C agreed upon cnrrvinu i respect to such handi-'■licit unions of journo r. kn, strikes, and the likj yi t the laws of the cour.. Ii, ns may be guilty of 4ny Ihe conlederate states, to i ci'o shall be taken, ufig, rbucher or travel j oa I'ulation of the law oor-vith the allotted punish, ler and travelling pas ies of the domiciles of th e jail, after undergoing thfont quite black in th® , mler strong convulsions -i-tance in a state of The medical man, on -Ba.rve on civil ponsiOM for 01,728 francs, and on military pensions, for 1,350,000 francs, will be but ' , The one ha v for enase the pensions of the em-°WS of tbe former, regie of the salt'works ot tbe E Bt, the ■ -h most be classed amongst the pensions on th# state, in Mosnce of the cancelling of the lease of the company, The'other results from a more exact appreciation of the sntn c -ssary for the payment of military p#nsionstogra#tyearly. ri wa- only customary to carry the nominal credit of inscrip-, tjon n the budget, without keeping an account of the propc-sitions which completed the immediate calls of tbe service I it resulted therefrom to claim each year's supplementary aliottnen's, which will be avoided henceforth by a more ex act calculation, which we submit to yon. We ask for the subvention to the calls des retraites of the departmeat or Fmaoee a credit of 7,767,000 ., representing the insufficiency of its resources in 1842. The developments in support of tbe budget justity his want of that allotment you will find au exuet appreciation of the probable extinctions and con cessions claimed by the necessities of the service. Au ar ticle of the law expenses fixes besides the credit of inscription at the sum of l,U40,000f. which does not exceed more than 90,000f. th nominal cipher ot anneal concessions. Ttist temporary supplement, with the 280,000f., ndded to the credit demanded lor 1841, will cause tin inscription in arrears brought up to the 31st of December, 1840, and resulting from the re strictive disposition of tbe law of the 12tb Aoril preceding. The endowments, fo-ming the said part of the budget, are carried to 16,225,100 f-ancs that is, 253,000 francs leas in 1841. That result is the sequence of the redaction which the subvention allowed to the L glon of Honour experiences, the which decreases from year to year, in proportion to the I extinctions. The budget of justice offers an increase ot 7,050 f which result# iromsnppleiaentaryallottncntsdetnunded I fur 32,800f. and compensated by redactions to the sum of ' 25,250f. The increase is carried to the expenses of the mati -iel el the Council of trtate, on the salary of the Vice-i President, and on the expenses of the Tribunals of I the First instance, which are increased by th# re-I ernt adjuuction to the Tribunal of the Seine of four supplementary Judges and four sworn clerks. The diminution arises from the extinction of seven pasts ol auditors, and by the retrenchment of 20 000 francs, which the situation of the caisse lies retraites of justice allows to be effected on the subvention which it enjoys. The expense of pnblic worship is increased also by the sum of 220,787 francs the following arc the causes-185,000 r . must be added to tbe salaries and indemaation ot the parochial clergy by the replacing of the old eccle-k op in view that the Treasury supports another deposit j siastics by young non-pensioned priests. A • ipplemeut of 'Vi millions, previous to tbe year 1833, and which has 2,0001. U applied to the rent of the hotel tor the resi-, - , , v u . .. 1 deuce of th? Archbishop of Baris 2 ,000t. are claimed liierto absorb, d, in part, the resource# of the floating debt. , a or i , r , 0 inoreS8e miays and means. Now, feould it not be a folly to reckon on aioverplus of receipts when ret e tkem yearly exceeded by on expenditure? You must il.ortrasrk that the adjudication of loans wusindicated bytbc i of 1817, a- a subsidiary resource, and allow us toadd, with hope that it would never be employed. It is then beyond unfit that tbe system of tbe law of 17th May, reposes eu-•ely on the resource of tbe sinking fond. A short time o, gentleman, the Five per Cents, were so near par that wire oil tbe point of Boeing tbe accumulation of there-ce at an end. Had this taken place, tbe sinking laid, -tend of being of any assistance to the Treasury, would ve td-Ud to its embarrassment for it would have become o, -arv to borrow far tbe purpose of reimbursing non-n-o idnted funds previously absorbed. It would have omc nsenssary to borrow to continue the works already inuirnccd, and which could not be stopped suddenly, and Isa to borrow to meet the still more imperious u'cessities ng from circumstances. Id presence of such ventualities, m n of foresight must bare inquired were possible to continue to contruct c'r-in engagements founded on uncerUin resourc e. Evi-r.iy the system established by the law of May 17, 1837, at ci ange with circumstances. Weconsequentlysub-l to yo.i two propositions-one to afiect from 1842 the re-rrveof tbe sinking fund, to the cxten.loB of tbe depo-Its of the years 1 840, 1841, and 1842 the other to titborise u loan of 450,000,OUOf. to meet the expenses d tbe public works belonging to tb# Wur and Ma-l,-e departments. An especial project of law will ke laid iff.-res yon shortly, dividing the total expense of tbe rk ' oo a series of years, and fixing for each year a limit to be exccedeJ. We have already nnaounced the i spe from th? proposition of the Minister ot Public Instruction. It Is, iu reality, but 113,362f. The surplus of 2G4,800f. represents expenses covered by equivalent rec ipts, hut are i the expanses of primat v schools, and schools of pharmacy ' united to the university by th rnval ordonnsucs of j Septwnber, 1840. A sum t 113,362f. is destined to remunerate a moth councillor of tbe university, nn4 cer tain protssiors of the Normal Seh loland Collegede France, us well as t'v'o royal colleges, with the exception of 4,OUOf. for the commissioners of police of Ham. The home budg-t presents but diraiuutfons to the amoantof 74,078''. owing to tbe cessation of the rent of the Tefograpb Hotel. The Home Minister Uemnrda that the union to refugees ha resisted in the list of services voted. Tbe Mi nister of Agriculture and Comm rc? demands nn augmen tation of 51,7991. for the establishment of Vicbv hut this will be covered by the increase of revenue. The plans for finishing work? of public utility, which we have laid before you, bring back the budget of the Mlnl-ter ol Public Works to its usual proportions but after the uansing of the special law, which will shortly b presented to you, the cost of the extraordinary works which shall be authorised for the year 1842 will be included in the Budget of that department, of which it will form a distinct section. The amount required for 1842 shows ua increase of 318,000f, composed of 23,200f on the central administration, of lOO.OOOf for the nla r ies of the department of roads, bridges, and mines, of 139 OOOf for in-terual waterways and the superintendence of railways. On the other hand the expense is decreased to the amount of the special credits for finishing the wsrks at th Luxemburg and the Hotel Mole. It is expected these wvks will be c unplete in 1841, and that there will b' no need of a farther nllowuncp. The charg 'B of the War Dipsrtmeat for 1842 ar# estimated at 304,718.3011., of which 40.028.274f. Bre for onr possessions in Africa. Tliess estimates exceed by 113,177,610f. the credits originally opened for the Budget of 1841 but, when compared to the spe cial laws rf supplementary credits recently presented, it will be seen that, keeping np the same eff-ctive, the budget ot 1842 is less by 53,238,OOOf to that of 1840, asd by 21,718,OOOf. to that of 1841. The credit ol 861,000,0005 is the cons-queuce of a temporary situation It, however, onnot be conceal ui that, under the most favourable hypothesis, the reduction there is peril ia not ipeedily applying- a remedy. Lihonrne. In this there are but two modes-reduce expenses or aug-ute it revenue. The r.'dnctiou of expenses has with us ever produced little effect, upd failed in its aim. The reports of commissions attest it. It is only in increasing the budget that we can bring revenue on a level with expenditure. Yet we do not propose new taxes, nor yet the Hugmentstion of tariffs. There is something first to be tried. Onr centributive system, in my opinion, ought to suffice for the permanent wants ol the country. But among onr fiscal laws, some ooght to bi adapted to the changes in eur social state. There are some which have heen relaxed, anil hence voids and inequalities, which otfonrt public morals and equity as much as the interests ot tbe Treasury. We present measures herewith to strengthen the receipt ot taxes and generalise the application of them. We shall immediately ask for a new law to ensure tbe col lection of the stamp-iinty, and other taxes of the kind. It is time to remind citizvnsof a social duty, too little respected. No one has a right to treat taxation as an enemy it ought not to he eluded, but submitted to. In enumerating the different branches of the revenue, I shall be •bilged to speak of reform and ameliorations. The sum of direct csntribntion for 1842 is estimated at 806,054,fll0f. t of which 28fl,030,1105 are applied to the ge neral services of the budget,and 110,024 5005 to departmental and parochial expenses. The 5,377,8001'. or excess, which this estimation shows, compared with the budget of 1841, m y be divided into two eqnal parts of which one, resnltiDg from the increase of the taxes and patent payers, is added to the profit of tbe general fond, and the other, representing th# augmentation in depart mental and local taxation, must be omitted in that specifi cation. As to indirect taxes, we must take onr estimates from the most recent facts and returns. The duties on registry have produced, in 1840, 192,845,4005 6,000.0005 more than the preceding year. Takiog this re suit for the basis of our valuations, we are confident that the progress of industry and commerce will cause this branch of our revenue to increase and prosper. We will also pro pass same amelismtions. A inode of regulating the duty on the transference of cfflees will be comprised in the law of recettes for 1842. Tb# law ot 1832, has proportioned this tax to the security money which is indiscreet. Tbe laws to be proposed will remove this incurrectne?# and inequality, and im prove this branch of the public revenue by full 800,0005 Tha stump duty glv s a revenue dispreportioned to the progress of affairs The increase of this tax is too small, and attests tbe insufficiency of legislation. The circulation of unstamped bills has resisted penalty and legal prohibition, und a severer system has been re-cstntnended by tbe late Parliamentary C#mstission. By imitating the energetic sanction that a neighbouring nation has given to its Legislature la this respect, an im per bint increase of revenue may be secured A committee is now employed examining tbisquestlov, and is preparing a law, that will be ready this session. In the meantime wo estimate the stamp daty bat for the sum of 34,250,0805, the same as the um which it give in 1839 A diminution of 635,0005 is providod for bv the produce of the domains and ol the mobilising objects belonging to the state, valued at 5,044,0005 We shall, however, realise ia the course of 1842 a portion ot the prica of tha domanial salt mines of the east, which will be fur sale so in after the liquidation of the present exploitation but the receipts will b? weakened, on tbh oiu r hand, by the cessation ot accidental causes, and by the alienation all bat entirely consummated of the einmeublcs sad of the available property arising from the former extraordinary domaia. The produce of tbe foils of wood of th state is car ried In the budget for the rim uf 30,312,5005, which it has bean valued at for 1841 it is the tniaa receipt of th# years 1838, 1837, and 1833, which have been generally favourable to the trade of wood. Notwith standing the foil occasioned in 1839 by the bad working of tbe forges, tbe admiaistration estimates that by tseans of the amelioration of the routes foresticres,.and by the as sistance of the conservators of the sales, it will obtain the receipt intended. Respecting the m?aa produce of the forests, and the right of fishing, the valuation is carried to 2,807,5005 it exceeds by 204,0005 that of last year, and is based on the increase realised in 1838 arid 1839, for 319,OOOf, and compensated up to 115,0005 by some reductions. The actual mod# of recovery, for the benefit of the treasury, ot'he expanses of tbe administration, of the woidsofcom-tnuries, and of th# public establishments lias caused nume rous claims to bo ina le, and the inconvenience thereof has been detailed at length by your list omimssion of finance, in Its report on ways and means of 1841. The law of 1791, which place! those woods under the same regime as ■he domtnial Isivs, attributed t the Treasury, to cover it of tba expanses of their administratioa, a decline by franc on the produce of what is cut and sold, and posterior laws added dati s tor that cut naturally. In 1827 the project of the Code Forestier propisel the maintenance of that syst#ni with Home modifications but an amendment to article 106 introdne-d in that respect an essen'ial alteration, by sub stituting for the produce of tbe falls an additional tax to the contribution foueiere established on timber, and divided pro rata that contribution. Tnis Hew mode, which made a tax weigh oo certain department much heavier than the disbursements with which it bad to indemnify the Trea sury, provoked complaints which it wsa necessary to justi'v, in th? fi-st place, by local enactments, ami in short, in 1837, by u legislative disposition which annulled the Code Forestier, by which each department would be taxed no longer with a proportionate contingent, but with the nmount of th# expenses for the administration of the timber. That sys'ern did not engender less claims than the pre ceding one they arose from localitiee where the wood ground is less productive, and some of which see the re-v tiae of their timber entirely absorbed by the expenses f the administration. Your commission of the budget was struck it reemmaanded to the government to make a special study of tbe basis which ought, for the future, to be adopted for the division ot the expenses of the ad ministration of the timber of communes and of public establishments. Tiiat analysis has indaced as to ac knowledge that there exists, at the bottom of ex perienced systems since 1827, a cause tor illegality and eomDlaint, which cannot disappear but by toe return to tbe true principles of tbe Wx. It is in pronortion to the revenue that it must be established, and on the revenua itself, as often as it can b appreciated and attained. Wherefore the revenue of tiaiber is exactly repres mted by the price of the sales, and bv the value of the animal deliveries to the i affsnogister. We propose, consequently, to re-establish tiie annual leee oo that produce, as under th? regime of th? law of 1791, bnt by reducing it to a twentieth, instead of I have attained the prices which we consider belong to them Gentlemen, yoa how khow the whole ofanr finnockjtl sitgatiei Yon Have under your eyes a complete jiicture of our watH , and the resources we have prepared to meet them. The views which we now snbrait may be summed up ia a fow words. The Government believes in place, und because it so be lieves, it does not ask of you to stop the progress given, for same years, to the works of peace. In this view we make an appeal to credit-the resources which we ask, in waiting till their normal destination be accomplished, will yield to the treasnry a temporary assistance, and aid in bearing the weight# of oar deficits, which will ha covered by degrees by the consolidation of the successive reserves of th# Sinking Fund. It is by taxes that we provide for the expenses of our civil and military state, increased by the accidental charges imposed on us by the political situation of Europe. Bat la order that these taxes bs sufficient, it is necessary to fortily them by divers measures, which we wi'.i submit successively to your sanction, and which, in suppressing fraud and generalising farther the benefit of proportional equa lity, will assnre to th# treasury most abundant results The financial system ol tha government should be the faithful expression of Its political sy t m. The budget, which we present to you, has been conceived in the spiiit of peace and the preservation of peace, which I and my colleagues have accpted In taking uoon ns the re sponsibility ot affairs. This task, gentlemen, we would have declined, if we had not the intimate con viction that a good understanding between the great Powers of Europe might be confirmed und maintained en conditions honourable and sure to our country. If our con fUence is not ill-founded, a iittl# time and a few effort# will suffice to replace in our budgets a durable equilibrium, and restore the prospnritv of our finances. That, gentlemen, is neeessary to enable France to maintain its elevated rank among Hitious. permasent in- ! u decline by Iranc it is the object of article 5 of the project •V' ' r ™ ! sheets of paper, and commcnc s, In the name of God. im 4 000 OOOf. ■ f l' w on t 1 receipts, the mitws of whiebpuud the ad van- oetter than those made in England. After they had nmnn w 'j i p . n i P mn thiahhsnhomoua Droatitution of War explain ' ta es, will h more umply detailed to you jn the develop- I played fast and loose with the people of Worcester in such , f f . Ai m ,vhtv Giver of all eoodness to m H a r y barns' j annexed fo .the budget, Tne Treasury Urecerer a very, honourable manner-after,, to gratify their hatred LT'lck d' SrtL? ™# ei h andfoM The Royal Paras.-The following new ar rangements relative to the keepers and the distribution of venison from the Royal Parks, appear in the annual re port for 1840 of the Commissioners of Woods and Forests, which is just published Various complaints having been made both as to the quality and supply of the veni son from the royal forests and parks by the parties who have hitherto, with the sanction of the Sovereign, been permitted to receive the same, we received direc tions from the Lords Commissioners of her Maieitv's Treasury to make inquiries into the supply and distribu tion of the venision from each of the royal forests and parks, and to advise their lordships as to the measures which should appear to us to be the best adapted to remedy the evils complaiocd of. Tne result of these inquiries was such as to induce their lordships to sub mit to her Majesty the expediency of placing the whole supply, including that for the royal table, under the supervision and direction of this board that the keepers should not be allowed to receive the fees and perquisites which heretofore had made a considerable portion of their income, but that they should be paid annual fixed salaries that they should be res'rioted in the keep of cattle in the parks to one or two caws, and to n sufficient number of horses only for the proper exe cution of their duties, to which they should devote their whole time and attention and that they should send to the parties having her Majesty's venison the whole buck or doe, except the held, skin, and offal. Hor Majesty,was graciously pleased to signify her ap proval of these arrangements, and we were authorised by the Lords Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury to carry the same into effect. For that purpose it has been found necesstry, under the sanction of the Lords Com inis,toners of her Majesty's Treasury, to discon tinue the services of some of tho old keepers, and to award them superannuation allowances in proportion to their length of service. To Lieu-ten nit-Colonel Chester, who held the office of clerk of the venison warrants, their lordships have sanc tioned a rotired allowance of 150 . per annum and to the gentleman who acted as his deputy, 30 per annum. A warrant for her Majesty's approbation and signature is prepared at the commencement of every season, which includas the whole supply for the saason und warrants to the respective keepers arc issued by us to the parties mentioned in the said warrant, on their paying at our office a foe of 1 . 6s. for a buck, and 13s. for a do# and the sums so collected are applied to the payment of tha keepers' salaries and the retired allowances. W# have reason to believe that this arrangemont will not be at tended with any considerable charge upon tbe funds of our department, and that it will fully answer the purpose for which it has been put in force. The American Engines on the Gloucestrr and Birmingham Railway.-Two accidents happened upon this line on Saturday morning last, to tho train which leaves Gloucester for Birmingham at eight o'clock ia tiie morning, both fortunately unittended by any other consequences to the passengers than delay in both we hear to th# American engines. The first took piac# soon after the train left the Spetchley station, and, fortunately, before a high velocity was attained. One of the small wheels of the engine broke, to the great alarm of the passengers as well as of the driver and steker, who jumped off' tiie engine, and, providentially, escaped without injury. The train was necessarily delayed until another engine was procured from Spetchley. This second engine took the train safely to within some few hundred yards of Camphill Station, whsrc the fire bars, and, consequently, the fire, tumbled out upon the road, leaving the train to be hauled to its destination by some forty or fifty men, after a delay of some hours. We have since learned that another accident fortunately un-attended with injury to life or limb occurred on Monday by tha breaking of another of the small wheels. These, we presume, are the engines which the company sent for all the way to Philadelphia, and which, front that circum stance, it might be imagined, were expected to be of a very superior construction and enduring quality. However, these repeated accidents do not say much in their favour, and would seem to show that Jonathan can get up things on the cheap and nasty system as well as ourselves. It was a pity the company should go to a rival country for engines, which should be after all no L. E. L. To the EDITOR oe the MORNING CHRONICLE. Sia-In all the London papers of the 25th instant, there appeared a report of so.ne proceedings at the Lant-betb-street Police-office tho day before, in the course of which Mrs. Bailey erroneously called by the reporter Moroner made some extraardinary statements respecting the conduct of individuals said to have called upon her for the purpose of extractiog information respecting the death of the late Mrs. L. E. Maclean, and of obtaining from her certain important documents which Mrs. Bailey hinted she had in her possession. I had previously heard the same tale from Mrs. Bailey herself, and, as the only friend of Mr. Maclean in town, ' was engaged, when the above report appeared in the pa pers, in examining the statement with the care required by the woman's position and past conduct. I was aware that she had been closely questioned, on her return home thirteen months ago, as to her knowledge of the circum stances attending Mrs. Maclean's death, by the relatives of both Mr. and Mrs. Maclean, and that she had been also rather eagerly canvassed by some other parties, who have wished-1 will not venture to conjecture from what motives-to raUrepresent the causes of that lamented event. I also knew that nothing had been elicited from hor by the friends or enemies of either party to give the slightest colour to the calumnies put forth on the subject. I felt surprised, therefor#, on being told by Mrs. Bailey that renewed inquiries had been made of her under circumstances so extraor dinary by persons refusing to give their names, and still more surprised at some of the improbable details of her story. Finding, however, that she had brought the matter under the notice of the police, 1 determined on having the statement thoroughly Investigated, and for that purpose applied to the commissioners for their assistance in the matter. Colonel Rowan very promptly and politely ap pointed Inspector Hughes of the A division to conduct the inquiry-a full report of which i9 in the hinds of th# commissioners. I merely inclose the result-an admission on the part of Mrs. Bailey of the entire falsehood of her statements. I hereby declare that the statement which 1 made to Mr. Norton, at the Lambeth Police-office, on Thursday last, to the effect that l had been visited by different persons, some of them apparently of distinction, coming in their carriages, and requiring me to give up documents which I alleged to have in my possession, in reference to tho death of the late Mrs. Maclean, is entirely unfounded that no such persons called upon me, and that I am pos sessed of no sueh documents or papers of importance, but merely the statements of what took place when I arrived. I very sincerely regret having been led by the public ex citement on this subject to invent these stories. It is tru# that I embarked with Mrs. Maclean as her personal servant at Portsmouth, and attended her in that capacity up to the time of her death at Cape Coast Castle but I hereby solemnly declare that I never saw or heard of anything to justify the calumnies which have been circulated against her husband on the subject ol liar death. I neither saw nor heard of any ill-treatment, nor do I believe Mr. Maclean capable of any of those things which 1 have heard laid to his charge by public rumour. Ellen Emily Bailf.y's mark my name , E. B. Witnessed the above initials, signed by Mrs. Bailey, in presence of her mother, Mrs. Moroner. Signed Samuel Hughes, December 31,1840. Inspector A. division. It is singular that the first of the calumnious fables founded on the death of Mrs. Maclean, susceptible of ac curate examination, should have terminated in so speedy and complete an exposure of the author. Would that the cowardly insiouators who have so deeply wounded the feelings of the unfortunate husbind had reduced their stories, even in any one instance, to a form sufficiently tangible to admit of similar analysis and refutation ! I am sorry to add that I have reason to believe that the extraordinary fabrications of Mrs. Bailey are not the last links which remain to be broken of the chain of falsehood by which it has been sought to enthral the character of my friend for the sako of pandering to the public appetite for scandal. But his absenco from this country, added to tho iadofinite nature of the charges against him, have hitherto afforded impunity to his libellers, which it may not be safe for them always to rely upon.-I am. Sir, your obedient servant, M. FORSTER. New City Chambers, Dec. 31, 1840. CHURCH AND STATE IN SCOTLAND. A TRACT FOR THE TIMES. raoit the Scotsman J The Times had two long articles last week on our Non-pensc, and to their degradation, , without entering their energetic protest against the parties who did this, and tha government which abetted th.m in it. They are entitled to speak boldly, for they stand upon nigh g'round they 1 lf C4 liau IWO 1 vug aiHGUC l Sl VII UUI xUll- I I - M Intrusion controversy, and otlffer collateral topics, remark- j a im P e J u ce, and nothing more, able for ignorant blundering and unscrupulous mis-state- ' ments, and well exemplifying the nonsense and absurdity which can be palmed on the people of England respecting Scotch affairs. We shall notice a few of the leading points, and first for blunders -The Times informs us, that there is a certain constitutional newspaper in Edinburgh, which, though zealous in reprobating the general policy of the Whigs, advises its readers to oppose every Par liamentary candidate who declines to go all lengths in supporting the ultra Non-Iotrusionists. We thought we had a tolerable knowledge of the Edinburgh preis, but wc confess wo can discovor no such newspaper as the one here described. 1 here are three papers zealous enough in reprobating the policy of the Whigs, tit# Advertiser. Post, and Standard, but they arc equally zealous in repro bating the policy f the Non-Intrusion party There arc two papers which advocate the views of the latter parly, the Mercury and H'ifness, but they are botli decided' friends to tbe present government. The certain con stitutional newspaper in Edinburgh' has no existence except in the imagination of the omniscient Times' The dissensions in the church are deplored as marring the hopes of the Conservative party, which aronow.it seems, brighter than ever in proof of which we are favoured with the following precious morsel of mandauious nonsense -According to our information, there is now sufficient strength in the cities of Perth and Aberdeen, as well as ia the district constituencies of Elgin, Inverness, St. An drews, and Jedburgh, to ensure tho return of Conserva tive members at the next election. Erom a paragraph which lately appeared in our paper, we also learn, that at a recent dinner at Cheltenham, Major Anderson the Conservative candidate for the Lanark boroughs not only announced his absolute certainly of unseating Mr. Radical Gillon-a statement which the late registrations in that quarter completely confirm, but further declared his conviction, that no fewer than six seats in the south and west of Scotland were at present ready to rid themselves of their several ministerial occupants. Wc believe this to be strictly true and the scats in question, as wc suppose, arc those I dates for the representation of Walsall, as ta the repeal of Argyllshire Dumbar onshtre Kirkcudbright, together of the corn law. We have put the question to Mr. Lyt-with those of the district boroughs of Ayr, Dumfries and j telton, and wc have aleo respectfully to request the £ W wn ' ... , D .... courtesy of your reply by letter, or that you will favour u w, as to the cities of i erth and Aberdeen, wc can with a personal interview Wc have the honour to he, affirm with perfect confidence, that if the Liberal church. ! sir. your obedient servants, WALSALL ELECTION. Birmingham, Wednesday Night. TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTOBS Ot THE SOKOL H OP walsall. . Gentlemen-When I had the honour of first address, mg you, offering myself a candidate to represent thia borough ia tbe Commons' House of Parliament, 1 calcu. lated with confidence on the undivided and zealous sup port of every class of the Libaral part . i have now completed a personal canvas of the electors, and 1 regret to say that, in many instances where I had every reason to expect prompt and cordial support, I have ir.et with cither lukewarm neutrality or decided opposition, in addition to these discouraging circumstances, I have had to encounter the avowed hostility of the ageats from the Anti-Corn-law League deputed to oppose me, and whose opposition has destroyed my chance of being returned as your representative, by dividing the Liberal interest. Nothing but a firm conviction of the hopelessness of suc cess founded upon these obstacles, would have induced me to relinquish my prospects of representing your borough, but l am now persuaded that any continuance of this strug gle in the present state of parties would only injure the cause to which l am pledged. In retiring from the present con test, I beg to return my most sincere and heartfelt thanks to those honest and consistent Liberals who have rendered me their able assistance and support.-I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your most faithful, obedient, and hum ble servant, Spencer Lyttelton. Walsall, Tuesday Evening. Walsall Election lo order to prevent any pos sible misunderstanding on th# subject, Mr. Gladstone'! friends think it right to publish a latter which he received from three gentlemen, calling themselves a deputation from the Anti-Corn-law League, together with his reply thereto. ' George Hotel, Dec. 28, 1840. ' Sir-Wc have been deputed by the ' National Anti-Gorn-iaw League' to ascertain the opinions of the oandi-men nod dissenters act together as heretofore, no Con servative candidate lias the slightest chance of success. Nay, though there has been no want of overtures from persons of that party, so hopeless is tiie cause felt to be, , that we greatly doubt if any one of them will come to the scratch when an election takes place. If Major Anderson uttered the words which the Tune, I O I William Kawbon. ' Archibald Prentice. ' James Act and. To J. N. Gladstone, Esq., tec.' attributes to him, his future eoguotnen ough . to be Mayo Longbow! This gentleman vapoured j n the same stele in ' George Hotel, Walsall, ' Tuesday Morning, Dec. 29, 184 1. ' Gentlemen-I had the honour to receive your , Q , . , - . , • - ......... j letteref yesterday at nine o'clock last night. To the 1837, but took special care not to bring his vapouring# to ! electors und inhabitants of Walsall I shall at all timc9 b the proof when the election afforded him an opportunity, j most ready to explain my opinions on ail questions of We know the state of parties in the Lanark and Falkirk j public interest but I cannot recognise the right of the burghs at least as well as this Major Longbow, and we can . Anti-Corn-law League, or anv other league, to send de-assurc him that, it ho contest the district with Mr. Gii- put.ations to catechise candidates, or interfere in the ion on the present registrations, he will be beaten by u I politics of places to which thev are strangers, majority of a hundred at the least. I ■ 1 shall take every opportunity to explain publicly v lien such is the Major'sdeclining to enter upon lessness of tho statements as to the three counties would i the subject of the Corn-laws.-1 have the honour to be. ECCLESIASTICAL COURTS. FURTHER PARTICULARS OP MR. HILL'S CASE-PRACTICE OF THE ECCLESIASTI CAL COURT. To the EDITOR of the MORNING CHRONICLE. Sia Mr. Hill has been the victim of two tithe suits in the Exeter Ecclesiastical Court, in both of which may be seen the worst features of this iniquitous tribunal. The first suit arose from his vicar claiming agistment tithes, which Mr. Hill alleged were exempt under his composition. The vicar demanded a certain sum fixed on by his surveyor and would never give the particulars of the amount. Mr. Hill, refusing to pay unless ho knew what the d -ntand was for, was cited on the 24th of September, 1839. On the 11th of October the !ib l was filed but this de claring generally like a bill in Chancery , and not specifying the particulars of tithe due, of course it could not be seen what wore the Items in dispute, and rather than wait or the issuing a commission to take evidence, when the expenses would be 305 or 40 ., Mr. Hill yielded to the vicar's demand, and paid 11 . costs, although only the second step in the suit had been taken, and the have been obvious if the worthy gentleman had gone into any details. The representative of Argyllshire beat his opponent at the last election by a majority of 250. This was in IS37,and the whole registrations from 1830 down to 1840 have only added 58 voters to the roll! We doubt, too, if Monzic's strange freaks have raised him in the estimation of the electors. It is equally well known that no change has taken place since Mr. Murray's recent triumph in Kirkcudbrightshire, which can endanger his seat and if there be any such Conservative gain in tho county ol Dumbarton as to shake the security of Mr. Colquhoun, we would surely have heard of it through some more authentic channel. The same remark will apply to tho burghs of Wigtown, Ayr, and Dumfries. Had Conservatism achieved any victory there, our contemporary the Aiver. User would have sung pains over it long ere this. As for tho Wigtown burghs, which were Liberal before, there is not a doubt that the transference of the vast estates of the Earl of Stair from a Tory to an excellent Whig, has rendered the ascendancy of Liberalism still more secure in that district. The whole statement, in fact, as to these counties and burghs, is a piece of pure imagination, pro ceeding from the brains of Major Longbow, and swal lowed by the gullible Cockney editor, wc verily believe. from pure ignorance. Of course, tiie Times says nothing about the counties of Caithness und Wigtown, which it is gentlemen, your most obedient servant, ' J. N. Gladstone. To Messrs. Rawson, Prentice, and Aeland.' from a correspondent. Walsall, Thursday Evening, Four o'clock. As you are aware, Mr. Lyttelton, the only Liberal candidate who offered himself to the electors of this borough, hat been compelled to resign the contest by the misconduct of tho Anti-Corn-law gentry. Mr. Foster, jun., was pre vailed upon by them to come forward in their interest, but he has also declined, and the field is now in the un disputed possession of Mr. Gladstone. The utmost tom foolery is being played off by Mr. Aeland, tho Anti-Corn-law Lecturer, and Mr. RawsonJ and Mr. Prentice, through whose mischievous interfereaee the bereugh ia reduced to its present condition. A meeting was held last night at the Dragon Assembly Rooms, convened by Mr. Aeland, for the purpose of considering the position ia which they were placed by Mr. Foster, jun., declining to stand. After a great deal of nonsense, it was announced by Mr. Aeland that the Anti-Corn-law League would not scad a candidate unless there was a requisition sent from the electors. A requisition, miserably sigaed, was got up. and sent off express to Manchester, and, while 1 am now writing, a new candidat# is expected, la the event ot the League not sending up a man, Mr. Aeland will stand next to certain will be rescued from the Conservatives at the contest, without the least possible chance of tho next election! It is hinted that if the Torias were at one on the church question, they might oust Mr. Kllicc from the Fife burghs. This piece of intelligence is surely from Major Longbow too, for it bears his mark. The truth is, the Liberal party is more securo in these burghs than it was at the last election. It is, in fact, too strong to lie as sailed. success. A meeting is announced for this evening, at eight o'clock, at the Dragon Assembly Rooms, when Mr. Aeland is to address the handful of electors who may meet him. Whilst this worse than twaddling nonsense is going on, the Tories aie all alive and turning every incident to account. Mr. Glad stone has gone through a good deal ef his canvass, and hie committee announce that he has received promises of 70 In the Inverness burghs Mr. Morrison beat the Tory i votes more than won the last election. It is, however. increase of effective forces produces a crease width does not amount to less than The particalars published by the Minister in detail the increased expenditure tbe cinses may ...- ,- . , ■ _ , . , - . ■ - • # -'Uinin 'd up. The increase of bodies and the increase of the sum nearly equivalent to its expanse of administration,' towar ds what they foolishly and narrow-mindedly re-tbe effective mea and horsp have increased the annual . ® n which we include in onr valuation for l,.job. uu. i yarded ai a rival citye within G 1 ' m 'fo of prudent foresight the bi'gation? imposed on the 'f'easary by Ihe 5th article of the w of the 7th and 10th of June, l 33 - It will p-rhapshere e objected that, should our rentes 8 e balow par, the re-ptiircee of the sinkiug fund will net ■ - available for the ■rehnation we intend. This is true-but wbat wo d srise ■hereupon ? Why, the extiactiea of the d. Gcitss woald be •lightly prolonged, and the floating debt, w 't the bUsticity which belongs to it, would easily provide Jor it. '# will moreover observe that the re onrce9 of .'bisoCht -ee 61 te considerably increased by the negotiation of th lonii gation propose attribntiog to the expense of tbe works. This at be the ease. The prodnee of tbe loan, the entry ot n- h will precede the consummation of the expenses to iniet it is applied, will nid the Treasury to snpport the 'eight of tbe deficits. The progressive extension ofthem 'ill be combined with the progress of the public works, so as u leave no chance of perturbation ill the service. The mca-tire whi rb is the object of our second proposition, appears 0 us to be founded in principle, aad useful in its appli-utioe. Itr ason and justice require that tbe future, which Gil -oHt of the enterprises of public utility, should sup-i?t tb? greatest part of the expense which they occa-'0m. Public credit will answer our anp'al, if we reqaire aspital, but to Incorporate it with tiie civil und to increase be opulence of i Vatic?, the security of her creditors. You ot also remnrk that, when the public works are to be paid 1 tbe loan, th? ro.Vs of expenditure must n cessarily be 1 portioned to the effective measures, and kept within cer-ilti bonnds whereas if, on the eoutrary, the resources of i? sinking fund arc employed, a vague idea of an exhuust-M resource leads to expens' not always commanded the general interest of the cooBtry. Among the rks that tbe Administrations of Mar and Marine about te undertake, some do uot deserve the qualitt-etion of extraordisary. Th y are, nevertheless, of such I nature that the expense once made will not again occur o! this consideration appears sufficient for them to be ItHuded in the project ot law which willshortly b laid bc-' rp vou. Another motive induces ns to act thus. Tiie snrms und the making of powder 4,218,OOOf for the troop# iu huts 5,820,0005 for fortificati' ns and buildings fir the us of the military 890,0005 on account oi the increased price of materials aid jirovisions and about 4,000,0005 for nnprovina th# supply ot the wauls of the urray in Africa The Minister ot War keeps up, for 1842, the aannnt of 1,050,0005 the credit intended as n provisional amount for military pensions, and which is the oojset of a special law. This la w reproduces in the same terms as theprec vllng tho article relating to the special and extraordinary wo-k to he executed in Algoria, hot it pro poses some qjodiheations In the heads f the services In tbe war department, for which sapplimentary credits may he opened by royal ordinances it additonally lnclndes the purchase of tuo , which has hitherto been included In prepared rations,but which it is better tostatesppcittcally then the pay of reform, which is to appear in the votes as well us the psy of non-activity, which is included therein salaries of the men employed ia' the manufacture ef powder and salt-peue, nn expense which Increases iu proportion to the amount of demand. The naval and colonial department re quires 127,390,4005, but this includes a sum of 14 millions, j quite an accidental receipt, a renewal of which is not to be desired we fear no mistake iu admitting au equal revenue lor 1842. In short, the-cbeupuess of provision , by ex ploding foreign coro.ciu hut favour other consumotioDs pro ductive for the Treasury. The law ot the 31 ot Jaly last, on the sugars, insures us b-sides a more than snlticl.nt coinp'H'ation, 87 admitting only the valuation of the duties to collect on tha exotic sugars, such as has been nlopted for the budget of 1841. The indirect contributions have been valued according to the realiza tions of the year 1840. First, resp-cting colonial sugar, we thought to be enabled, by the progressive develop ment of th? manufacture, to udd three millions of kilo gramra-s to the quantities produced by the last crop. Vc, therefore, calculate that the new daty of 255 reckoned upon a qmntity of 27,000,000 kilogrammes, the which, united to 81.000 000 supplied by exoiic sugars, will bring tc 107.000. 000,the mean consumption of the last five years Hence arises for th# contributions indirecles, not including th? tobacco, a total receipt of 139,350,0005 It would offer 36.000. 0005 to 40,000,0005 more, if at the end of the year 1830 the tariff's en beverage had not been reduced one-third. The t v nlic revenue no longer sufficing for the ©rdinjry necev-h.vsof the state, it is n ees ary as well as regular to exo-•ate the budget from the expenses which ere not Hgain to ske e'ace. It is hut by acting in this manner thntw'shall ' hi,' to propsse that equilibria!! which you ask us to re-a sh ish, mid which it is ur duty to effect, unless prevented uliti.'al necessities, ientlemen, the plan we submit to ■ar disce-omeut is very siinp'e, and the lo'iowing rnnv be -idcred 3 a sumraarv ot its results -You will efface ' th the Sinking Fund, if circumstances favour tha riedieits of 1840, 1841, and 1842, In the pure of a fow years at the end of which F a will find this powe-fnl resource increased by corn-p md interest. Y u will secureth? termination of tbegreat ''ks of public utility bv a s and means not expos-d to 11 ire. Independentlyolthesorevaits,vouchii,if.'aerge'icallv ktl ted, increase th? revenue of the state so us to equal Its -ej'. lti's, without creating new taxes or augmenting tariff ■lice. 'Te will exp'.ai t tbia when we speak ol r-eeipts. I ave nr. w to refer 11 the nec-s itiea of th? year 1842 lu • appreciation of public expenses, we have endeavsured to fet'lude lrom the law of ii sauce no ordinary expens?, and lo render anv supplementary credits necessary by f-iens or in-HViv? estimates All tbe vxpensea re-?rd to keep our civil and military organizttioii are in-fi l-d in tbe hodg-t More you we have Included therein forest of the sinking food bonds, the allowances for F-'s-rsiou fund, and 01 her expense not contained in for-■'budgets. Tre bndgot of 1842 .v' y therefore be coa-'fod as a faithful and e-i !UD 'etetable the ordinary neces. ef tho state. Ve hi 0 omitted the expenses of P'Ttordionry public works. Hjt l does noi enter into p thoughts that this b-imr place,J in P special budget ' ruts them being included Uo in . he gtaersl one. Af the vote of the law of expense the emu D'signed t 'h will he inserted in the genera! budget. The c debt presents n with the icaaiog service lb we have to pass in review. It figu' 49 H budget under tour divisions-the consolida ' t, loans tor canal- and other work-, easi 1 timbursed in different ways, nd annuities. I-e. n'mlnientsliavo reduced tbeamoantot Five par Ceuta r-'u-i b 2 8115, while the Three per Cents, have Increased 44f. t y 1 he indemnity to emigrants. On tbe other aide, the f'Ms've c msolidation of the reserve of the sinking fand pfo ! t th. 1 credit demanded for tbe Four per Cants, by a P® 1 13,004,3575, composed of 11,122,3575 demanded as a foment of .'ell, and ot 1,94!,0005 tor the service ef lgyj. 'inking fund, with itedotution of 44,616,4635 prem,, it? rentes bought out. will dispose, in 1842, of a suai - ''7c, ..'f. Let ns congratulate onrsvlvea ou onr having r J'tved tb's puissant made of Jiteration. It is most I ?! ti u? under present circumstances, aod it at once fore '• 's public credit aod aide the Treasury. The charge of which, according the special law of July 10, 1840, is tj be - - .. . . ... applied t? the building of steamers for transatlantic nuvi- j advan'ugfl? attached to the tsxsflf eonsmnpti in, niacins gition and the preparations for the service. If this tarelly follow the progress of pablic prosperity, inade It b. preparations occidental cause of esnsase be deducted, which is not a ivi-nlnr expens ■ attached to the riyal nsvy, tbe credit for l '?eH?r4 and colonial establishments is reduced to the snot of 1 , 4290,4005 With the proposed credits the Minister of Marine w 1 ! ke p np to their present footing the naval lores th# #9 tive of tfcn crew?, the raariaes and artillery. The increased e' oen8e ' 8'stribnted on all the !e-b'lievcd that, in the necessity in which we are tose-k fresh re sources to satisfy theexigeuciesof the situation, the moment was arrived to remodel the tariff of the beverages to the figure of the year 1829. If we do not offer any proposition in this view, we thought at lent that it was indisp'iissble to pro vide the means of obtaining from tho present tariffs all that they can prcluee, by legislating for certain ameliorations them partmente of the marine, and we can to the detailed pat -' eu !?, r8 w i cb aecouot by legislative clupfo-rs. The necessary credit# for the g?-n?rul e?rvice of the Minister . f F' anc r e ar ™ ewba ol11 ' fled, which produces a reduction ' 0 ?® vo to poiut out hut a reduction 310,0001., arising from the termiuition of the cadastre jo some depart ments, and an increase of 270,OOOf. fc th6 Irea-urr charges, in consequence of extraordinary expenses which brinq with them increased charges. However, the relation of these charges to the expanse continues at the mo derate rate of 13c for lOOf The expense of invwfem nt and collection of taxes show an increase of 3,244,OUOf., und a diminution of 340,OOOf. The increase pro ceeds from 1,025,000f. for a stock of tobacco and management of the manufacture of sunff, the oonsumption of which continue to increase 281,600f. for the purchase of powder 304 560f. for poundage and other charges atten dant on collection, vi . tho extraordinary departmental taxes 233,OOOf. for customs, including 12,OOOf. of bonding charges, which will he reloaded by the towns 58,000£ for PosSoffica charges, in consequence of the fourth horse to mail ouches, increased sp ed, correction of raeH urerBent of distance , and contracts for conveyance 85,280f. for the keeping up the two supplimcnUrv steam boats, in virtue of the law of 6 July, 1840, in the Mediter ranean and, finally, some accessary expenses. The re ductions arise from the clothing of the carriers, the pay to the postmasters newly appointed, on the price of fuel for the steam-packets, and on the charges of superintend ing the Salt-works del'JSst these charges will stop in 1845, in consequence of the cancelling of the lease to the company, and of the new system founded on the Ihw of 17 June, 1840. It is proposed, under the head of Management, to transpose credits from gdi chapter or credit to others, which are the consequence of u new ar rangement of services, which you will be able to judge of. We have to m otloa a branch mail from Tours to Havre, which will supplv with adv n ! a.rs the projected line from Nantes to Rauen for the letters from Bordeaux to Htyre. We have to mention tbe transfer in the forest service of the chapter oi sundries to the personal ofa sum of 50,030?., intended to employ the new forest surveyors in the important work of remeasurin' the falls, th 1 surveying of the a menage mens, and w rk to be executed in the forests. This measure is in conformity to thn wish expressed by the last finance cammission. The last part of the hadget, relative to repayment and non valeurs, gives an augmentation of 1,334,2501. It proceeds from -in increase in the direct contributions in cons?quence of the new register of constructions und patents or ad ditional faxes voted by Mnnicip.il Councils. I come, gentlemen, to unrol b fore you the exact statement of the charges of the count! y. The budget presented to yon exceeds by 190,000,OOOf. that which you voted Inst session. Hut we have joined to it exoen s left Jut ot the budget of 1841 to th amount of 40,000,000f., for which we have been obliged to provide by supplementaly credits. With r sp°ct to this mass of expeme , which amounts to l,316,000,0f0f., the sum of the public revenue, estimated at 1,102,000,OOOf. according to the revolts of the present year, offer an insuffi-eje-y amonatiog to 154,000,OOOf. And it the expenses be cftlcolatt' 4 according to a peace establishment • if, setting aai ip th . i. rdiotry charges, we reduce it to a nominal ata- the insu r° ,encv of wa j and ra?aBS 8liU 144 000,0005, IZot i.ic.rJlBftthv intsreets of tke.mer-tissement ef the ne v rent's v 'V h wo propose to cren e. Of ell he facts just offered for your wditations, this call for most attention. A great nation, like ears, can saphor 1 accidental charge t without alarm -And it Is with a y ew to such contioffencies, which the earrapt ot event# will now and the! brior back to existence, tba- W 1 8aal1 e care to atreuirtaen credit, which gins W r °' in it. But when the ordinaty rcwurces ot 8 country cease to ke on i level with ita perwaient chargee, refer i which it claims for a length of time. It is with that view that we submit to you soma fresh reitulatian . r# have considered it just to limit the right of circulation infavonrof tho proprietor ia juit limits, t. e., restrain it to the produce of his hurveet that he destines to his own con sumption. Beyond this it would be privilege, and ought not to b? setfered. The fourth allowed to toe seller iu detail of his own produce is, for the same reason, to he withheld. A gen-na! eystem, too, with respect to tho sals of spirits in town9 ought to he adopted and a new base for the conversion of liquors into alcohol adopted Th# sale of tobacco in 1810 has produced 94,458,0005 The estimate of it for 1842 i. 96,000,0005 The sale ot lands is valued in the estimate of 1842 at 5 357.OOOf the same as in 1610. We hopo from the Pest-office 47,025,5005, the same as that obtained in the last twelve months, diminished by a sain of lOO.OOOf ,by the suppression ot Corsican packet-boats. In tine, the different products, iu which are iucluded certain sp-ciai revenues, such as the retribution of tbe University, and of Algeria, amount to 39.486,5825 This estimate exoeeds that of the last budget by 740,0005 The aug mentation procoeds from tho estimated value of tenders to he d-livcrcd by the War Minister to ihe war and finacce department, and from the increase of the reserve labours, from the expenses of the materiel of marine, venue for 1840. It amounts, as we have already said, to ,161,838,1425 to be divided thus - Francs. Direct contributions 3-ifi 054 6 0 Indirect taxes and revenue. 695.757.500 Pndoee of domains and wood 39,744,500 Diverse revenue and produce 30,281,532 1,161,838.142 It now remains ta consider the extraordinary wiys and mo ms which circumstances call for, nnd which form, with tne disposition, habitually destined to facilitate the servi-'e, the eh ect of the last chapter of the law of receipts. We nk of you, then, to aothoiise as ta Inscribe on the great book of the pnblic debt, and to negotiate with publicity and competition the sum af rentes necessary ta bring to the trea sury, a the result of the op a ration, a capital of 150 000,OOOf Yoa will feet, gentiera-n, with wlut circum?pectlon our ex planations should be aecomnanied on this important m resure, and what reserv Is Imposed on ns to ensure success, in satis fying all the conditions which rule operations of this nature. The facts speak too highly to year lodgment aod to ours, that we are not called on to a tify the great latitude which shou'd h given to the resources 'acod at th dispo sition of govornment You ha p seceded that latitude in times le?s difficult. I twos in 1837 but a secondary consider ation, it is low indisp a nsible. The loan which we ask of yon to authorise should balance, in the first instance, the wants of the treasorv, and finally discharge the expenses of pnblic works and the extranrrtinaries for all services. It will h hown to you l-am'dlately that the 4-50,000,OOOf will b? abso'b-d by the works for which it Is required. In all cos?, the realization ot a loan will not he tmm diato. The Treasury ha? a reserve which is still 120,000,0005, and it is for a goodadmiaistration to increase the balance in chest beyond measure, and onse the loss of fntere t for which na' adequate compensation can he received. Therefore, we '-ave rot demanded any crelit for the service of rentes to be negotiated-we ouly claim the faculty of creating them, if there b? ee#s ity by royal ordinance without waiting lo submit them for legislative sanction at theopsningafthe chase-hors. A to tha cuoice of rentes to bo created, with regard to the price or the periods at which the payments of the loan are to hs mad?, whether we divide the adjudication, or have it done by one affair, it is necessary, gentlemen, that yoa yield to our ministerial responsibility. The conditions which you might impose, would only create difficulties-your confidence in this respect is au absolute condition of success. aUe demand from you a credit of 250,000,0005 in Treasury Bonds. If th# peace b? cou-firmed, as it promises to be, this resenree will permit us to wait to realise or complete the lean wkei our public fundi vulgar saying, cut off their nose in despite of their face, their conduct iu fetching engines, which appear o crazy, all the way from Philadelphia, instead of employing our own skilful workmen in their construction, need excite but little surprise. Fortune docs not seem to hine on this company, but their shabby conduct towards this city will prevent anybody's feeling sorry for disappointed spe culators, whose avarice has o'erleaped itself, and fallen on the other side. -Worcester Chronicle. Fatal Accident at the Vulcan Foun ey. -On Tuesday week, an inquest was held at the Horse and Jockey Inn, Newton, on view of the body of Thomns Harrison, a fireman at the Vulcan Foundry. It was the duty of the deceased to attend to the steam engine at Messrs. Tayleur and Co.'s extensive works, and to get up the steam a little before six o'clock every morning. On Saturday he had done so, and went among the ma chinery for the purpose of nutting the strap on the fan used for blowing the blMt for the furnaces and black smith's fires, when his clothes got entangled, and ho was dragged into the fan. He was driven round with an amazing impetus for some time, and on each revolution of the wheel, his legs, which protruded over the edge, came iu contact with the door, and were literally smashed to atoms. Mr. Dowling, ono of the managers of the works, was the first to render assistance. He was much injured about the body, and the fractures about his legs were almost innumerable. The poor fellow was carried home, and promptly at tended by Mr. Barrow, surgeon, and Dr. Green, of New ton, Mr. Gorton, surgeon, of St. Helen's, and Mr. Pen nington, of Ashton. On Sunday morning he became sensible, and for a time appeared to rally. In the course of that day mortification took place, and at his request both legs were amputated by Mr. Gorton, at lour o'clock in the afternoon. The deceased bore the operation with great fortitude, and survivod until eleven o'clock in the evening, when death ensued. The jury returned a ver dict of Accidental Death. -Blachburne Gazette. A correspondent has furnished us with the sequel to the history of the uxoriously-disposed Baron von Hall-•erg, whose advertisement for a helpmate we inserted seme days back. The bold Baron's word as to his har ness of constitution seems to have been taken so literally, that the number of fair applicants who replied occasioned some press of business at tbe Munich post-office. It is stated that he received upwards of a thousand proposal within u short period. Some waggish editor of a news paper, we suppose for wags will lurk even in the most steady paced circles , alluding to the above-mentioned facts, announced the Baron's intention to give a grand dinner on New Year's Day, to which the fair suitors were one and all to be invited. After grace it was stated that the band would be instructed to strike up the new pa triotic song on the Rhine, Sie sollen ihn nicht haben, Ac. They shall not-shall not have him, Ac. , as the German version goes. Rannoch-Melancholy Occurrence.-A person of the name ot Campbell, who was for some time shepherd on the farm of Liaran. and lived with his wife and family in a very remote place ia the hill called Cor-ribbachaidh nam Fiadh, being an expert angler, and close to Leclterrochd-side, very frequently, when his pastoral avocations permitted him, employed his time in fishing on this lake and having one day caught a large trout, he received no unusual thing a slight scratch from its teeth, when he was in the act of extricating the hook from its mouth. Of this he took little notice at first but as it bled very profusely, and his hand began rapidly to swell, he hastened home to his wife, and they both tried every means in their power to stop the blood, but to no avail. Baffled and alarmed, the poor wife proposed, as a forlorn hopo, that she would go to the Strath for tho assistance of ethers, and having received his concurrence, she started in the middle of the night, and travelled ten miles through a dark and dreary hill, ere she arrived at any human habitation. Greatly fatigued, she came to Liaran about daylight, and, having communicated her alarm, and implored immediate aid, she, in returning, outran the individuals who set out for her assistance, and, with the spend of lightning, flew back to her beloved hus band. But, alas ! what must have been her feelings when she cast her eyes upon th# sad spectacle, which, on her arrival, presented itself-the object dearest to her on earth lying pale in the arms of death, and her young fatherless children crying around him? Few, we believe, were placed in more trying circumstances than this un-fortunate female, and her melancholy and early bereave ment has called forth the sympathy of ail who knew her or heard of her sad story.-Perth Courier. The river Tyne, for ft considerable distance above Sjotswood bridge, westward, was frozen over on Wednes day last. The frost has since given way, so that the navi gation has happily not yat been stopped by the ice.-Tyne Mercury. Lord Crewe is on a visit to Lord and Lady Hathebton, at Teddesley Park, Stafford, where a dis tinguished party is assembled.- Wolverhampton Chronicle. sanction so wicked an extortion ? The eighth and last article is a specimen of the document. Also, the party proponent doth say and allege that the said Joseph Hill, in the years libelled, was a pa rishioner and inhabitant within the parish of K-libelled, and did there hear divine service, and receive the sacrament, together with his wife, yearly, or at least ought so to have done, for which there is due and payable to the vicar libelled at Easter, yearly, or near there abouts, four pence a piece for every communicant, for and in lieu of their general oblations. The vicar, flushed with the euccess of his first suit, in the January following issued the citation in question for the quarter's tithe then due but the demand being under 10 ., the suit was dismissed, as I have before mentioned. The following is Dr. Addants's opinion -I think that the defendant must appear absolutely. If the libel does not set forth that the yearly value of tithe subtracted exceeds 10 ., the defendant must, object to its admission, and then the court unless, indeed, it directs the libel to be reformed in that respect should dismiss the defendant with costs and so, if when the plaintiff having leave to reform the libel, he can't or does not plead the annual value of the tithe subtracted to be above 101. If it pleaded that the annual value of the tithe sub tracted is above 10 ., but that fact is not proved in or disproved by the evidence at the hearing of tha cause, the result, I apprehend, should at all events be, that the defendant is entitled to his costs, though the plaintiff may prove some tithe subtracted and recover accordingly. Signed J. Addams. Doctor's Commons, Feb. 4, 1840. However the result was, that Mr. Hill could not get costs and the idea o ' the defendant submitting to a suit, until the evidence is taken and the cause heard, is so monstrous, that it is better to yield to au illegal de mand, than run the risk of incurring 40 . eosts. 1 am, sir, your obedient servant, Exeter, Dec. 30. II. C. MILLET. MEETING ON BEHALF OF WIDOW YOUNG. At a meeting held at Monmouth on the 28th of De cember, for taking into consideration the best means to be adopted for the liberation of the widow, Sarah Young, now a prisoner in the county gaol of Monmouth, where she has been detained seven months for alleged contempt of the Ecclesiastical Court of I.landaff, whither she was illegally cited at the suit of the Rev. Dr. Lyle, of that place, for 35 10s. said to be due for tithe, the following resolutions wore adopted -That the citation of a poor widow for a small amount of tithe to an ecclesiastical court, contrary to the act made to prevent such proceedings, is both unchristian and unconstitutional. That the Ecclesiastical Court of Llandaff, which has been in the habit of issuing citations for small amounts of tithe, has displayed a want of respect for tbe laws of our candidate a few months ago, by a vastly larger majority than the Liberal party had previously mustered. As for the Jedburgh aud Elgin burghs, we have heard nothing to shake our belief that the Reform party is secure in both. Apropos of the blunders of the Times .-It states in its number of the '24th November, that in the Scotch burghs Toryism had recently made the most splendid progress. As evidence of this it referred to the municipal elections in Musselburgh, Stirling, Dumbarton, Dunbar, Edinburgh and Glasgow. To persons acquainted with Scot land, the selection of examples is very significant. Musselburgh has had a majority of Tory council lors for five or six years through the influence of a single proprietor it is not worse than it was, for the last elec tions gave three Whigs to four Tories and the weight of the burgh may be judged of from the fact, that it contains less than one seventh of the electors, in a district where the Liberals have a majority of nearly two to one ! Stirling lias been most unluckily appealed to. Of twenty-one members of council in that burgh, the Tories have not been able to return more, we believe, than one, or at moat two! This, mind you, is what the Times celebrates as a triumph I Of Dumbarton and Dunbar we have no local knowledge, but we may safely concede that the success of the Tories there ia of tiie same description as at Stirling. In fact, Conservatism has been losing ground in most of our small burghs. In Linlithgow, for instance, there were just three Tory councillors out of twenty-seven, and these were expelled at tha last election. At Glasgow we are told the victory in favour of the church and constitution has been so complete that a Conservative Lord Provost has been unanimously elected, a circumstance which wilt secure the ascendancy of sound principles in that quarter for many years to come. In point of fact, the two parties stand ia Glasgow precisely as they did before the last eieation, without cither gain or loss. They are exactly balanced, or within one vote of being so. In Edinburgh we are told that, at the last elections the Conservatives returned an equal number of coun cillors with the Liberals. After this the force of menda city can no farther go! Even those who are familiar with the bold lies of tiie Times will scarcely believe, what is literally true, that of the twelve members returned at the elections last month, three were Conservatives and nine Liberals! Parties remain just as they were, but the Liberals would have gained at least ona vote at the last election, if the unhappy schism between tiie churchmen and the dissenters had not occarrcd. According to the Times, the d ssenters began fo advo cate tbe voluntary principle about fifteen years ago, be cause they were losing ground, their wealthier members Doing attracted to the more genteel places of worship belonging to the church. Now, dissenters have multi plied as fast within the last fifteen yeats as at any former period, and if they acted from the motive assigned, will the Times be so kind as fo tell us why the voluntary re medy was not resorted to fifty years earlier ? The recent history of the controversy is no secret. The diaseoters, seeing establishments everywhere around them in tho Christian world, only opened their eye. to the full strength and efficacy of their own principles by slow de grees. It was about the period mentioned by the Times, or a little later, that the minds of many of their leading clergymen were sufficiently ripened to adopt voluntaryism openly and perhaps we may take somo credit to ourselves for this result, the Scotsman having advocated the doc trine when fit occasions occurrod, from the first day of country, and exerted a power dangerous to the liberty I ■ existence. By and by, meetings were held and dis-.fiL. l .-a __l 1 La ..4 4. .... ! !. POUrRPB dffllVl of the subject, which ought not to pass with impunity, That this meeting pledges itself, by bringing this par ticular case before Parliament, by petitioning the Legis lature, and by using every lawful means, to endeavour to abolish the power usurped by the ecclesiastical courts. That a committee be now appointed, with power to add to their number.with a view to effect the liberation of the widow Sarah Young, who has already suffered seven months' imprisonment for alleged contempt of the Eccle siastical Court of Llandaff, whither she was illegally cited for 31. 10s., said to be due to the Rev. Dr. Lyle for tithe. That a subscription for currying out the above re solutions be immediately opened. That James Bromage, Esq., banker, Monmouth, be appointed treasurer and Mr. E. Richards, secretary, who is requested to forward the reselutions to the public papers.'' WHO IS THE REV. DR. LYLE l To THE EDITOR OK THE MORNING CHRONICLE. Sir-I shall be obliged by your informing me if the Rev. Dr. Lyle, at present before the public respecting the case of the Widow Young, is the same person as the Rev. William Birkin Meakham Lisle, LL.D., of Tally, garn, in the county of Glamorgan, and rector of St. Fagans, near Llandaff, a gentleman of a very large pro perty. I am, sir, yours, c. Dec. 30, 1840. VERAX. Fire.-Yesterday morning, about half-past two o'clock, an extensive fire breke out In the bed-rooms of the house of a gentleman, named Seely, near Padding ton Church. On the alarm having been given the parish engine was taken to the spot by n party of me tropolitan police this was quickly followed by'engines from King-street and Baker-street, but although a ready supply of water was obtained, and the greatest exertions made to arrest the progress of the fire, a considerable portion of valuable property was destroyed. • The fire originated, it is believed, through a lighted candle having been placed too near the bed furniture. The property destroyed is insured. courses delivered on the subject, and converts were gained the more rapidly in consequence of tiie wide spread disgust excited by the universal hostility of the established clergy to ihe Reform Bill. It was now evident that a change bad commenced, which promised in course of time to sap all establishments. The church men took the alarm, and, to counteract the move ment, started the Non-Intrusion doctrine, which they pretended would cure the admitted vices of the establishment, and give its congregations all the advan tages enjoyed by the distenters, with the further benefit of free seats. The Veto law was carried after a struggle, aad being now awakeaed to the formidable attitude which dissent was assuming, they deemed it necessary to resort to offensive measures, and introduced the church extension scheme, th avowed object of which was to crush d ssent, by planting a placa of wor ship with free sittings at tbe side of each dis senting meeting-house. While this state of things lasted the controversy was hot, and there was a perpetual shower of pamphlets and polemical ser mons, bnt Parliament at length knocked the plan on the head by refusing funds. About the same time the cases of Auchterarder and Marnoch brought the church into collision with the courts of law and the wild men, having their thoughts engrossed by another object, and feeling the necessity of enlisting tb# multitude in support of their schemes, silently dropped their dispute# with tj-, e dissenters, and even began to ply them with blarney. The latter were now relieved from the necessity of defending themselves, and the con troversy of course slackened, but they held, and still hold, meetings from lime to time for the dissemina tion of the voluntary principle, which most certainly never advanced more rapidly thao it is doing at tiie pre sent time. Indeed, the common feeling of the dissenters is, that direct attacks upon the establishment are now little necessary, for the obvious reason that the church, by its rebellious attitude and the arrogance of its preten sions, is hastening its own destruction. The dissenters, however, could not see the franchise perk erted into a means of advancing sectarian domination, qt their ex-to be hoped that some bold Reformer will yet come for ward and, if so, nothing but the ill-timed attempt at dis play by the Auti-Corn-law League can prevent the electors from retaining their independence. It is really pitiable to see men calling themselves Reformers adopting the only course which can defeat their own object. Only think of these man communicating with Mr. Gladstone, in order to ascertain his views upon the corn-laws. Such con duct indicates either sheer knavery or consummate ig norance. They must well know that Mr. Gladstone will not vote for a repeal of the corn-laws, and yet they ask him the question, thereby intimating their intention of supporting him, if they can havo the slightest pretext for 'doing so. Under all these circumstances, there is but one hope left, and that is, that some stern Liberal will vet step forward. I know many of Mr. Lyttelton's friend., feel deeply mortified that he should be compelled tr, resign, well knowing as they da that the Liberal int? rest cannot afford a division amongst them. Completion of the Bible for the Blind.-Tuesday last, the 22d current, will form an important era in the annals of the Glasgow Asylum for tha Blind. On that day Mr. John Alston, primum mobile of this excellent institution, had the satisfaction of exhibiting to a party of 150 an examination of the pupils in the Bible for the Blind, which is for the firit time completed in 15quarto volumes. Amidst the many benevolent persons who have exerted themselves to ameliorate the condition and cultivate the minds of the bliod, Mr. Alston is the first gentleman who has succeeded in printing in relief, from the ordinary Roman capital, the characters formerly in use being either arbi trary, or modifications of the Illyrian or Sclavonic alphabet. At the annual examination of the inmates of the asylum, on 25th October, 1836, Mr. Alston brought out his first specimen of printing from the Roman type and he forth with resolved to raise a fund distinct from that of the institution, to b devoted exclusively ta the printing of hooks, and to their diffusion at a cheap rate throughout the country. In this appeal to private benevolence and public aid, Mr. Alston was not disappointed, and was enabled successively to brin out a number of elementary works, and finally the fs - cw Testament in super-royal quarto size. Tb , encouraged him to still further ex ertion # ,d lie resolved to undertake the laborious work printing the whole Bible, in March, 1839, he had completed the Book of Genesis, in a new type cut for the purpose, the punch# being struck and the types cast I in Glasgow under his own inspection. Before proceed ing further, he visited in April of that year all the insti-! tutions for the blind, and be found in them the utmost will ingness to aid by purchasing such of the different volumes as had been already printed, and were required by them. As the work was one of vast expense, assistance was given by various benevolent societies, but the great lift was afforded by her Majesty, who, in September, 1839, granted the sum of 4005 from the royal bounty for the purpose of assisting in such a meritorious work. Thus aided, the work, as we hive stated, has besn happily brought to a conclusion. The printing is effecled by a copperplate printing press. Th types being strongly relieved, amt liable frequently to give way under tb# heavy pressure required, it has been necessary to have them no less than four times recast during the progress of the work. Thero is in the operative department one man and a boy as positors.who were taught in the institution, and one nress-man, the ordinary teacher acting as corrector of th 1 # press. -Glasgow Herald. Agricultural Labour.-On Saturday an in quisition was taken at the George the Fourth, East-road, before Mr. Cooper, coroner of this borough, on view of the body of William Jolly, aged two years The deceased child was the son of an agricultural labourer, aged twenty-six years, residing in Popjoy's-rents, Gas-lane. H# works at Chestertoo, and his wages amount to only 9s. a week, out of which he has to pay is. 6A a week for rent. He had been out of work lately, and his wife and child were a few weeks since for several days, literally in want of bread. They have but two blankets, one was pawned in the summer, and the other the poor woman was obliged to pawn on Tuesday, the 22d in stant, at a time when the deceased child was suffering from illness. That night it became worse, and died in 'he course of a few hours no medical man was called in, the poor woman being unable to pay for any Assistance of that kind. Tho family, it appears, sleep re , a mattress placed on a brick floor, without sheets or blankets, and with no other covering than an old sack, the man's great coat, and the woman's cloak. I.post mortem examination was made by Mr. Lestourge,,n, jun., from which, and from the other evidence. ',ne jury came to the conclusion that disease, which 'nail terminated fatally, had been brought on by ' l lte inclemency of the weather and the want of sufffo' ien t bed clothing, and returned a verdict ac-cortiimr'y,,-Cambridge Advertiser. Serious Affair.-On Wednesday morning the policeman at Fountainbridgc. in consequence of informa tion he had received, entered a house i Inglis' Entry. I 'ouotainbridgo, the residence of two females, mother and daughter, named Fife. The two females had absconded, but he found on the floor, stark naked, and quite dead, a little girl about eleven veers of age, a natural daugh er o the younger female. None of her clothes werc about the apartment and several mark . app re violence, were observedon her person. The two wcr.? afterwards apprehended and are still 10 ca , ' ■ and the aflair is under Investigation, e unders a the neighbours allege both prisoners were in e a t especially when intoxicated, ot using threatening aa 8 towards the child, and of treating her with grea a -Scotsman. n m J' 'fi, Il I I '•
[OCR_aligned] iulhsld ri i iQv ioUb , nntipal and intern. tunties, wc now hu e ' le-the customs of I i In moral obligation ' THE MORNING CHRONICLE, FRIDAY, JANUARY 1. Morning Chronicle Office, Ten o'clock. lucuulon, the held K°vern. Ig peci,il rovision Ul , d ' 1 course of dischar'gl P w.hout receivino . disposition it xhc ilitv upwards of 4, 00,000f., which successively absorbed @@@@@unds which tbe sinking land left free these grants, . r vt-arly increase, have at length exceeded the pre-@id siaouiitol tbe annual revenue. In short, we have @I aeet extraordinary expenses, which were without doubt Liitied by events, or by the resolutions of the chambers, . r ,icb oblige os in the present state of things, to ted'ia oar calculation a deficit which, though reduced@ the combination of a special law for tbe War anu r,oe ll.partment, still amounts to 500 millions. We must r.K . CONNKCOU, ■C agreed upon cnrrvinu i respect to such handi-'■licit unions of journo r. kn, strikes, and the likj yi t the laws of the cour.. Ii, ns may be guilty of 4ny Ihe conlederate states, to i ci'o shall be taken, ufig, rbucher or travel j oa I'ulation of the law oor-vith the allotted punish, ler and travelling pas ies of the domiciles of th e jail, after undergoing thfont quite black in th® , mler strong convulsions -i-tance in a state of The medical man, on -Ba.rve on civil ponsiO@M for 01,728 francs, and on @@@@military pensions, for 1,350,000 francs, will be but ' , The one ha v for enase the pensions of the em-@@@@°WS of tbe former, regie of the salt'works ot tbe E Bt, the @■ -h most be classed amongst the pensions on th# state, in Mo@s@@@@nce of the cancelling of the lease of the company, The'other results from a more exact appreciation of the s@ntn c -ssary for the payment of military p#nsions@to@gra#t@yearly. ri wa- only customary to carry the nominal credit of inscrip-, tjon @n the budget, without keeping an account of the propc-@sitions which completed the immediate calls of tbe service I it resulted there@from to claim each year's supplementary aliottnen's, which will be avoided henceforth by a more ex@ act calculation, which we submit to yon. We ask for the subvention to the calls@ des retraites of the departmeat or F@maoee a credit of 7,767,000 ., representing the insufficiency of its resources in 1842. The developments in support of tbe budget justity his want of that allotment you will find au exuet appreciation of the probable extinctions and con@ cessions claimed by the necessities of the service. Au ar@ ticle of the law expenses fixes besides the credit of inscription at the sum of l,U40,000f. which does not exceed more than 90,000f. th@ nominal cipher ot anneal concessions. Ttist temporary supplement, with the 280,000f., ndded to the credit demanded lor 1841, will cause tin inscription in arrears brought up to the 31st of December, 1840, and resulting from the re@ strictive disposition of tbe law of the 12tb Aoril preceding. The endowments, fo-ming the said part of the budget, are carried to 16,225,100 f-ancs that is, 253,000 francs leas in 1841. That result is the sequence of the redaction which the subvention allowed to the L glon of Honour experiences, the which decreases from year to year, in proportion to the I extinctions. The budget of justice offers an increase ot 7,050 f which result# irom@snppleiaentary@allottncnts@detnunded I fur 32,800f. and compensated by redactions to the sum of ' 25,250f. The increase is carried to the expenses of the mati -iel el the Council of trtate, on the salary of the Vice-i President, and on the expenses of the Tribunals of I the First instance, which are increased by th# re-I ernt adjuuction to the Tribunal of the Seine of four supplementary Judges and four sworn clerks. The diminution arises from the extinction of seven pasts ol auditors, and by the retrenchment of 20 000 francs, which the situation of the caisse lies retraites of justice allows to be effected on the subvention which it enjoys. The expense of pnblic worship is increased also by the sum of 220,787 francs the following arc the causes@-185,000 r . must be added to tbe salaries and indemaation ot the parochial clergy by the replacing of the old eccle-k op in view that the Treasury supports another deposit j siastics by young non-pensioned priests. A • ipplemeut of 'Vi millions, previous to tbe year 1833, and which has 2,0001. U applied to the rent of the hotel tor the resi-, - , , v u . .. 1 deuce of th? Archbishop of Baris 2 ,000t. are claimed liierto absorb, d, in part, the resource# of the floating debt. , a or i , r , 0 inoreS8e miays and means. Now, feould it not be a folly to reckon on a@ioverplus of receipts when re@t e tkem yearly exceeded by o@n expenditure? You must il.ortrasrk that the adjudication of loans wus@indicated by@tbc i of 1817, a- a subsidiary resource, and allow us to@add, with @h@@@ope that it would never be employed. It is then beyond unfit that tbe system of tbe law of 17th May, reposes eu-@•ely on the resource of tbe sinking fond. A short time @@o, gentleman, the Five per Cents, were so near par that wire oil tbe point of Boeing tbe accumulation of the@re-@@@@@ce@ at an end. Had this taken place, tbe sinking laid, -tend of being of any assistance to the Treasury, would @@ve td-Ud to its embarrassment for it would have become @@o, -arv to borrow far tbe purpose of reimbursing non-@@@n-o idnted funds previously absorbed. It would have @@@omc nsenssary to borrow to continue the works already inuirnccd, and which could not be stopped suddenly, and Isa to borrow to meet the still more imperious u'cessities ng from circumstances. Id presence of such @ventualities, m n of foresight must bare inquired @@@@were possible to continue to contruct c'r-@in engagements founded on uncer@Uin resourc e. Evi-@@@r.iy the system established by the law of May 17, 1837, @@at ci ange with circumstances. We@consequently@sub-@@@l to yo.i two propositions-one to afiect from 1842 the re-@rrve@of tbe sinking fund, to the cxten.loB of tbe depo-@Its of the years 1 840, 1841, and 1842 the other to titborise u loan of 450,000,OUOf. to meet the expenses @d tbe public works belonging to tb# Wur and Ma-l,-e departments. An especial project of law will ke laid iff.-res yon shortly, dividing the total expense of tbe @@rk ' oo a series of years, and fixing for each year a limi@@@@t to be exccedeJ. We have already nnaounced the i spe from th? proposition of the Minister ot Public Instruction. It Is, iu reality, but 113,362f. The surplus of 2G4,800f. represents expenses covered by equivalent rec ipts, hut are i the expanses of primat v schools, and schools of pharmacy ' united to the university by th@ rnval ordonnsucs of j Septwnber, 1840. A sum @t 113,362f. is destined to remunerate a @moth councillor of tbe university, nn4 cer@ tain protssiors of the Normal Seh lol@and College@de France, us well as t'v'o royal colleges, with the exception of 4,OUOf. for the commissioners of police of Ham. The home budg-t presents but diraiuutfons to the amoant@of 74,078''. owing to tbe cessation of the rent of the Tefograpb Hotel. The Home Minister Uemnrda that the union to refugees ha resisted in the list of services voted. Tbe Mi@ nister of Agriculture and Comm rc? demands nn augmen@ tation of 51,7991. for the establishment of Vicbv hut this will be covered by the increase of revenue. The plans for finishing work? of public utility, which we have laid before you, bring back the budget of the Mlnl-ter ol Public Works to its usual proportions but after the uansing of the special law, which will shortly b@ presented to you, the cost of the extraordinary works which shall be authorised for the year 1842 will be included in the Budget of that department, of which it will form a distinct section. The amount required for 1842 shows ua increase of 318,000f, composed of 23,200f on the central administration, of lOO.OOOf for the @nla r ies of the department of roads, bridges, and mines, of 139 OOOf for in-@terual waterways and the superintendence of railways. On the other hand the expense is decreased to the amount of the special credits for finishing the wsrks at th@ Luxemburg and the Hotel Mole. It is expected these w@vks will be c unplete in 1841, and that there will b' no need of a farther nllowuncp. The charg 'B of the War Dipsrtmeat for 1842 ar# estimated at 304,718.3011., of which 40.028.274f. Bre for onr possessions in Africa. Tliess estimates exceed by 113,177,610f. the credits originally opened for the Budget of 1841 but, when compared to the spe@ cial laws rf supplementary credits recently presented, it will be seen that, keeping np the same eff-ctive, the budget ot 1842 is less by 53,238,OOOf@ to that of 1840, asd by 21,718,OOOf. to that of 1841. The credit ol 861,000,000@5 is the cons-queuce of a temporary situation It, however, @onnot be conceal ui that, under the most favourable hypothesis, the reduction there is peril ia not ipeedily applying- a remedy. Lihonrne. In this there are but two modes-reduce expenses or aug-ute it revenue. The r.'dnctiou of expenses has with us ever produced little effect, upd failed in its aim. The reports of commissions attest it. It is only in increasing the budget that we can bring revenue on a level with expenditure. Yet we do not propose new taxes, nor yet the Hugmentstion of tariffs. There is something first to be tried. Onr centributive system, in my opinion, ought to suffice for the permanent wants ol the country. But among onr fiscal laws, some ooght to bi adapted to the changes in eur social state. There are some which have heen relaxed, anil hence voids and inequalities, which otfonrt public morals and equity as much as the interests ot tbe Treasury. We present measures herewith to strengthen the receipt ot taxes and generalise the application of them. We shall immediately ask for a new law to ensure tbe col@ lection of the stamp-iinty, and other taxes of the kind. It is time to remind citizvns@of a social duty, too little respected. No one has a right to treat taxation as an enemy it ought not to he eluded, but submitted to. In enumerating the different branches of the revenue, I shall be •bilged to speak of reform and ameliorations. The sum of direct csntribntion for 1842 is estimated at 806,054,fll0f. t of which 28fl,030,110@5 are applied to the ge@ neral services of the budget,and 110,024 500@5 to departmental and parochial expenses. The 5,377,8001'. or excess, which this estimation shows, compared with the budget of 1841, m y be divided into two eqnal parts of which one, resnltiDg from the increase of the taxes and patent payers, is added to the profit of tbe general fond, and the other, representing th# augmentation in depart@ mental and local taxation, must be omitted in that specifi@ cation. As to indirect taxes, we must take onr estimates from the most recent facts and returns. The duties on registry have produced, in 1840, 192,845,400@@5 6,000.000@5 more than the preceding year. Takiog this re@ suit for the basis of our valuations, we are confident that the progress of industry and commerce will cause this branch of our revenue to increase and prosper. We will also pro@ pass same ameli@smtions. A inode of regulating the duty on the transference of cfflees will be comprised in the law of recettes for 1842. Tb# law ot 1832, has proportioned this tax to the security money@ which is indiscreet. Tbe laws to be proposed will remove this incurrectne?# and inequality, and im@ prove this branch of the public revenue by full 800,000@5 Tha stump duty glv s a revenue dispreportioned to the progress of affairs@ The increase of this tax is too small, and attests tbe insufficiency of legislation. The circulation of unstamped bills has resisted penalty and legal prohibition, und a severer system has been re-cstntnended by tbe late Parliamentary C#mstission. By imitating the energetic sanction that a neighbouring nation has given to its Legislature la this respect, an im@ per bint increase of revenue may be secured@ A committee is now employed examining tbis@questlov, and is preparing a law, that will be ready this session. In the meantime wo estimate the stamp daty bat for the sum of 34,250,080@5, the same as the @um which it give in 1839 A diminution of 635,000@5 is providod for bv the produce of the domains and ol the mobilising objects belonging to the state, valued at 5,044,000@5 We shall, however, realise ia the course of 1842 a portion ot the prica of tha do@manial salt@ mines of the east, which will be fur sale so in after the liquidation of the present exploitation but the receipts will b? weakened, on tbh oiu r hand, by the cessation ot accidental causes, and by the alienation all bat entirely consummated of the einmeublcs sad of the available property arising from the former extraordinary domaia. The produce of tbe foils of wood of th@ state is car@ ried In the budget for the rim uf 30,312,500@5, which it has bean valued at for 1841 it is the tniaa receipt of th# years 1838, 1837, and 1833, which have been generally favourable to the trade of wood. Notwith@ standing the foil occasioned in 1839 by the bad working of tbe forges, tbe admiaistration estimates that by tseans of the amelioration of the routes foresticres,.and by the as@ sistance of the conservators of the sales, it will obtain the receipt intended. Respecting the m?aa produce of the forests, and the right of fishing, the valuation is carried to 2,807,500@5 it exceeds by 204,000@5 that of last year, and is based on the increase realised in 1838 arid 1839, for 319,OOOf@, and compensated up to 115,000@5 by some reductions. The actual mod# of recovery, for the benefit of the treasury, o@t'he expanses of tbe administration, of the woids@of@com-tnuries, and of th# public establishments lias caused nume@ rous claims to bo ina le, and the inconvenience thereof has been detailed at length by your list @omimssion of finance, in Its report on ways and means of 1841. The law of 1791, which place! those woods under the same regime as ■he domtnial Isivs, attributed t@ the Treasury, to cover it of tba expanses of their administratioa, a decline by franc on the produce of what is cut and sold, and posterior laws added dati s tor that cut naturally. In 1827 the project of the Code Forestier propisel the maintenance of that syst#ni with Home modifications but an amendment to article 106 introdne-d in that respect an essen'ial alteration, by sub@ stituting for the produce of tbe falls an additional tax to the contribution foueiere established on timber, and divided pro rata that contribution. Tnis Hew mode, which made a tax weigh oo certain department@ much heavier than the disbursements with which it bad to indemnify the Trea@ sury, provoked complaints which it wsa necessary to justi'v, in th? fi-st place, by local enactments, ami in short, in 1837, by u legislative disposition which annulled the Code Forestier, by which each department would be taxed no longer with a proportionate contingent, but with the nmount of th# expenses for the administration of the timber. That sys'ern did not engender less claims than the pre@ ceding one they arose from localitiee where the wood ground is less productive, and some of which see the re-v tiae of their timber entirely absorbed by the expenses @f the administration. Your commission of the budget was struck it reemmaanded to the government to make a special study of tbe basis which ought, for the future, to be adopted for the division ot the expenses of the ad@ ministration of the timber of communes and of public establishments. Tiiat analysis has indaced as to ac@ knowledge that there exists, at the bottom of ex@ perienced systems since 1827, a cause tor illegality and eomDlaint, which cannot disappear but by toe return to tbe true principles of tbe @Wx. It is in pronortion to the revenue that it must be established, and on the revenua itself, as often as it can b@ appreciated and attained. Wherefore the revenue of tiaiber is exactly repres mted by the price of the sales, and bv the value of the animal deliveries to the i affsnogister. We propose, consequently, to re-establish tiie annual leee oo that produce, as under th? regime of th? law of 1791, bnt by reducing it to a twentieth, instead of I have attained the prices which we consider belong to them@ Gentlemen, yoa how khow the whole of@anr finnockjtl sitgatiei Yon Have under your eyes a complete jiicture of our watH , and the resources we have prepared to meet them. The views which we now snbrait may be summed up ia a fow words. The Government believes in place, und because it so be@ lieves, it does not ask of you to stop the progress given, for same years, to the works of peace. In this view we make an appeal to credit-the resources which we ask, in waiting till their normal destination be accomplished, will yield to the treasnry a temporary assistance, and aid in bearing the weight# of oar deficits, which will ha covered by degrees by the consolidation of the successive reserves of th# Sinking Fund. It is by taxes that we provide for the expenses of our civil and military state, increased by the accidental charges imposed on us by the political situation of Europe. Bat la order that these taxes bs sufficient, it is necessary to fortily them by divers measures, which we wi'.i submit successively to your sanction, and which, in suppressing fraud and generalising farther the benefit of proportional equa@ lity, will assnre to th# treasury most abundant results@ The financial system ol tha government should be the faithful expression of Its political sy t m. The budget, which we present to you, has been conceived in the spiiit of peace and the preservation of peace, which I and my colleagues have acc@pted In taking uoon ns the re@ sponsibility ot affairs. This task, gentlemen, we would have declined, if we had not the intimate con@ viction that a good understanding between the great Powers of Europe might be confirmed und maintained en conditions honourable and sure to our country. If our con@ f@Uence is not ill-founded, a iittl# time and a few effort# will suffice to replace in our budgets a durable equilibrium, and restore the prospnritv of our finances. That, gentlemen, is neeessary to enable France to maintain its elevated rank among Hitious. permasent in- ! u decline by Iranc it is the object of article 5 of the project •V' ' r ™ ! sheets of paper, and commcnc s, In the name of God. im 4 000 OOOf. ■ f l' w on t 1 receipts, the mitws of whiebpuud the ad van- oetter than those made in England. After they had nmnn w 'j i p . n i P mn thiahhsnhomoua Droatitution of War explain ' ta es, will h more umply detailed to you jn the develop- I played fast and loose with the people of Worcester in such , f f . Ai m ,vhtv Giver of all eoodness to m H a r y barns' j annexed fo .the budget, Tne Treasury Urecerer a very, honourable manner-after,, to gratify their hatred LT'lck d' SrtL? ™# ei h andfoM The Royal Paras.-The following new ar@ rangements relative to the keepers and the distribution of venison from the Royal Parks, appear in the annual re@ port for 1840 of the Commissioners of Woods and Forests, which is just published Various complaints having been made both as to the quality and supply of the veni@ son from the royal forests and parks by the parties who have hitherto, with the sanction of the Sovereign, been permitted to receive the same, we received direc@ tions from the Lords Commissioners of her Maieitv's Treasury to make inquiries into the supply and distribu@ tion of the venision from each of the royal forests and parks, and to advise their lordships as to the measures which should appear to us to be the best adapted to remedy the evils complaiocd of. Tne result of these inquiries was such as to induce their lordships to sub@ mit to her Majesty the expediency of placing the whole supply, including that for the royal table, under the supervision and direction of this board that the keepers should not be allowed to receive the fees and perquisites which heretofore had made a considerable portion of their income, but that they should be paid annual fixed salaries that they should be res'rioted in the keep of cattle in the parks to one or two caws, and to n sufficient number of horses only for the proper exe@ cution of their duties, to which they should devote their whole time and attention and that they should send to the parties having her Majesty's venison the whole buck or doe, except the held, skin, and offal. Hor Majesty,was graciously pleased to signify her ap@ proval of these arrangements, and we were authorised by the Lords Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury to carry the same into effect. For that purpose it has been found necesstry, under the sanction of the Lords Com inis,toners of her Majesty's Treasury, to discon@ tinue the services of some of tho old keepers, and to award them superannuation allowances in proportion to their length of service. To Lieu-@ten nit-Colonel Chester, who held the office of clerk of the venison warrants, their lordships have sanc@ tioned a rotired allowance of 150 . per annum and to the gentleman who acted as his deputy, 30@@ per annum. A warrant for her Majesty's approbation and signature is prepared at the commencement of every season, which includas the whole supply for the saason und warrants to the respective keepers arc issued by us to the parties mentioned in the said warrant, on their paying at our office a foe of 1 . 6s. for a buck, and 13s. for a do# and the sums so collected are applied to the payment of tha keepers' salaries and the retired allowances. W# have reason to believe that this arrangemont will not be at@ tended with any considerable charge upon tbe funds of our department, and that it will fully answer the purpose for which it has been put in force. The American Engines on the Gloucestrr and Birmingham Railway.-Two accidents happened upon this line on Saturday morning last, to tho train which leaves Gloucester for Birmingham at eight o'clock ia tiie morning, both fortunately unittended by any other consequences to the passengers than delay in both we hear to th# American engines. The first took piac# soon after the train left the Spetchley station, and, fortunately, before a high velocity was attained. One of the small wheels of the engine broke, to the great alarm of the passengers as well as of the driver and steker, who jumped off' tiie engine, and, providentially, escaped without injury. The train was necessarily delayed until another engine was procured from Spetchley. This second engine took the train safely to within some few hundred yards of Camphill Station, whsrc the fire bars, and, consequently, the fire, tumbled out upon the road, leaving the train to be hauled to its destination by some forty or fifty men, after a delay of some hours. We have since learned that another accident fortunately un-@attended with injury to life or limb occurred on Monday by tha breaking of another of the small wheels. These, we presume, are the engines which the company sent for all the way to Philadelphia, and which, front that circum@ stance, it might be imagined, were expected to be of a very superior construction and enduring quality. However, these repeated accidents do not say much in their favour, and would seem to show that Jonathan can get up things on the cheap and nasty system as well as ourselves. It was a pity the company should go to a rival country for engines, which should be after all no L. E. L. To the EDITOR oe the MORNING CHRONICLE. Sia-In all the London papers of the 25th instant, there appeared a report of so.ne proceedings at the Lant-betb-street Police-office tho day before, in the course of which Mrs. Bailey erroneously called by the reporter Moroner made some extraardinary statements respecting the conduct of individuals said to have called upon her for the purpose of extractiog information respecting the death of the late Mrs. L. E. Maclean, and of obtaining from her certain important documents which Mrs. Bailey hinted she had in her possession. I had previously heard the same tale from Mrs. Bailey herself, and, as the only friend of Mr. Maclean in town, ' was engaged, when the above report appeared in the pa@ pers, in examining the statement with the care required by the woman's position and past conduct. I was aware that she had been closely questioned, on her return home thirteen months ago, as to her knowledge of the circum@ stances attending Mrs. Maclean's death, by the relatives of both Mr. and Mrs. Maclean, and that she had been also rather eagerly canvassed by some other parties, who have wished-1 will not venture to conjecture from what motives-to raUrepresent the causes of that lamented event. I also knew that nothing had been elicited from hor by the friends or enemies of either party to give the slightest colour to the calumnies put forth on the subject. I felt surprised, therefor#, on being told by Mrs. Bailey that renewed inquiries had been made of her under circumstances so extraor@ dinary by persons refusing to give their names, and still more surprised at some of the improbable details of her story. Finding, however, that she had brought the matter under the notice of the police, 1 determined on having the statement thoroughly Investigated, and for that purpose applied to the commissioners for their assistance in the matter. Colonel Rowan very promptly and politely ap@ pointed Inspector Hughes of the A division to conduct the inquiry-a full report of which i9 in the hinds of th# commissioners. I merely inclose the result-an admission on the part of Mrs. Bailey of the entire falsehood of her statements. I hereby declare that the statement which 1 made to Mr. Norton, at the Lambeth Police-office, on Thursday last, to the effect that l had been visited by different persons, some of them apparently of distinction, coming in their carriages, and requiring me to give up documents which I alleged to have in my possession, in reference to tho death of the late Mrs. Maclean, is entirely unfounded that no such persons called upon me, and that I am pos@ sessed of no sueh documents or papers of importance, but merely the statements of what took place when I arrived. I very sincerely regret having been led by the public ex@ citement on this subject to invent these stories. It is tru# that I embarked with Mrs. Maclean as her personal servant at Portsmouth, and attended her in that capacity up to the time of her death at Cape Coast Castle but I hereby solemnly declare that I never saw or heard of anything to justify the calumnies which have been circulated against her husband on the subject ol liar death. I neither saw nor heard of any ill-treatment, nor do I believe Mr. Maclean capable of any of those things which 1 have heard laid to his charge by public rumour. Ellen Emily Bailf.y's mark my name , E. B. Witnessed the above initials, signed by Mrs. Bailey, in presence of her mother, Mrs. Moroner. Signed Samuel Hughes, December 31,1840. Inspector A. division. It is singular that the first of the calumnious fables founded on the death of Mrs. Maclean, susceptible of ac@ curate examination, should have terminated in so speedy and complete an exposure of the author. Would that the cowardly insiouators who have so deeply wounded the feelings of the unfortunate husbind had reduced their stories, even in any one instance, to a form sufficiently tangible to admit of similar analysis and refutation ! I am sorry to add that I have reason to believe that the extraordinary fabrications of Mrs. Bailey are not the last links which remain to be broken of the chain of falsehood by which it has been sought to enthral the character of my friend for the sako of pandering to the public appetite for scandal. But his absenco from this country, added to tho iadofinite nature of the charges against him, have hitherto afforded impunity to his libellers, which it may not be safe for them always to rely upon.-I am. Sir, your obedient servant, M. FORSTER. New City Chambers, Dec. 31, 1840. CHURCH AND STATE IN SCOTLAND. A TRACT FOR THE TIMES. raoit the Scotsman J The Times had two long articles last week on our Non-pensc, and to their degradation, , without entering their energetic protest against the parties who did this, and tha government which abetted th.m in it. They are entitled to speak boldly, for they stand upon nigh g'round they 1 lf C4 liau IWO 1 vug aiHGUC l Sl VII UUI xUll- I I - M Intrusion controversy, and otlffer collateral topics, remark- j a im P e J u ce, and nothing more, able for ignorant blundering and unscrupulous mis-state- ' ments, and well exemplifying the nonsense and absurdity which can be palmed on the people of England respecting Scotch affairs. We shall notice a few of the leading points, and first for blunders -The Times informs us, that there is a certain constitutional newspaper in Edinburgh, which, though zealous in reprobating the general policy of the Whigs, advises its readers to oppose every Par@ liamentary candidate who declines to go all lengths in supporting the ultra Non-Iotrusionists. We thought we had a tolerable knowledge of the Edinburgh preis, but wc confess wo can discovor no such newspaper as the one here described. 1 here are three papers zealous enough in reprobating the policy of the Whigs, tit# Advertiser. Post, and Standard, but they arc equally zealous in repro@ bating the policy @f the Non-Intrusion party@ There arc two papers which advocate the views of the latter parly, the Mercury and H'ifness, but they are botli decided' friends to tbe present government. The certain con@ stitutional newspaper in Edinburgh' has no existence@ except in the imagination of the omniscient Times' The dissensions in the church are deplored as marring the hopes of the Conservative party, which ar@onow@.it seems, brighter than ever in proof of which we are favoured with the following precious morsel of mandauious nonsense -@According to our information, there is now sufficient strength in the cities of Perth and Aberdeen, as well as ia the district constituencies of Elgin, Inverness, St. An@ drews, and Jedburgh, to ensure tho return of Conserva@ tive members at the next election. Erom a paragraph which lately appeared in our paper, we also learn, that at a recent dinner at Cheltenham, Major Anderson the Conservative candidate for the Lanark boroughs not only announced his absolute certainly of unseating Mr. Radical Gillon-a statement which the late registrations in that quarter completely confirm, but further declared his conviction, that no fewer than six seats in the south and west of Scotland were at present ready to rid themselves of their several ministerial occupants. Wc believe this to be strictly true and the scats in question, as wc suppose, arc those I dates for the representation of Walsall, as ta the repeal of Argyllshire Dumbar onshtre Kirkcudbright, together of the corn law. We have put the question to Mr. Lyt-with those of the district boroughs of Ayr, Dumfries and j telton, and wc have aleo respectfully to request the £ W wn ' ... , D .... courtesy of your reply by letter, or that you will favour u@ w, as to the cities of i erth and Aberdeen, wc can with a personal interview Wc have the honour to he, affirm with perfect confidence, that if the Liberal church. ! sir. your obedient servants, WALSALL ELECTION. Birmingham, Wednesday Night. TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTOBS Ot THE SOKOL H OP walsall. . Gentlemen-When I had the honour of first address, @mg you, offering myself a candidate to represent thia borough ia tbe Commons' House of Parliament, 1 calcu. lated with confidence on the undivided and zealous sup@ port of every class of the Libaral part . i have now completed a personal canvas@ of the electors, and 1 regret to say that, in many instances where I had every reason to expect prompt and cordial support, I have ir.et with cither lukewarm neutrality or decided opposition, in addition to these discouraging circumstances, I have had to encounter the avowed hostility of the ageats from the Anti-Corn-law League deputed to oppose me, and whose opposition has destroyed my chance of being returned as your representative, by dividing the Liberal interest. Nothing but a firm conviction of the hopelessness of suc@ cess founded upon these obstacles, would have induced me to relinquish my prospects of representing your borough, but l am now persuaded that any continuance of this strug@ gle in the present state of parties would only injure the cause to which l am pledged. In retiring from the present con@ test, I beg to return my most sincere and heartfelt thanks to those honest and consistent Liberals who have rendered me their able assistance and support.-I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your most faithful, obedient, and hum@ ble servant, Spencer Lyttelton. Walsall, Tuesday Evening. Walsall Election lo order to prevent any pos@ sible misunderstanding on th# subject, Mr. Gladstone'! friends think it right to publish a latter which he received from three gentlemen, calling themselves a deputation from the Anti-Corn-law League, together with his reply thereto. ' George Hotel, Dec. 28, 1840. ' Sir-Wc have been deputed by the ' National Anti-@Gorn-iaw League' to ascertain the opinions of the oandi-men nod dissenters act together as heretofore, no Con@ servative candidate lias the slightest chance of success. Nay, though there has been no want of overtures from persons of that party, so hopeless is tiie cause felt to be, , that we greatly doubt if any one of them will come to the scratch when an election takes place. If Major Anderson uttered the words which the Tune, I O I William Kawbon. ' Archibald Prentice. ' James Act and. @To J. N. Gladstone, Esq., tec.' attributes to him, his future eoguotnen ough . to be Mayo Longbow! This gentleman vapoured j n the same stele in ' George Hotel, Walsall, ' Tuesday Morning, Dec. 29, 184 1. ' Gentlemen-I had the honour to receive your , Q , . , - . , • - ......... j letteref yesterday at nine o'clock last night. To the 1837, but took special care not to bring his vapouring# to ! electors und inhabitants of Walsall I shall at all timc9 b the proof when the election afforded him an opportunity, j most ready to explain my opinions on ail questions of We know the state of parties in the Lanark and Falkirk j public interest but I cannot recognise the right of the burghs at least as well as this Major Longbow, and we can . Anti-Corn-law League, or anv other league, to send de-assurc him that, it ho contest the district with Mr. Gii- put.ations to catechise candidates, or interfere in the ion on the present registrations, he will be beaten by u I politics of places to which thev are strangers, majority of a hundred at the least. I ■ 1 shall take every opportunity to explain publicly v lien such is the Major'sdeclining to enter upon lessness of tho statements as to the three counties would i the subject of the Corn-laws.-1 have the honour to be. ECCLESIASTICAL COURTS. FURTHER PARTICULARS OP MR. HILL'S CASE-PRACTICE OF THE ECCLESIASTI@ CAL COURT. To the EDITOR of the MORNING CHRONICLE. Sia Mr. Hill has been the victim of two tithe suits in the Exeter Ecclesiastical Court, in both of which may be seen the worst features of this iniquitous tribunal. The first suit arose from his vicar claiming agistment tithes, which Mr. Hill alleged were exempt under his composition. The vicar demanded a certain sum fixed on by his surveyor and would never give the particulars of the amount. Mr. Hill, refusing to pay unless ho knew what the d -ntand was for, was cited on the 24th of September, 1839. On the 11th of October the !ib l was filed but this de@ claring generally like a bill in Chancery , and not specifying the particulars of tithe due, of course it could not be seen what wore the Items in dispute, and rather than wait @or the issuing a commission to take evidence, when the expenses would be 30@5 or 40 ., Mr. Hill yielded to the vicar's demand, and paid 11 . costs, although only the second step in the suit had been taken, and the have been obvious if the worthy gentleman had gone into any details. The representative of Argyllshire beat his opponent at the last election by a majority of 250. This was in IS37,@and the whole registrations from 1830 down to 1840 have only added 58 voters to the roll! We doubt, too, if Monzic's strange freaks have raised him in the estimation of the electors. It is equally well known that no change has taken place since Mr. Murray's recent triumph in Kirkcudbrightshire, which can endanger his seat and if there be any such Conservative gain in tho county ol Dumbarton as to shake the security of Mr. Colquhoun, we would surely have heard of it through some more authentic channel. The same remark will apply to tho burghs of Wigtown, Ayr, and Dumfries. Had Conservatism achieved any victory there, our contemporary the Aiver. @User would have sung pa@ins over it long ere this. As for tho Wigtown burghs, which were Liberal before, there is not a doubt that the transference of the vast estates of the Earl of Stair from a Tory to an excellent Whig, has rendered the ascendancy of Liberalism still more secure in that district. The whole statement, in fact, as to these counties and burghs, is a piece of pure imagination, pro@ ceeding from the brains of Major Longbow, and swal@ lowed by the gullible Cockney editor, wc verily believe. from pure ignorance. Of course, tiie Times says nothing about the counties of Caithness und Wigtown, which it is gentlemen, your most obedient servant, ' J. N. Gladstone. To Messrs. Rawson, Prentice, and Aeland.' from a correspondent. Walsall, Thursday Evening, Four o'clock. As you are aware, Mr. Lyttelton, the only Liberal candidate who offered himself to the electors of this borough, hat been compelled to resign the contest by the misconduct of tho Anti-Corn-law gentry. Mr. Foster, jun., was pre@ vailed upon by them to come forward in their interest, but he has also declined, and the field is now in the un@ disputed possession of Mr. Gladstone. The utmost tom@ foolery is being played off by Mr. Aeland, tho Anti-@Corn-law Lecturer, and Mr. RawsonJ and Mr. Prentice, through whose mischievous interfereaee the bereugh ia reduced to its present condition. A meeting was held last night at the Dragon Assembly Rooms, convened by Mr. Aeland, for the purpose of considering the position ia which they were placed by Mr. Foster, jun., declining to stand. After a great deal of nonsense, it was announced by Mr. Aeland that the Anti-Corn-law League would not scad a candidate unless there was a requisition sent from the electors. A requisition, miserably sigaed, was got up. and sent off express to Manchester, and, while 1 am now writing, a new candidat# is expected, la the event ot the League not sending up a man, Mr. Aeland will stand next to certain will be rescued from the Conservatives at the contest, without the least possible chance of tho next election! It is hinted that if the Torias were at one on the church question, they might oust Mr. Kllicc from the Fife burghs. This piece of intelligence is surely from Major Longbow too, for it bears his mark. The truth is, the Liberal party is more securo in these burghs than it was at the last election. It is, in fact, too strong to lie as@ sailed. success. A meeting is announced for this evening, at eight o'clock, at the Dragon Assembly Rooms, when Mr. Aeland is to address the handful of electors who may meet him. Whilst this worse than twaddling nonsense is going on, the Tories aie all alive and turning every incident to account. Mr. Glad@ stone has gone through a good deal ef his canvass, and hie committee announce that he has received promises of 70 In the Inverness burghs Mr. Morrison beat the Tory i votes more than won the last election. It is, however. increase of effective forces produces a crease width does not amount to less than The particalars published by the Minister in detail the increased expenditure tbe cinses may ...- ,- . , ■ _ , . , - . ■ - • # -'Uinin 'd up. The increase of b@odies and the increase of the sum nearly equivalent to its expanse of administration,' towar ds what they foolishly and narrow-mindedly re-tbe effective mea and horsp have increased the annual . ® n which we include in onr valuation for l,.job. uu. i yarded ai a rival citye within G 1 ' m 'fo of@@ prudent foresight the @bi'gation? imposed on the 'f'easary by Ihe 5th article of the @@w of the 7th and 10th of June, l 33 - It will p-rhaps@here @e objected that, should our rentes 8 e balow par, the re-ptiircee of the sinkiug fund will net ■ - available for the @■rehnation we intend. This is true-but wbat wo@ d srise ■hereupon ? Why, the extiactiea of the d. Gcitss woald be •lightly prolonged, and the floating debt, w 't the @bUsticity which belongs to it, would easily provide Jor it. @'# will moreover observe that the re onrce9 of .'bisoCht -ee 61 te considerably increased by the negotiation of th@ lonii gation propose attribntiog to the expense of tbe works. This @@at be the ease. The prodnee of tbe loan, the entry ot @n- h will precede the consummation of the expenses to iniet it is applied, will nid the Treasury to snpport the 'eight of tbe deficits. The progressive extension ofthem 'ill be combined with the progress of the public works, so as @u leave no chance of perturbation ill the service. The mca-@tire whi rb is the object of our second proposition, appears @0 us to be founded in principle, aad useful in its appli-@@utioe. Itr ason and justice require that tbe future, which Gi@l @-o@Ht of the enterprises of public utility, should sup-@@i?t tb? greatest part of the expense which they occa-@@'0m. Public credit will answer our anp'al, if we reqaire aspital, but to Incorporate it with tiie civil und to increase @be opulence of i Vatic?, the security of her creditors. You @@ot also remnrk that, when the public works are to be paid @1 tbe loan, th? ro.Vs of expenditure must n cessarily be @1 portioned to the effective measures, and kept within cer-ilti@ bonnds whereas if, on the eoutrary, the resources of @i? sinking fund arc employed, a vague idea of an exhuust-@@@@M resource leads to expens' not always commanded@@@ the general interest of the cooBtry. Among the @@rks that tbe Administrations of Mar and Marin@@@@e about te undertake, some do uot deserve the qualitt-@@etion of extraordisary. Th y are, nevertheless, of such I nature that the expense once made will not again occur @o! this consideration appears sufficient for them to be I@tHuded in the project ot law which will@shortly b@ laid bc-@' rp vou. Another motive induces ns to act thus. Tiie snrms und the making of powder 4,218,OOOf for the troop# iu huts 5,820,000@5 for fortificati' ns and buildings fir the us@ of the military 890,000@5 on account oi the increased price of materials aid jirovisions and about 4,000,000@5 for nnprovina th# supply ot the wauls of the urray in Africa@ The Minister ot War keeps up, for 1842, the aannnt of 1,050,000@5 the credit intended as n provisional amount for military pensions, and which is the oojset of a special law. This la w reproduces in the same terms as the@prec vllng tho article relating to the special and extraordinary wo-k to he executed in Algoria, hot it pro@ poses some qjodi@heations In the heads @f the services In tbe war department, for which sapplimentary credits may he opened by royal ordinances it additonally lnclndes the purchase of tuo , which has hitherto been included In prepared rations,but which it is better to@state@sppcittcally then the pay of reform, which is to appear in the votes as well us the psy of non-activity, which is included therein salaries of the men employed ia' the manufacture ef powder and salt-@pe@ue, nn expense which Increases iu proportion to the amount of demand. The naval and colonial department re@ quires 127,390,400@5, but this includes a sum of 14 millions, j quite an accidental receipt, a renewal of which is not to be desired we fear no mistake iu admitting au equal revenue lor 1842. In short, the-cbeupuess of provision , by ex@ ploding foreign cor@o.ciu hut favour other consumotioDs pro@ ductive for the Treasury. The law ot the 31 ot Jaly last, on the sugars, insures us b-sides a more than snlticl.nt coinp'H'ation, 87 admitting only the valuation of the duties to collect on tha exotic sugars, such as has been nlopted for the budget of 1841. The indirect contributions have been valued according to the realiza@ tions of the year 1840. First, resp-cting colonial sugar, we thought to be enabled, by the progressive develop@ ment of th? manufacture, to udd three millions of kilo@ gramra-s to the quantities produced by the last crop. Vc, therefore, calculate that the new daty of 25@5 reckoned upon a q@mntity of 27,000,000 kilogrammes, the which, united to 81.000 000 supplied by exoiic sugars, will bring tc 107.000. 000,@the mean consumption of the last five years@ Hence arises for th# contributions indirecles, not including th? tobacco, a total receipt of 139,350,000@5 It would offer 36.000. 0005 to 40,000,000@5 more, if at the end of the year 1830 the tariff's en beverage had not been reduced one-third. The t v nlic revenue no longer sufficing for the ©rdinjry necev-h.vs@of the state, it is n ees ary as well as regular to exo-@@@•ate the budget from the expenses which ere not Hgain to @ske e'ace. It is hut by acting in this manner thnt@w@'shall ' hi,' to propsse that equilibria!! which you ask us to re-a s@@h ish, mid which it is @ur duty to effect, unless prevented @@@@uliti.'al necessities, ientlemen, the plan we submit to @■ar disce-omeut is very siinp'e, and the lo'iowing rnnv be -idcred @3 a sumraarv ot its results -You will efface ' th the Sinking Fund, if circumstances favour@ tha riedieits of 1840, 1841, and 1842, In the pure of a fow years at the end of which F a will find this powe-fnl resource increased by corn-p@ md interest. Y u will secure@th? termination of tbe@great @''ks of public utility bv @a s and means not expos-d to 11 ire. Independentlyo@lthes@orevaits,vouchii,if.'aerge'icallv ktl ted, increase th? revenue of the state so us to equal Its -ej'. lti's, without creating new taxes or augmenting tariff @■lice. 'Te will exp'.ai t tbia when we speak ol r-eeipts. I @ave nr. w to refer 11 the nec-s itiea of th? year 1842@ lu @@• appreciation of public expenses, we have endeavsured to fet'lude lrom the law of ii sauce no ordinary expens?, and @@@@lo render anv supplementary credits necessary by f-iens or in-HViv? estimates@ All tbe vxpensea re-@@@?r@d to keep our civil and military organizttioii are in-@fi l-d in tbe hodg-t @@More you we have Included therein forest of the sinking food bonds, the allowances for @F-'s-rsiou fund, and 01 her expense@ not contained in for-@■'budgets. Tre bndgot of 1842 .v' y therefore be coa-'fod as a faithful and e-i !UD 'etetable @@@the ordinary neces. ef tho state. Ve hi 0 omitted the expenses of P'T@tordionry public works. Hjt @l does noi enter into @@p thoughts that this b-imr place,J in P special budget @@' ruts them being included @@Uo in . he gtaersl one. Af@@@@@ the vote of the law of expense@ the emu D'signed t@ @@'h will he inserted in the genera! budget. The @@@@@c debt presents @n with the icaaiog service@ @@@lb we have to pass in review. It figu@@' 49 @H@ budget under tour divisions-the consolida@@@ @' t, loans tor canal- and other work-, easi 1 @timbursed in different ways, @nd annuities. I-e. n'mlnientsliavo reduced tbe@amoant@ot Five par Ceuta r-'u-i b 2 8115, while the Three per Cents, have Increased 44f. t y 1 he indemnity to emigrants. On tbe other aide, the f'Ms've c msolidation of the reserve of the sinking fand pfo ! t th. 1 credit demanded for tbe Four per Cants, by a P® @1 13,004,3575, composed of 11,122,357@5 demanded as a foment of .'ell, and ot 1,94!,000@5 tor the service ef lgyj. 'inking fund, with it@edotution of 44,616,463@5 prem@,@@@, it? rentes bought out. will dispose, in 1842, of a suai - ''7c, ..'f. Let ns congratulate onrsvlvea ou onr having @r J'tved tb's puissant made of Jiteration. It is most @@I ?! ti u? under present circumstances, aod it at once fore '• 's public credit aod aide the Treasury. The charge of which, according the special law of July 10, 1840, is tj be - - .. . . ... applied t? the building of steamers for transatlantic nuvi- j advan'ugfl? attached to the tsxsflf eonsmnpti in, niacins gition and the preparations for the service. If this tarelly follow the progress of pablic prosperity, inade It b. preparations occidental cause of esnsase be deducted, which is not a ivi-nlnr expens ■ attached to the riyal nsvy, tbe credit for l '?eH?r4 and colonial establishments is reduced to the snot of 1 , 4290,400@5 With the proposed credits the Minister of Marine w 1 ! ke p np to their present footing the naval lores th# #9 tive of tfcn crew?, the raariaes and artillery. The increased e' oen8e ' 8'stribnted on all the !e-b'lievcd that, in the necessity in which we are tose-k fresh re sources to satisfy the@exigeucies@of the situation, the moment was arrived to remodel the tariff of the beverages to the figure of the year 1829. If we do not offer any proposition in this view, we thought at le@nt that it was indisp'iissble to pro@ vide the means of obtaining from tho present tariffs all that they can prcluee, by legislating for certain ameliorations them partmente of the marine, and we can to the detailed pat -' eu !?, r8 w i cb aecouot by legislative clupfo-rs. The necessary credit# for the g?-n?rul e?rvice of the Minister . f F' anc r e ar ™ ewba ol11 ' fled, which produces a reduction ' 0 ?® vo to poiut out hut a reduction 310,0001., arising from the termiuition of the cadastre jo some depart@ ments, and an increase of 270,OOOf. fc th6 Irea-@@urr charges, in consequence of extraordinary expenses which brinq with them increased charges. However, the relation of these charges to the expanse continues at the mo@ derate rate of 13c for lOOf@ The expense of invwfem nt and collection of taxes show@ an increase of 3,244,OUOf., und a diminution of 340,OOOf. The increase pro@ ceeds from 1,025,000f. for a stock of tobacco and management of the manufacture of sunff, the oonsumption of which continue@ to increase 281,600f. for the purchase of powder 304 560f. for poundage and other charges atten@ dant on collection, vi . tho extraordinary departmental taxes 233,OOOf. for customs, including 12,OOOf. of bonding charges, which will he reloaded by the towns @58,000@£ for Pos@Soffica charges, in consequence of the fourth horse to mail @ouches, increased sp ed, correction of raeH urerBent of distance , and contracts for conveyance 85,280f. for the keeping up the two supplimcn@Urv steam boats, in virtue of the law of 6 July, 1840, in the Mediter@ ranean and, finally, some accessary expenses. The re@ ductions arise from the clothing of the carriers, the pay to the postmasters newly appointed, on the price of fuel for the steam-packets, and on the charges of superintend@ ing the Salt-works del'JSst these charges will stop in 1845, in consequence of the cancelling of the lease to the company, and of the new system founded on the Ihw of 17 June, 1840. It is proposed, under the head of Management, to transpose credits from gdi chapter or credit to others, which are the consequence of u new ar@ rangement of services, which you will be able to judge of. We have to m otloa a branch mail from Tours to Havre, which will supplv with adv n ! a.rs the projected line from Nantes to Rauen for the letters from Bordeaux to Htyre. We have to mention tbe transfer in the forest service of the chapter oi sundries to the personal of@a sum of 50,030?., intended to employ the new forest surveyors in the important work of remeasurin' the falls, th 1 surveying of the a menage mens, and w rk to be executed in the forests. This measure is in conformity to thn wish expressed by the last finance cammission. The last part of the hadget, relative to repayment and non valeurs, gives an augmentation of 1,334,2501. It proceeds from -in increase in the direct contributions in cons?quence of the new register of constructions und patents or ad@ ditional faxes voted by Mnnicip.il Councils. I come, gentlemen, to unrol b fore you the exact statement of the charges of the count! y. The budget presented to yon exceeds by 190,000,OOOf. that which you voted Inst session. Hut we have joined to it exoen@ s left Jut ot the budget of 1841 to th@ amount of 40,000,000f., for which we have been obliged to provide by supplementaly credits. With r sp°ct to this mass of expe@me , which amounts to l,316,000,0f0f., the sum of the public revenue, estimated at 1,102,000,OOOf. according to the revolts of the present year, offer@ an insuffi-@eje@-y amonatiog to 154,000,OOOf. And it the expenses be cftlcolatt' 4 according to a peace establishment • if, setting aai ip th . i. rdiotry charges, we reduce it to a nominal ata@- the insu r° ,encv of wa j and ra?aBS 8liU 144 000,0005, IZot i.ic.rJlBftthv intsreets of tke@.mer-@tissement ef the ne v rent's v 'V h wo propose to cren e. Of ell @he facts just offered for your @wditations, this call@ for most attention. A great nation, like ears, can saphor 1 accidental charge t without alarm -And it Is with a y ew to such contioffencies, which the earrapt ot event# will now and the! brior back to existence, tba- W 1 8aal1 e care to atreuirtaen credit, which gins W r °' in it. But when the ordinaty r@cwurces ot 8 country cease to ke on i level with ita perwaient chargee, refer i which it claims for a length of time. It is with that view that we submit to you soma fresh reitulatian . r# have considered it just to limit the right of circulation in@favonr@of tho proprietor ia juit limits, t. e., restrain it to the produce of his hurveet that he destines to his own con@ sumption. Beyond this it would be privilege, and ought not to b? setfered. The fourth allowed to toe seller iu detail of his own produce is, for the same reason, to he withheld. A gen-na! eystem, too, with@ respect to tho sals of spirits in town9 ought to he adopted and a new base for the conversion of liquors into alcohol adopted@ Th# sale of tobacco in 1810 has produced 94,458,000@5 The estimate of it for 1842 i. 96,000,000@5 The sale ot lands is valued in the estimate@ of 1842 at 5 357.OOOf the same as in 1610. We hopo from the Pest-office 47,025,500@5, the same as that obtained in the last twelve months, diminished by a sain of lOO.OOOf ,by the suppression ot Corsican packet-boats. In tine, the different products, iu which are iucluded certain sp-ciai revenues, such as the retribution of tbe University, and of Algeria, amount to 39.486,582@5 This estimate exoeeds that of the last budget by 740,000@5 The aug@ mentation procoeds from tho estimated value of tenders to he d-livcrcd by the War Minister to ihe war and finacce department, and from the increase of the reserve labours, from the expenses of the materiel of marine, venue for 1840. It amounts, as we have already said, to @,161,838,142@5 to be divided thus - Francs. Direct contributions 3-ifi 054 6 0 Indirect taxes and revenue. 695.757.500 Pndoee of domains and wood 39,744,500 Diverse revenue and produce 30,281,532 1,161,838.142 It now remains ta consider the extraordinary wiys and mo ms which circumstances call for, nnd which form, with tne disposition, habitually destined to facilitate the servi-'e, the eh ect of the last chapter of the law of receipts. We @nk of you, then, to aothoiise as ta Inscribe on the great book of the pnblic debt, and to negotiate with publicity and competition the sum af rentes necessary ta bring to the trea@ sury, a@ the result of the op a ration, a capital of 150 000,OOOf@ Yoa will feet, gentiera-n, with wlut circum?pectlon our ex@ planations should be aecomnanied on this important m resure, and what reserv@ Is Imposed on ns to ensure success, in satis@ fying all the conditions which rule operations of this nature. The facts speak too highly to year lodgment aod to ours, that we are not called on to @a tify the great latitude which shou'd @h given to the resources @'acod at th@ dispo@ sition of govornment@ You ha p seceded that latitude in times le?s difficult. I twos in 1837 but a secondary consider@ ation, it is low indisp a nsible. The loan which we ask of yon to authorise should balance, in the first instance, the wants of the treasorv, and finally discharge the expenses of pnblic works and the extranrrtinaries for all services. It will @h @hown to you l-am'dlately that the 4-50,000,OOOf@ will b? abso'b-d by the works for which it Is required. In all cos?, the realization ot a loan will not he tmm diato. The Treasury ha? a reserve which is still 120,000,000@5, and it is for a good@admiaistration to increase the balance in chest beyond measure, and @onse the loss of fntere t for which na' adequate compensation can he received. Therefore, we '-ave rot demanded any crelit for the service of rentes to be negotiated-we ouly claim the faculty of creating them, if there b@@? @ee#s ity by royal ordinance without waiting lo submit them for legislative sanction at theopsning@af@the chase-hors. A@ to tha cuoice of rentes to bo created, with regard to the price or the periods at which the payments of the loan are to hs mad?, whether we divide the adjudication, or have it done by one affair, it is necessary, gentlemen, that yoa yield to our ministerial responsibility. The conditions which you might impose, would only create difficulties-your confidence in this respect is au absolute condition of success.@@@ a@Ue demand from you a credit of 250,000,000@5 in Treasury Bonds. If th# peace b? cou-@firmed, as it promises to be, this resenree will permit us to wait to realise or complete the lean wkei our public fundi vulgar saying, cut off their nose in despite of their face, their conduct iu fetching engines, which appear @o crazy, all the way from Philadelphia, instead of employing our own skilful workmen in their construction, need excite but little surprise. Fortune docs not seem to @hine on this company, but their shabby conduct towards this city will prevent anybody's feeling sorry for disappointed spe@ culators, whose avarice has o'erleaped itself, and fallen on the other side. -Worcester Chronicle. Fatal Accident at the Vulcan Foun ey. -On Tuesday week, an inquest was held at the Horse and Jockey Inn, Newton, on view of the body of Thomns Harrison, a fireman at the Vulcan Foundry. It was the duty of the deceased to attend to the steam engine at Messrs. Tayleur and Co.'s extensive works, and to get up the steam a little before six o'clock every morning. On Saturday he had done so, and went among the ma@ chinery for the purpose of nutting the strap on the fan used for blowing the bl@Mt for the furnaces and black@ smith's fires, when his clothes got entangled, and ho was dragged into the fan. He was driven round with an amazing impetus for some time, and on each revolution of the wheel, his legs, which protruded over the edge, came iu contact with the door, and were literally smashed to atoms. Mr. Dowling, ono of the managers of the works, was the first to render assistance. He was much injured about the body, and the fractures about his legs were almost innumerable. The poor fellow was carried home, and promptly at@ tended by Mr. Barrow, surgeon, and Dr. Green, of New@ ton, Mr. Gorton, surgeon, of St. Helen's, and Mr. Pen@ nington, of Ashton. On Sunday morning he became sensible, and for a time appeared to rally. In the course of that day mortification took place, and at his request both legs were amputated by Mr. Gorton, at lour o'clock in the afternoon. The deceased bore the operation with great fortitude, and survivod until eleven o'clock in the evening, when death ensued. The jury returned a ver@ dict of Accidental Death. -Blachburne Gazette. A correspondent has furnished us with the sequel to the history of the uxoriously-disposed Baron von Hall-@•erg, whose advertisement for a helpmate we inserted seme days back. The bold Baron's word as to his ha@@r ness of constitution seems to have been taken so literally, that the number of fair applicants who replied occasioned some press of business at tbe Munich post-office. It is stated that he received upwards of a thousand proposal@ within u short period. Some waggish editor of a news@ paper, we suppose for wags will lurk even in the most steady paced circles , alluding to the above-mentioned facts, announced the Baron's intention to give a grand dinner on New Year's Day, to which the fair suitors were one and all to be invited. After grace it was stated that the band would be instructed to strike up the new pa@ triotic song on the Rhine, Sie sollen ihn nicht haben, Ac. They shall not-shall not have him, Ac. , as the German version goes. Rannoch-Melancholy Occurrence.-A person of the name ot Campbell, who was for some time shepherd on the farm of Liaran. and lived with his wife and family in a very remote place ia the hill called Cor-@ribbachaidh nam Fiadh, being an expert angler, and close to Leclterrochd-side, very frequently, when his pastoral avocations permitted him, employed his time in fishing on this lake and having one day caught a large trout, he received no unusual thing a slight scratch from its teeth, when he was in the act of extricating the hook from its mouth. Of this he took little notice at first but as it bled very profusely, and his hand began rapidly to swell, he hastened home to his wife, and they both tried every means in their power to stop the blood, but to no avail. Baffled and alarmed, the poor wife proposed, as a forlorn hopo, that she would go to the Strath for tho assistance of ethers, and having received his concurrence, she started in the middle of the night, and travelled ten miles through a dark and dreary hill, ere she arrived at any human habitation. Greatly fatigued, she came to Liaran about daylight, and, having communicated her alarm, and implored immediate aid, she, in returning, outran the individuals who set out for her assistance, and, with the spend of lightning, flew back to her beloved hus@ band. But, alas ! what must have been her feelings when she cast her eyes upon th# sad spectacle, which, on her arrival, presented itself-the object dearest to her on earth lying pale in the arms of death, and her young fatherless children crying around him? Few, we believe, were placed in more trying circumstances than this un-@fortunate female, and her melancholy and early bereave@ ment has called forth the sympathy of ail who knew her or heard of her sad story.-Perth Courier. The river Tyne, for ft considerable distance above Sjotswood bridge, westward, was frozen over on Wednes@ day last. The frost has since given way, so that the navi@ gation has happily not yat been stopped by the ice.-Tyne Mercury. Lord Crewe is on a visit to Lord and Lady Hathebton, at Teddesley Park, Stafford, where a dis@ tinguished party is assembled.- Wolverhampton Chronicle. sanction so wicked an extortion ? The eighth and last article is a specimen of the document. Also, the party proponent doth say and allege that the said Joseph Hill, in the years libelled, was a pa@ rishioner and inhabitant within the parish of K-libelled, and did there hear divine service, and receive the sacrament, together with his wife, yearly, or at least ought so to have done, for which there is due and payable to the vicar libelled at Easter, yearly, or near there@ abouts, four pence a piece for every communicant, for and in lieu of their general oblations. The vicar, flushed with the euccess of his first suit, in the January following issued the citation in question for the quarter's tithe then due but the demand being under 10 ., the suit was dismissed, as I have before mentioned. The following is Dr. Addants's opinion -@I think that the defendant must appear absolutely. If the libel does not set forth that the yearly value of tithe subtracted exceeds 10 ., the defendant must, object to its admission, and then the court unless, indeed, it directs the libel to be reformed in that respect should dismiss the defendant with costs and so, if when the plaintiff having leave to reform the libel, he can't or does not plead the annual value of the tithe subtracted to be above 101. If it pleaded that the annual value of the tithe sub@ tracted is above 10 ., but that fact is not proved in or disproved by the evidence at the hearing of tha cause, the result, I apprehend, should at all events be, that the defendant is entitled to his costs, though the plaintiff may prove some tithe subtracted and recover accordingly. Signed J. Addams. Doctor's Commons, Feb. 4, 1840. However the result was, that Mr. Hill could not get costs and the idea o ' the defendant submitting to a suit, until the evidence is taken and the cause heard, is so monstrous, that it is better to yield to au illegal de@ mand, than run the risk of incurring 40 . eosts. 1 am, sir, your obedient servant, Exeter, Dec. 30. II. C. MILLET. MEETING ON BEHALF OF WIDOW YOUNG. At a meeting held at Monmouth on the 28th of De@ cember, for taking into consideration the best means to be adopted for the liberation of the widow, Sarah Young, now a prisoner in the county gaol of Monmouth, where she has been detained seven months for alleged contempt of the Ecclesiastical Court of I.landaff, whither she was illegally cited at the suit of the Rev. Dr. Lyle, of that place, for 3@5 10s. said to be due for tithe, the following resolutions wore adopted -@That the citation of a poor widow for a small amount of tithe to an ecclesiastical court, contrary to the act made to prevent such proceedings, is both unchristian and unconstitutional. That the Ecclesiastical Court of Llandaff, which has been in the habit of issuing citations for small amounts of tithe, has displayed a want of respect for tbe laws of our candidate a few months ago, by a vastly larger majority than the Liberal party had previously mustered. As for the Jedburgh aud Elgin burghs, we have heard nothing to shake our belief that the Reform party is secure in both. Apropos of the blunders of the Times .-It states in its number of the '24th November, that in the Scotch burghs Toryism had recently made the most splendid progress. As evidence of this it referred to the municipal elections in Musselburgh, Stirling, Dumbarton, Dunbar, Edinburgh and Glasgow. To persons acquainted with Scot@ land, the selection of examples is very significant. Musselburgh has had a majority of Tory council@ lors for five or six years through the influence of a single proprietor it is not worse than it was, for the last elec@ tions gave three Whigs to four Tories and the weight of the burgh may be judged of from the fact, that it contains less than one seventh of the electors, in a district where the Liberals have a majority of nearly two to one ! Stirling lias been most unluckily appealed to. Of twenty-one members of council in that burgh, the Tories have not been able to return more, we believe, than one, or at moat two! This, mind you, is what the Times celebrates as a triumph I Of Dumbarton and Dunbar we have no local knowledge, but we may safely concede that the success of the Tories there ia of tiie same description as at Stirling. In fact, Conservatism has been losing ground in most of our small burghs. In Linlithgow, for instance, there were just three Tory councillors out of twenty-seven, and these were expelled at tha last election. At Glasgow we are told the victory in favour of the church and constitution has been so complete that a Conservative Lord Provost has been unanimously elected, a circumstance which wilt secure the ascendancy of sound principles in that quarter for many years to come. In point of fact, the two parties stand ia Glasgow precisely as they did before th@e last eieation, without cither gain or loss. They are exactly balanced, or within one vote of being so. In Edinburgh we are told that, at the last elections the Conservatives returned an equal number of coun@ cillors with the Liberals. After this the force of menda@ city can no farther go! Even those who are familiar with the bold lies of tiie Times will scarcely believe, what is literally true, that of the twelve members returned at the elections last month, three were Conservatives and nine Liberals! Parties remain just as they were, but the Liberals would have gained at least ona vote at the last election, if the unhappy schism between tiie churchmen and the dissenters had not occarrcd. According to the Times, the d ssenters began fo advo@ cate tbe voluntary principle about fifteen years ago, be@ cause they were losing ground, their wealthier members Doing attracted to the more genteel places of worship belonging to the church. Now, dissenters have multi@ plied as fast within the last fifteen yeats as at any former period, and if they acted from the motive assigned, will the Times be so kind as fo tell us why the voluntary re@ medy was not resorted to fifty years earlier ? The recent history of the controversy is no secret. The diaseoters, seeing establishments everywhere around them in tho Christian world, only opened their eye. to the full strength and efficacy of their own principles by slow de@ grees. It was about the period mentioned by the Times, or a little later, that the minds of many of their leading clergymen were sufficiently ripened to adopt voluntaryism openly and perhaps we may take somo credit to ourselves for this result, the Scotsman having advocated the doc@ trine when fit occasions occurrod, from the first day of country, and exerted a power dangerous to the liberty I ■ existence. By and by, meetings were held and dis-.fiL. l .-a __l 1 La ..4 4. .... ! !. POUrRPB dffllVl of the subject, which ought not to pass with impunity, That this meeting pledges itself, by bringing this par@ ticular case before Parliament, by petitioning the Legis@ lature, and by using every lawful means, to endeavour to abolish the power usurped by the ecclesiastical courts. That a committee be now appointed, with power to add to their number@.with a view to effect the liberation of the widow Sarah Young, who has already suffered seven months' imprisonment for alleged contempt of the Eccle@ siastical Court of Llandaff, whither she was illegally cited for 31. 10s., said to be due to the Rev. Dr. Lyle for tithe. That a subscription for currying out the above re@ solutions be immediately opened. That James Bromage, Esq., banker, Monmouth, be appointed treasurer and Mr. E. Richards, secretary, who is requested to forward the reselutions to the public papers.'' WHO IS THE REV. DR. LYLE l To THE EDITOR OK THE MORNING CHRONICLE. Sir-I shall be obliged by your informing me if the Rev. Dr. Lyle, at present before the public respecting the case of the Widow Young, is the same person as the Rev. William Birkin Meakham Lisle, LL.D., of Tally, garn, in the county of Glamorgan, and rector of St. Fagans, near Llandaff, a gentleman of a very large pro@ perty. I am, sir, yours, c. Dec. 30, 1840. VERAX. Fire.-Yesterday morning, about half-past two o'clock, an extensive fire breke out In the bed-rooms of the house of a gentleman, named Seely, near Padding@ ton Church. On the alarm having been given the parish engine was taken to the spot by n party of me@ tropolitan police this was quickly followed by'engines from King-street and Baker-street, but although a ready supply of water was obtained, and the greatest exertions made to arrest the progress of the fire, a considerable portion of valuable property was destroyed. • The fire originated, it is believed, through a lighted candle having been placed too near the bed furniture. The property destroyed is insured. courses delivered on the subject, and converts were gained the more rapidly in consequence of tiie wide@ spread disgust excited by the universal hostility of the established clergy to ihe Reform Bill. It was now evident that a change bad commenced, which promised in course of time to sap all establishments. The church@ men took the alarm, and, to counteract the move@ ment, started the Non-Intrusion doctrine, which they pretended would cure the admitted vices of the establishment, and give its congregations all the advan@ tages enjoyed by the distenters, with the further benefit of free seats. The Veto law was carried after a struggle, aad being now awakeaed to the formidable attitude which dissent was assuming, they deemed it necessary to resort to offensive measures, and introduced the church extension scheme, th@ avowed object of which was to crush d ssent, by planting a placa of wor@ ship with free sittings at tbe side of each dis@ senting meeting-house. While this state of things lasted the controversy was hot, and there was a perpetual shower of pamphlets and polemical ser@ mons, bnt Parliament at length knocked the plan on the head by refusing funds. About the same time the cases of Auchterarder and Marnoch brought the church into collision with the courts of law and the wild men, having their thoughts engrossed by another object, and feeling the necessity of enlisting tb# multitude in support of their schemes, silently dropped their dispute# with tj-, e dissenters, and even began to ply them with blarney. The latter were now relieved from the necessity of defending themselves, and the con@ troversy of course slackened, but they held, and still hold, meetings from lime to time for the dissemina@ tion of the voluntary principle, which most certainly never advanced more rapidly thao it is doing at tiie pre@ sent time. Indeed, the common feeling of the dissenters is, that direct attacks upon the establishment are now little necessary, for the obvious reason that the church, by its rebellious attitude and the arrogance of its preten@ sions, is hastening its own destruction. The dissenters, however, could not see the franchise perk erted into a means of advancing sectarian domination, qt their ex-to be hoped that some bold Reformer will yet come for@ ward and, if so, nothing but the ill-@timed attempt at dis@ play by the Auti-Corn-law League can prevent the electors from retaining their independence. It is really pitiable to see men calling themselves Reformers adopting the only course which can defeat their own object. Only think of these man communicating with Mr. Gladstone, in order to ascertain his views upon the corn-laws. Such con@ duct indicates either sheer knavery or consummate ig@ norance. They must well know that Mr. Gladstone will not vote for a repeal of the corn-laws, and yet they ask him the question, thereby intimating their intention of supporting him, if they can havo the slightest pretext for 'doing so. Under all these circumstances, there is but one hope left, and that is, that some stern Liberal will vet step forward. I know many of Mr. Lyttelton's friend., feel deeply mortified that he should be compelled tr, resign, well knowing as they da that the Liberal int? rest cannot afford a division amongst them. Completion of the Bible for the Blind.-Tuesday last, the 22d current, will form an important era in the annals of the Glasgow Asylum for tha Blind. On that day Mr. John Alston, primum mobile of this excellent institution, had the satisfaction of exhibiting to a party of 150 an examination of the pupils in the Bible for the Blind, which is for the firit time completed in 15@quarto volumes. Amidst the many benevolent persons who have exerted themselves to ameliorate the condition and cultivate the minds of the bliod, Mr. Alston is the first gentleman who has succeeded in printing in relief, from the ordinary Roman capital, the characters formerly in use being either arbi@ trary, or modifications of the Illyrian or Sclavonic alphabet. At the annual examination of the inmates of the asylum, on 25th October, 1836, Mr. Alston brought out his first specimen of printing from the Roman type and he forth@ with resolved to raise a fund distinct from that of the institution, to b@ devoted exclusively ta the printing of hooks, and to their diffusion at a cheap rate throughout the country. In this appeal to private benevolence and public aid, Mr. Alston was not disappointed, and was enabled successively to brin@ out a number of elementary works, and finally the fs - cw Testament in super-royal quarto size. Tb , encouraged him to still further ex@ ertion # ,d lie resolved to undertake the laborious work@@@ printing the whole Bible, in March, 1839, he had completed the Book of Genesis, in a new type cut for the purpose, the punch@# being struck and the types cast I in Glasgow under his own inspection. Before proceed@ ing further, he visited in April of that year all the insti-! tutions for the blind, and be found in them the utmost will@ ingness to aid by purchasing such of the different volumes as had been already printed, and were required by them. As the work was one of vast expense, assistance was given by various benevolent societies, but the great lift was afforded by her Majesty, who, in September, 1839, granted the sum of 400@5 from the royal bounty for the purpose of assisting in such a meritorious work. Thus aided, the work, as we hive stated, has besn happily brought to a conclusion. The printing is effecled by a copperplate printing press. Th@ types being strongly relieved, amt liable frequently to give way under tb# heavy pressure required, it has been necessary to have them no less than four times recast during the progress of the work. Thero is in the operative department one man and a boy as@@@@@ positors@.who were taught in the institution, and one nress-@man, the ordinary teacher acting as corrector of th 1 # press. -Glasgow Herald. Agricultural Labour.-On Saturday an in@ quisition was taken at the George the Fourth, East-@road, before Mr. Cooper, coroner of this borough, on view of the body of William Jolly, aged two years The deceased child was the son of an agricultural labourer, aged twenty-six years, residing in Popjoy's-rents, Gas-@lane. H# works at Chestertoo, and his wages amount to only 9s. a week, out of which he has to pay is. 6@A a week for rent. He had been out of work lately, and his wife and child were a few weeks since for several days, literally in want of bread. They have but two blankets, one was pawned in the summer, and the other the poor woman was obliged to pawn on Tuesday, the 22d in@ stant, at a time when the deceased child was suffering from illness. That night it became worse, and died in 'he course of a few hours no medical man was called in, the poor woman being unable to pay for any Assistance of that kind. Tho family, it appears, sleep re , a mattress placed on a brick floor, without sheets or blankets, and with no other covering than an old sack, the man's great coat, and the woman's cloak. I.post mortem examination was made by Mr. Lestourge,,n, jun., from which, and from the other evidence. ',ne jury came to the conclusion that disease, which 'nail terminated fatally, had been brought on by ' l lte inclemency of the weather and the want of sufffo' ien t bed clothing, and returned a verdict ac-@cortiimr'y,,-Cambridge Advertiser. Serious Affair.-On Wednesday morning the policeman at Fountainbridgc. in consequence of informa@ tion he had received, entered a house i@ Inglis' Entry. I 'ouotainbridgo, the residence of two females, mother and daughter, named Fife. The two females had absconded, but he found on the floor, stark naked, and quite dead, a little girl about eleven veers of age, a natural daugh er o@ the younger female. None of her clothes wer@@@@@@c about the apartment and several mark . app re@@@ violence, were observed@on her person. The two wcr.? afterwards apprehended and are still 10 ca , ' ■ and the aflair is under Investigation, @e unders @@a@ the neighbours allege both prisoners were in @@e @a@ t especially when intoxicated, ot using threatening @a@@@a 8 towards the child, and of treating her with grea a -Scotsman. n m J' 'fi, Il I I '•
[ GS_aligned] ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ upwards of 4,000,000f.,@which successively absorbed the funds which the sinking fund left free these grants, ########### increase, have at length exceeded the pre- ############# the annual revenue. In short, we have to meet extraordinary expenses, which were without doubt ####### by events, or by the resolutions of the chambers, ## which oblige us in the present state of things, to ### in our calculation a deficit which, though reduced  the combination of a special law for the War and #### @Department, still amounts to 500 millions. We must ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# on civil pensions for 61,728 francs, and on the military pensions, for 1,350,000 francs, will be ########### one ha@s for cause the pensions of the em- ployes of the former, regie of the salt works of the East, the which must be classed amongst the pensions on the state, in consequence of the cancelling of the lease of the company. The other results from a more exact appreciation of the sum nec@essary for the payment of military pensions to grant yearly. It was only customary to carry the nominal credit of inscrip-@ tion to the budget, without keeping an account of the propo- sitions which completed the immediate calls of the service@@ it resulted there from to claim each year's supplementary allot@ments, which will be avoided henceforth by a more ex- act calculation, which we submit to you. We ask for the subvention to the caisse des retraites of the department of Finance a credit of 7,767,000f., representing the insufficiency of its resources in 1842. The developments in support of the budget justify his want of that allotment you will find an exact appreciation of the probable extinctions and con- cessions claimed by the necessities of the service. An ar- ticle of the law expenses fixes besides the credit of inscription at the sum of 1,040,000f. which does not exceed more than 90,000f. the nominal cipher of annual concessions. T@hat temporary supplement, with the 280,000f., added to the credit demanded for 1841, will cause the inscription in arrears brought up to the 31st of December, 1840, and resulting from the re- strictive disposition of the law of the 12th April preceding. The endowments, forming the said part of the budget, are carried to 16,225,100 francs that is, 253,000 francs less in 1841. That result is the sequence of the reduction which the subvention allowed to the Legion of Honour experiences, the which decreases from year to year, in proportion to the@@ extinctions. The budget of justice offers an increase of 7,050@f which results from supple@mentary allo@tments ######### @@for 32,800f. and compensated by reductions to the sum of@@ 25,250f. The increase is carried to the expenses of the mat@eriel of the Council of @State, on the salary of the Vice-@ President, and on the expenses of the Tribunals of @@the First instance, which are increased by the re-@ cent adjunction to the Tribunal of the Seine of four supplementary Judges and four sworn clerks. The diminution arises from the extinction of seven posts of auditors, and by the retrenchment of 20,000 francs, which the situation of the caisse @des retraites of justice allows to be effected on the subvention which it enjoys. The expense of public worship is increased also by the sum of 226,787 francs the following ate the causes.-185,000@@f. must be added to the salaries and indemnation of the parochial clergy by the replacing of the old eccle-@ ################################################################################################################################################################################################# suit of the cited ########################################################################################################################### ######################################################### and means. Now, @would it not be a folly to reckon on an overplus of receipts when we see them yearly exceeded by our expenditure? You must ### rema@rk that the adjudication of loans was indicated by the # of 1837, as a subsidiary resource, and allow us to add, with the hope that it would never be employed. It is then beyond ##### that the system of the law of 17th May, reposes en- #### on the resource of the sinking fund. A short time ago, gentlemen, the Five per Cents. were so near par that were o@n the point of seeing the accumulation of the re- sources at an end. Had this taken place, the sinking fund, ##### of being of any assistance to the Treasury, would have added to its embarrassment for it would have become necessary to borrow for the purpose of reimbursing non- consolidated funds previously absorbed. It would have become necessary to borrow to continue the works already commenced, and which could not be stopped suddenly, and ### to borrow to meet the still more imperious necessities ## from circumstances. In presence of such eventualities, man of foresight must have inquired  it were possible to continue to contract cer- ## engagements founded on uncertain resources. Evi- dently the system established by the law of May 17, 1837, must c@hange with circumstances. We consequently sub- mit to yo@u two propositions-one to affect from 1842 the re- #### of the sinking fund, to the extension of the depo- ### of the years 1@840, 1841, and 1842 the other to ######### a loan of 450,000,000f. to meet the expenses of the public works belonging to the War and Ma- ### departments. An especial project of law will be laid bef@ore@ you shortly, dividing the total expense of the work@s on a series of years, and fixing for each year a limit not to be exceeded. We have already announced ### #################################################### Instruction. It is, in reality, but 113,362f. The surplus of 264,800f. represents expenses covered by equivalent receipts, but are@@ the expenses of prima@ry schools, and schools of pharmacy @@united to the university by the royal ordonnanes of@@ September, 1840. A sum of 113,362f. is destined to remunerate a ninth councillor of the university, and cer- tain professors of the Normal Sch@ool and College de France, as well as t@@wo royal colleges, with the exception of 4,000f. for the commissioners of police of Ham. The home budget presents but di@minutions to the amount of 74,978@f. owing to the cessation of the rent of the Telegraph Hotel. The Home Minister demands that the union to refugees be resisted in the list of services voted. The Mi- nister of Agriculture and Commerce demands an augmen- tation of 51,799f. for the establishment of Vicby but this will be covered by the increase of revenue. The plans for finishing works of public utility, which we have laid before you, bring back the budget of the Minister of Public Works to its usual proportions but after the passing of the special law, which will shortly be presented to you, the cost of the extraordinary works which shall be authorised for the year 1842 will be included in the Budget of that department, of which it will form a distinct section. The amount required for 1842 shows an increase of 318,000f, composed of 28,200f on the central administration, of 160,000f ### the sala@r@ies of the department of roads, bridges, and mines, of 130,000f for in- ternal waterways and the superintendence of railways. On the other hand the expense is decreased to the amount of the special credits for finishing the works at the Luxemburg and the Hotel Mole. It is expected these works will be c@omplete in 1841, and that there will be no need of a farther allowance. The charg@es of the War Department for 1842 are estimated at 364,718,391f., of which 49,028,274f. are for our possessions in Africa. T@hese estimates exceed by 113,177,610f. the credits originally opened for the budget of 1841 but, when compared to the spe- cial laws of supplementary credits recently presented, it will be seen that, keeping up the same effective, the budget of 1842 is less by 53,238,000f. to that of 1840, and by 21,718,000f. to that of 1841. The credit of 361,000,000f. is the consequence of a temporary situation it, however, cannot be conceal@ed that, under the most favourable hypothesis, the ######################################## applying@ a #################### this there are but two modes-reduce expanses or aug- me@nt revenue. The r@eduction of expenses has with us ever produced little effect, and failed in its aim. The reports of commissions attest it. It is only in increasing the budget that we can bring revenue on a level with expenditure. Yet we do not propose new taxes, nor yet the augmentation of tariffs. There is something first to be tried. Our contributive system, in my opinion, ought to suffice for the permanent wants of the country. But among our fiscal laws, some ought to be adapted to the changes in our social state. There are some which have been relaxed@ an@d hence voids and inequalities, which offen@d public morals and equity as much as the interests of the Treasury. We present measures herewith to strengthen the receipt of taxes and generalise the application of them. We shall immediately ask for a new law to ensure the col- lection of the stamp-@duty, and other taxes of the kind. It is time to remind citizens of a social duty, too little respected. No one has a right to treat taxation as an enemy it ought not to be eluded, but submitted to. In enumerating the different branches of the revenue, I shall be obliged to speak of reform and ameliorations. The sum of direct contribution for 1842 is estimated at 396,054,@610f.@, of which 28@6,030,110f. are applied to the ge- neral services of the budget,and 110,024,500f. to departmental and parochial expense@. The 5,377,800@f. or excess, which this estimation shows, compared with the budget of 1841, may be divided into two equal parts of which one, resulting from the increase of the taxes and patent payers, is added to the profit of the general fund, and the other, representing the augmentation in depart- mental and local taxation, must be omitted in that specifi- cation. As to indirect taxes, we must take our estimates from the most recent facts and returns. The duties on registry have produced, in 1840, 192,845,400f., 6,000,000f, more than the preceding year. Taking this re- sult for the basis of our valuations, we are confident that the progress of industry and commerce will cause this branch of our revenue to increase and prosper. We will also pro- pose some ameliorations. A @mode of regulating the duty on the transference of offices will be comprised in the law of recettes for 1842. The law of 1832, has proportioned this tax to the security money, which is indiscreet. The law@ to be proposed will remove this incorrectness and inequality, and im- prove this branch of the public revenue by full 800,000f. The stamp duty gives a revenue disproportioned to the progress of affairs. The increase of this tax is too small, and attests the insufficiency of legislation. The circulation of unstamped bills has resisted penalty and legal prohibition, and a severer system has been re-@ commended by the late Parliamentary Com@mission. By imitating the energetic sanction that a neighbouring nation has given to its Legislature in this respect, an im- por@tant increase of revenue may be secured. A committee is now employed examining this question, and is preparing a law, that will be ready this session. In the meantime we estimate the stamp duty but for the sum of 34,250,080f., the same as the sum which it gave in 1839 A diminution of 635,000f. is provided for by the produce of the domains and of the mobilising objects belonging to the state, valued at 5,044,000f. We shall, however, realise in the course of 1842 a portion of the price of the donsanial salt- mines of the east, which will be for sale so@on after the liquidation of the present exploitation but the receipts will be weakened, on the other hand, by the cessation of accidental causes, and by the alienation all bat entirely consummated of the e@mmeubles and of the available property arising from the former extraordinary domain. The produce of the falls of wood of the state is car- ried in the budget for the sum of 30,342,500f., which it has been valued at for 1841 it is the @mean receipt of the years 1836, 1837, and 1838, which have been generally favourable to the trade of wood. Notwith- standing the fall occasioned in 1839 by the bad working of the forges, the administration estimates that by @means of the amelioration of the routes forestieres, and by the as- sistance of the conservators of the sales, it will obtain the receipt intended. Respecting the mean produce of the forests, and the right of fishing, the valuation is carried to 2,807,500f. it exceeds by 204,000f. that of last year, and is based on the increase realised in 1838 a@nd 1839, for 319,000f., and compensated up to 115,000f. by some reductions. The actual mode of recovery, for the benefit of the treasury, of the expenses of the administration, of the woods of com- mu@nes, and of the public establishments @has caused nume- rous claims to be @ma@de, and the inconvenience thereof has been detailed at length by your last commission of finance, in its report on ways and means of 1841. The law of 1791, which placed those woods under the same regime as the ######## @laws, attributed to the Treasury, to cover it of the expenses of their administration, a dec@ime by franc on the produce of what is cut and sold, and posterior laws added duties for that cut naturally. In 1827 the project of the Code Forestier proposed the maintenance of that syst@em with some modifications but an amendment to article 106 introduced in that respect an essential alteration, by sub- stituting for the produce of the falls an additional tax to the contribution foucière established on timber, and divided pro rata that contribution. This new mode, which made a tax weigh on certain departments much heavier than the disbursements with which it had to indemnify the Trea- sury, provoked complaints which it was necessary to justify, in the first place, by local enactments, and in short, in 1837, by a legislative disposition which annulled the Code Forestier, by which each department would be taxed no longer with a proportionate contingent, but with the amount of the expenses for the administration of the timber. That syste@m did not engender less claims than the pre- ceding one they arose from localities where the wood ground is less productive, and some of which see the re- venue of their timber entirely absorbed by the expenses of the administration. Your commission of the budget was struck it recommended to the government to make a special study of the basis which ought, for the future, to be adopted for the division of the expenses of the ad- ministration of the timber of communes and of public establishments. T@hat analysis has induced as to ac- knowledge that there exists, at the bottom of ex- perienced systems since 1827, a cause for illegality and complaint, which cannot disappear but by the return to the true principles of the tax. It is in proportion to the revenue that it must be established, and on the revenue itself, as often as it can be appreciated and attained. Wherefore the revenue of ti@mber is exactly represented by the price of the sales, and by the value of the annual deliveries to the @@affsnagister. We propose, consequently, to re-establish t@he annual levé on that produce, as under the regime of the law of 1791, but by reducing it to a twentieth, instead of a ########################################## belong to them. Gentlemen, you now know the whole of our ########## situation You have under your eyes a complete @picture of our wants, and the resources we have prepared to meet them. The views which we now sub@mit may be summed up in a few words. The Government believes in place, and because it so be- lieves, it does not ask of you to stop the progress given, for some years, to the works of peace. In this view we make an appeal to credit-the resources which we ask, in waiting till their normal destination be accomplished, will yield to the treasury a temporary assistance@ and aid in bearing the weights of our deficits, which will be covered by degrees by the consolidation of the successive reserves of the Sinking Fund. It is by taxes that we provide for the expenses of our civil and military state, increased by the accidental charges imposed on us by the political situation of Europe. But is order that these taxes be sufficient, it is necessary to fortify them by divers measures, which we wi@ll submit successively to your sanction, and which, in suppressing fraud and generalising further the benefit of proportional equa- lity, will assure to the treasury most abundant results. The financial system of the government should be the faithful expression of its political system. The budget, which we present to you, has been conceived in the spirit of peace and the preservation of peace, which I and my colleagues have accepted in taking upon us the re- sponsibility of affairs. This task, gentlemen, we would have declined, if we had not the intimate con- viction that a good understanding between the great Powers of Europe might be confirmed and maintained on conditions honourable and sure to our country. If our con- fidence is not ill-founded, a little time and a few efforts will auffice to replace in our budgets a durable equilibrium, and restore the prosperity of our finances. That, gentlemen@ is necessary to enable France to maintain its elevated rank among ###################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ new ar- rangements relative to the keepers and the distribution of venison from the Royal Parks, appear in the annual re- port for 1840 of the Commissioners of Woods and Forests, which is just published Various complaints having been made both as to the quality and supply of the veni- son from the royal forests and parks by the parties who have hitherto, with the sanction of the SOVEREIGN, been permitted to receive the same, we received direc- tions from the Lords Commissioners of her MAJESTY'S Treasury to make inquiries into the supply and distribu- tion of the venision from each of the royal forests and parks, and to advise their lordships as to the measures which should appear to us to be the best adapted to remedy the evils complained of. The result of these inquiries was such as to induce their lordships to sub- mit to her MAJESTY the expediency of placing the whole supply, including that for the royal table, under the supervision and direction of this board that the keepers should not be allowed to receive the fees and perquisites which heretofore had made a considerable portion of their income, but that they should be paid annual fixed salaries that they should be restricted in the keep of cattle in the parks to one or two cows, and to a sufficient number of horses only for the proper exe- cution of their duties, to which they should devote their whole time and attention and that they should send to the parties having her MAJESTY'S venison the whole buck or doe, except the head, skin, and offal. Her MAJESTY,was graciously pleased to signify her ap- proval of these arrangements, and we were authorised by the Lords Commissioners of her MAJESTY'S Treasury to carry the same into effect. For that purpose it has been found necessary, under the sanction of the Lords Com- missioners of her MAJESTY'S Treasury, to discon- tinue the services of some of the old keepers, and to award them superannuation allowances in proportion to their length of service. To Lieu- tenan@t-Colonel CHESTER, who held the office of clerk of the venison warrants, their lordships have sanc- tioned a retired allowance of 150l. per annum and to the gentleman who acted as his deputy, 30l. per annum. A warrant for her MAJESTY'S approbation and signature is prepared at the commencement of every season, which includes the whole supply for the season and warrants to the respective keepers are issued by us to the parties mentioned in the said warrant, on their paying at our office a fee of 1l. 6s. for a buck, and 13s. for a doe and the sums so collected are applied to the payment of the keepers' salaries and the retired allowances. We have reason to believe that this arrangement will not be at- tended with any considerable charge upon the funds of our department, and that it will fully answer the purpose for which it has been put in force. ################################################################## accidents happened upon this line on Saturday morning last, to the train which leaves Gloucester for Birmingham at eight o'clock in t@he morning, both fortunately unattended by any other consequences to the passengers than delay in both we hear to the American engine@. The first took place soon after the train left the Spetchley station, and, fortunately, before a high velocity was attained. One of the small wheels of the engine broke, to the great alarm of the passengers as well as of the driver and stoker, who jumped off@ t@he engine, and, providentially, escaped without injury. The train was necessarily delayed until another engine was procured from Spetchley. This second engine took the train safely to within some few hundred yards of Camphill Station, where the fire bars, and, consequently, the fire, tumbled out upon the road, leaving the train to be hauled to its destination by some forty or fifty men, after a delay of some hours. We have since learned that another accident fortunately un- attended with injury to life or limb occurred on Monday by the breaking of another of the small wheels. These, we presume, are the engines which the company sent for all the way to Philadelphia, and which, fro@m that circum- stance, it might be imagined, were expected to be of a very superior construction and enduring quality. However, these repeated accidents do not say much in their favour, and would seem to show that Jonathan can get up things on the cheap and nasty system as well as ourselves. It was a pity the company should go to a rival country for engines, which should be after all no ################################################ SIR-In all the London papers of the 25th instant, there appeared a report of so@me proceedings at the Lam- beth-street Police-office the day before, in the course of which Mrs. Bailey erroneously called by the reporter Moroner made some extraordinary statements respecting the conduct of individuals said to have called upon her for the purpose of extracting information respecting the death of the late Mrs. L. E. Maclean, and of obtaining from her certain important documents which Mrs. Bailey hinted she hid in her possession. I had previously heard the same tale from Mrs. Bailey herself, and, as the only friend of Mr. Maclean in town, I was engaged, when the above report appeared in the pa- pers, in examining the statement with the care required by the woman's position and past conduct. I was aware that she had been closely questioned, on he@ return home thirteen months ago, as to her knowledge of the circum- stances attending Mrs. Maclean's death@ by the relatives of both Mr. and Mrs. Maclean, and that she had been also rather eagerly canvassed by some other parties, who have wished-I will not venture to conjecture from what motive@-to misrepresent the causes of that lamented event. I also knew that nothing had been elicited from her by the friends or enemies of either party to give the slightest colour to the calumnies put forth on the subject. I felt surprised, therefore, on being told by Mrs. Bailey that renewed inquiries had been made of her under circumstances so extraor- dinary by person, refusing to give their names, and still more surprised at some of the improbable details of her story. Finding, however, that she had brought the matter under the notice of the police, I determined on having the statement thoroughly investigated, and for that purpose applied to the commissioners for their assistance in the matter. Colonel Rowan very promptly and politely ap- pointed Inspector Hughes of the A division to conduct the inquiry-a full report of which is in the hands of the commissioners. I merely inclose the result-an admission on the part of Mrs. Bailey of the entire falsehood of her statements. I hereby declare that the statement which I made to Mr. Norton@ at the Lambeth Police-office, on Thursday last, to the effect that I had been visited by different persons, some of them apparently of distinction, coming in their carriages, and requiring me to give up documents which I alleged to have in my possession, in reference to the death of the late Mrs. Maclean, is entirely unfounded that no such persons called upon me, and that I am pes- sessed of no such documents or papers of importance, but merely the statements of what took place when I arrived. I very sincerely regret having been led by the public ex- citement on this subject to invent these stories. It is true that I embarked with Mrs. Maclean as her persona@ servant at Portsmouth, and attended her in that capacity up to the time of her death at Cape Coast Castle but I hereby solemnly declare that I never saw or heard of anything to justify the calumnies which have been circulated against her husband on the subject of @her death. I neither saw nor heard of any ill-treatment, nor do I believe Mr. Maclean capable of any of those things which I have heard laid to his charge by public rumour. ##################### mark my name , E. B. Witnessed the above initials, signed by Mrs. Bailey, in presence of her mother, Mrs. MORONER. ###### ############## December 31,1840. Inspector A. division. It is singular that the first of the calumnious fables founded on the death of Mrs. Maclean, susceptible of ac- curate examination, should have terminated in so speedy and complete an exposure of the author. Would that the cowardly insinuators who have so deeply wounded the feelings of the unfortunate husband had reduced their stories, even in any one instance, to a form sufficiently tangible to admit of similar analysis and refutation@! I am sorry to add that I have reason to believe that the extraordinary fabrications of Mrs. Bailey are not the last links which remain to be broken of the chain of falsehood by which it has been sought to enthral the character of my friend for the sake of pandering to the public appetite for scandal. But his absence from this country, added to the indefinite nature of the charges against him, have hitherto afforded impunity to his libellers, which it may not be safe for them always to rely upon.-I am, Sir, your obedient servant, M. FORSTER. New City Chambers, Dec. 31, 1840. ############################################################################# Times had two long articles last week on our ####################################################### their energetic protest against the parties who did this, and the government which abetted them in it. They are entitled to speak boldly, for they stand upon high g@round #### ########################################################################################################################################################### able for ignorant blundering and unscrupulous mis-state- @@ments, and well exemplifying the nonsense and absurdity which can be palmed on the people of England respecting Scotch affairs. We shall notice a few of the leading points, and first for blunders -The Times informs us, that there is a certain constitutional newspaper in Edinburgh, which, though zealous in reprobating the general policy of the Whigs, advises its readers to oppose every Par- liamentary candidate who declines to go all lengths in supporting the ultra Non-Intrusionists. We thought we had a tolerable knowledge of the Edinburgh press, but we confess we can discover no such newspaper as the one here described. @There are three papers zealous enough in reprobating the policy of the Whigs, t@he Advertiser, Post, and Standard, but they are equally zealous in repro- bating the policy of the Non-Intrusion party.-There are two papers which advocate the views of the latter party, the Mercury and @Witness, but they are bot@h decided@ friends to the present government. The certain con- stitutional newspaper in Edinburgh@ has no existence, except in the imagination of the omniscient Times! The dissensions in the church are deplored as marring the hopes of the Conservative party, which are now, it seems, brighter than ever in proof of which we are favoured with the following precious morsel of mendacious nonsense - According to our information, there is now sufficient strength in the cities of Perth and Aberdeen, as well as in the district constituencies of Elgin, Inverness, St. An- drews, and Jedburgh, to ensure the return of Conserva- tive members at the next election. From a paragraph which lately appeared in our paper, we also learn, that at a recent dinner at Cheltenham, Major Anderson the Conservative candidate for the Lanark boroughs not only announced his absolute certainty of unseating Mr. Radical Gillon-a statement which the late registrations in that quarter completely confirm, but further declared his conviction, that no fewer than six seats in the south and west of Scotland were at present ready to rid themselves of their several ministerial occupants. We believe this to be strictly true and the seats in question, as we suppose, are ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### we have also respectfully to request ################################## of your reply by letter, or that you will favour us ######################################################################################################################################################################################################### ELECTION. Birmingham, Wednesday Night. TO THE INDEPENDENT ELECTORS OF THE ##################### Gentlemen-When I had the honour of first address- ing you, offering myself a candidate to represent this borough in the Commons' House of Parliament, I calcu- lated with confidence on the undivided and zealous sup- port of every class of the Liberal part@. I have now completed a personal canvas, of the electors, and I regret to say that, in many instances where I had every reason to expect prompt and cordial support, I have @@met with either lukewarm neutrality or decided opposition. In addition to these discouraging circumstances, I have had to encounter the avowed hostility of the agents from the Anti-Corn-law League deputed to oppose me, and whose opposition has destroyed my chance of being returned as your representative, by dividing the Liberal interest. Nothing but a firm conviction of the hopelessness of suc- cess founded upon these obstacles, would have induced me to relinquish my prospects of representing your borough, but I am now persuaded that any continuance of this strug- gle in the present state of parties would only injure the cause to which I am pledged. In retiring from the present con- test, I beg to return my most sincere and heartfelt thanks to those honest and consistent Liberals who have rendered me their able assistance and support.-I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your most faithful, obedient, and hum- ble servant, ################## Walsall, Tuesday Evening. ######################### to prevent any pos- sible misunderstanding on the subject, Mr. Gladstone's friends think it right to publish a letter which he received from three gentlemen, calling themselves a deputation from the Anti-Corn-law League, together with his reply thereto. '@George Hotel, Dec. 28, 1840. '@Sir-We have been deputed by the '@National Anti- Corn-law League' to ascertain the opinions of the #################################################### no Con- servative candidate @has the slightest chance of success. Nay, though there has been no want of overtures from persons of that party, so hopeless is t@he cause felt to be, @@that we greatly doubt if any one of them will come to the scratch when an election takes place. If Major Anderson uttered the words which the ################################################################## 'To J. N. Gladstone, Esq., ############################################################################################################################### Hotel, Walsall, '@Tuesday Morning, Dec. 29, 184@0. '@Gentlemen-I had the honour to receive ########################################################################################## 1837, but took special care not to bring his vapourings to ##################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### at least as well as this Major Longbow, and we can ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# ################################################################################################################################### lessness of the statements as to the three counties would ####################################################################### COURTS. FURTHER PARTICULARS OF MR. HILL'S CASE-PRACTICE OF THE ECCLESIASTI- CAL COURT. TO THE ###### OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE. SIR-Mr. Hill has been the victim of two tithe suits in the Exeter Ecclesiastical Court, in both of which may be seen the worst feature, of this iniquitous tribunal. The first suit arose from his vicar claiming agistment tithes, which Mr. Hill alleged were exempt under his composition. The vicar demanded a certain sum fixed on by his surveyor and would never give the particulars of the amount. Mr. Hill, refusing to pay unless he knew what the de- mand was for, was cited on the 24th of September, 1839. On the 11th of October the libel was filed but this de- claring generally like a bill in Chancery , and not specifying the particulars of tithe due, of course it could not be seen what were the items in dispute, and rather than wait for the issuing a commission to take evidence, when the expenses would be 30l. or 40l., Mr. Hill yielded to the vicar's demand, and paid 11l. costs, although only the second step in the suit had been taken, and the ######################################### had gone into any details. The representative of Argyllshire beat his opponent at the last election by a majority of 250. This was in 1837, and the whole registrations from 1836 down to 1840 have only added 58 voters to the roll! We doubt, too, if Monzie's strange freaks have raised him in the estimation of the electors. It is equally well known that no change has taken place since Mr. Murray's recent triumph in Kirkcudbrightshire, which can endanger his seat and if there be any such Conservative gain in the county of Dumbarton as to shake the security of Mr. Colquhoun, we would surely have heard of it through some more authentic channel. The same remark will apply to the burghs of Wigtown, Ayr, and Dumfries. Had Conservatism achieved any victory there, our contemporary the Adver- tiser would have sung paeans over it long ere this. As for the Wigtown burghs, which were Liberal before, there is not a doubt that the transference of the vast estates of the Earl of Stair from a Tory to an excellent Whig, has rendered the ascendancy of Liberalism still more secure in that district. The whole statement, in fact, as to these counties and burghs, is a piece of pure imagination, pro- ceeding from the brains of Major Longbow, and swal- lowed by the gullible Cockney editor, we verily believe, from pure ignorance. Of course, t@he Times says nothing about the counties of Caithness and Wigtown, which it is ############################################################ Messrs. Rawson, Prentice, and Acland.' From A Correspondent. ########################################### you are aware, Mr. Lyttelton, the only Liberal candidate who offered himself to the electors of this borough, has been compelled to resign the contest by the misconduct of the Anti-Corn-law gentry. Mr. Foster, jun., was pre- vailed upon by them to come forward in their interest, but he has also declined, and the field is now in the un- disputed possession of Mr. Gladstone. The utmost tom- foolery is being played off by Mr. Acland@ the Anti- Corn-law Lecturer, and Mr. Rawson@ and Mr. Prentice, through whose mischievous interference the borough is reduced to its present condition. A meeting was held last night at the Dragon Assembly Room@, convened by Mr. Acland, for the purpose of considering the position in which they were placed by Mr. Foster, jun., declining to stand. After a great deal of nonsense, it was announced by Mr. Acland that the Anti-Corn-law League would not send a candidate unless there was a requisition sent from the electors. A requisition, miserably signed, was got up, and sent off express to Manchester, and, while I am now writing, a new candidate is expected. In the event of the League not sending up a man, Mr. Acland will stand ############################################################################################################### next election! It is hinted that if the Tories were at one on the church question, they might oust Mr. Ellice from the Fife burghs. This piece of intelligence is surely from Major Longbow too, for it bears his mark. The truth is, the Liberal party is more secure in these burghs than it was at the last election. It is, in fact, too strong to @be as- ################################################ evening, at eight o'clock, at the Dragon Assembly Rooms, when Mr. Acland is to address the handful of electors who may meet him. Whilst this worse than twaddling nonsense is going on, the Tories are all alive and turning every incident to account. Mr. Glad- stone has gone through a good deal of his canvass, and his committee announce that he has received promises of 70 ############################################################################################################################################################################################################# published by the ########### detail the increased expenditure the ############################################################### increase of be ####################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### a prudent foresight the obligations imposed on the @Treasury by the 5th article of the law of the 7th and 10th of June, 1833@. It will perhaps here be objected that, should our rentes get below par, the re- sources of the sinking fund will not @be available for the declination we intend. This is true-but what would arise ########### Why, the extinction of the deficits@ would be ######## prolonged, and the floating debt, with the elasticity which belongs to it, would easily provide for it. You will moreover observe that the resources ###################### considerably increased by the negotiation of the #################### attributing to the expense of the works. This must be the case. The produce of the loan, the entry of which will precede the consummation of the expenses to which it is applied, will aid the Treasury to support the weight of the deficits. The progressive extension ofthem will be combined with the progress of the public works, so as to leave no chance of perturbation i@n the service. The mea- sure whi@ch is the object of our second proposition, appears to us to be founded in principle, and useful in its appli- cation. @@Reason and justice require that the future, which will profit of the enterprises of public utility, should sup- port the greatest part of the expense which they occa- sion. Public credit will answer our appeal, if we require capital, but to incorporate it with t@he civil and to increase the opulence of @Fra@nce, the security of her creditors. You must also remark that, when the public works are to be paid by the loan, the votes of expenditure must necessarily be proportioned to the effective measures, and kept within cer- tain bounds whereas if, on the contrary, the resources of the sinking fund are employed, a vague idea of an exhaust- less resource leads to expense not always commanded by the general interest of the country. Among the works that the Administrations of War and Marine are about to undertake, some do not deserve the qualifi- cation of extraordinary. They are, nevertheless, of such a nature that the expense once made will not again occur and this consideration appears sufficient for them to be included in the project of law which will shortly be laid be- fore you. Another motive induces us to act thus. ################################################## the troops in huts 5,826,000f. for fortificati@ons and buildings for the use of the military 890,000f. on account of the increased price of materials and @provisions and about 4,000,000f. for improving the supply of the wants of the @army in Africa. The Minister of War keeps up, for 1842, the amount of 1,050,000f. the credit intended as a provisional amount for military pensions, and which is the object of a special law. This la@w reproduces in the same terms as the prec@eding the article relating to the special and extraordinary work to be executed in Algeria, but it pro- poses some @modifications in the heads of the services in the war department, for which supplimentary credits may be opened by royal ordinances it additonally includes the purchase of fuel, which has hitherto been included in prepared rations,but which it is better to state specifically then the pay of reform, which is to appear in the votes as well as the pay of non-activity, which is included therein salaries of the men employed i@n the manufacture of powder and salt- petre, an expanse which increases in proportion to the amount of demand. The naval and colonial department re- quires 127,290,400f., but this includes a sum of 14 ########################################################### is not to be desired we fear no mistake in admitting an equal revenue for 1842. In short, the cheapness of provision@, by ex- cluding foreign corn, can but favour other consumptions pro- ductive for the Treasury. The law of the 31 of July last, on the sugars, insures us besides a more than ######################### by admitting only the valuation of the duties to collect on the exotic sugars, such as has been adopted for the budget of 1841. The indirect contributions have been valued according to the realiza- tions of the year 1840. First, respecting colonial sugar, we thought to be enabled, by the progressive develop- ment of the manufacture, to add three millions of kilo- gram@mes to the quantities produced by the last crop. We, therefore, calculate that the new duty of 25f. reckoned upon a quantity of 27,000,000 kilogrammes, the which, united to 80,000,000 supplied by exotic sugars, will bring to 107,000@,000, the mean consumption of the last five years. Hence arises for the comtributions indirectes, not including the tobacco, a total receipt of 139,350,000f. I@ would offer 36,000,000f. to 40,000,000f. more, if at the end of the year 1830 the tariff@s on beverage had not been reduced one third. Thehe public revenue no longer sufficing for the ordinary ########## of the state, it is necessary as well as regular to exo- nerate the budget from the expenses which are not again to take place. It is but by acting in this manner that we ####### able to propose that equilibri@um which you ask us to re- establish, and which it is our duty to effect, unless prevented by politi@cal necessities. Gentlemen, the plan we submit to your discernment is very s@imple, and the following #### ########## as a sum@mary of its results -You will efface with the Sinking Fund, if circumstances favour ############## of 1840, 1841, and 1842, in the #### of a few years at the end of which you will find this powerful resource increased by com- pound interest. You will secure the termination of the great works of public utility by ways and means not exposed to ## are. Independentlyof these ################################ ### @@@, increase the revenue of the state so as to equal its necessities, without creating new taxes or augmenting tariff duties. @We will exp@lai@n this when we speak of receipts. I have n@@ow to refer to the necessities of the year 1842. In our appreciation of public expenses, we have endeavoured to @exclude from the law of fi@nance no ordinary expense, and not to render any supplementary credits necessary by ################## estimates. All the expenses re- quired to keep our civil and military organizatio@n ####### ############# budget before you we have included therein ###### of the sinking fund bonds, the allowances for the pension fund, and @other expenses not contained in for- # budgets. The budget of 1842 @@may therefore be ######## as a faithful ##################### of the ordinary neces- ## the state. We have omitted the expenses of extraordinary public works. But it does not enter into our thoughts that this being place@d in a special budget prevents them being included also in @the general one. Af- ter the vote of the law of expenses the sum ######## to each will be inserted in the general budget. The public debt presents us with the leading services which we have to pass in review. It figures in the budget under four divisions-the consolidated debt, loans for canals and other works, ###### reimbursed in different ways, and annuities. ############### have reduced the amount of Five per ###################### while the Three per Cents, have increased #### @by @the indemnity to emigrants. On the other side, the ##################### of the reserve of the sinking fund ############# credit demanded for the Four per Cents. by a ## of ############ composed of 11,122,357f. demanded as a ######### @1841, and of 1,942,000f. for the service of ############# fund, with its dotation of 44,616,463f. prem., and its rentes bought out, will dispose, in 1812, of a ################## Let us congratulate ourselves on our having preserved this puissant mode of liberation. It is most useful to us under present circumstances, and it at once for- ##### public credit and aids the Treasury. The charge of ########################################################################## applied to the building of steamers for transatlantic navi- ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## to the royal navy, the credit ################# colonial establishments is reduced to the s@um of 1@13,290,400f. With the proposed credits the Minister of Marine w@ill keep up to their present footing the naval ######### ####### of t@he crews, the @marines and artillery. The increased e@xpense ############# on all the ################################################################## sources to satisfy the exigencies of the situation, the moment was arrived to remodel the tariff of the beverages to the figure of the year 1829. If we do not offer any proposition in this view, we thought at least that it was indisp@ensable to pro- vide the means of obtaining from the present tariffs all that they can produce, by legislating for certain ameliorations ####################################################################################################################################################################################################################### which produces a reduction ######### to point out but a reduction 310,000f., arising from the termination of the cadastre in some depart- ments, and an increase of 270,000f. In ### Trea- sury charges, in consequence of extraordinary expenses which bring with them increased charges. However, the relation of these charges to the expense continues at the mo- derate rate of 13c for 100f. The expense of management and collection of taxes shows an increase of 3,244,000f., and a diminution of 340,000f. The increase pro- ceeds from 1,625,000f. for a stock of tobacco and management of the manufacture of snuff, the consumption of which continues to increase 281,600f. for the purchase of powder 304,566f. for poundage and other charges atten- dant on collection, viz. the extraordinary departmental taxes 238,000f. for customs, including 12,000f. of bending charges, which will be refunded by the towns 558,000f. for Post-office charges, in consequence of the fourth horse to mail coaches, increased speed, correction of @measure@ment of distances, and contracts for conveyance 85,280f. for the keeping up the two supplimentary steam boats, in virtue of the law of 6 July. 1840, in the Mediter- ranean and, finally, some accessary expenses. The re- ductions arise from the clothing of the carriers, the pay to the postmasters newly appointed, on the price of fuel for the steam-packets, and on the charges of superintend- ing the Salt-works de@ Est these charges will stop in 1842, in consequence of the cancelling of the lease to the company, and of the new system founded on the law of 17 June, 1840. It is proposed, under the head of Management, to transpose credits from one chapter or credit to others, which are the consequence of a new ar- rangement of services, which you will be able to judge of. We have to mention a branch mail from Tours to Havre, which will supply with advan@@ta@ge the projected line from Nantes to Rouen for the letters from Bordeaux to Havre. We have to mention the transfer in the forest service of the chapter of sundries to the personal of a sum of 50,000f., intended to employ the new forest surveyors in the important work of remeasuring the falls, th@e surveying of the a@menage@mens, and work to be executed in the forests. This measure is in conformity to the wish expressed by the last finance commission. The last part of the budget, relative to repayment and non valeurs, gives an augmentation of 1,334,250f. It proceeds from @an increase in the direct contributions in consequence of the new register of constructions and patents or ad- ditional taxes voted by Municip@al Councils. I come, gentlemen, to unrol before you the exact statement of the charges of the count@ry. The budget presented to you exceeds by 190,000,000f. that which you voted last session. But we have joined to it expenses left out of the budget of 1841 to the amount of 40,000,000f., for which we have been obliged to provide by supplementary credits. With respect to this mass of expenses, which amounts to 1,316,000,000f., the sum of the public revenue, estimated at 1,162,000,000f. according to the results of the present year, offers an insuffi- ciency amounting to 154,000,000f. And it the expenses be c@alculat@@ed according to a peace establishment@@ if, setting ###################### charges, we reduce it to a nominal state the insufficiency of ways ############################# ############################# of the amor- tissement of the ne@w ############# we propose to create. Of all the facts just offered for your meditations, this calls for most attention. A great nation, like ours, can suppor@t accidental charge@s without alarm. And it is with a view to such conti@ngencies, which the current of events will now and then bring back to existence, that ########### care to stre@ngthen credit, which ############## it. But when the ordinary resource@ of a country cease to be on a level with its permanent charges, #################################################################################################################################### it just to limit the right of circulation in favour of the proprietor in just limits, i.@e., restrain it to the produce of his harvest that he destines to his own con- sumption. Beyond this it would be privilege, and ought not to be suffered. The fourth allowed to the seller in detail of his own produce is, for the same reason, to be withheld. A general system, too, with, respect to the sale of spirits in towns ought to be adopted and a new base for the conversion of liquors into alcohol adopted. The sale of tobacco in 1840 has produced 94,458,000f. The estimate of it for 1842 is 96,000,000f. The sale of lands is valued in the estimates of 1842 at 5,357,000f the same as in 1840. We hope from the Post-office 47,025,500f., the same as that obtained in the last twelve months, diminished by a #################### the suppression of Corsican packet-boats. In fine, the different products, in which are included certain special revenues, such as the retribution of the University, and of Algeria, amount to 39,486,582f. This estimate exceeds that of the last budge@ by 740,000f. The aug- mentation proceeds from the estimated value of tenders to be delivered by the War Minister to the war and finance department, and from the increase of the reserve labours, from the expenses of the materiel of marine, venue for 1840. It amounts, as we have already said, to 1,161,838,142f. to be divided thus ################################################################################################################################################################################## now remains to consider the extraordinary ways and means which circumstance, call for, and which form, with the dispositions habitually destined to facilitate the servi@ce, the object of the last chapter of the law of receipts. We ask of you, then, to authorise us to inscribe on the great book of the public debt, and to negotiate with publicity and competition the sum of rentes necessary to bring to the trea- sury, as the result of the op@@eration, a capital of 450,000,000f. You will feel, gentle@men, with what circumspection our ex- planations should be accompanied on this important m@easure@ and what reserve is imposed on us to ensure success, in satis- fying all the conditions which rule operation, of this nature. The facts speak too highly to your judgment and to ours, that we are not called on to justify the great latitude which should be given to the resources placed at the dispo- sition of government. You have acceded that latitude in time@ less difficult. It was in 1837 but a secondary consider- ation@ it is now indisp@@ensible. The loan which we ask of you to authorise should balance, in the first instance, the wants of the treasury, and finally discharge the expenses of public works and the extra@ordinaries for all services. It will be shown to you @immediately that the 4@50,000,000f. will be absorbed by the work@ for which it is required. In all cases the realization of a loan will not he immediate. The Treasury has a reserve which is still 120,000,000f., and it is for a good administration to increase the balance in chest beyond measure, and cause the loss of interest for which n@o adequate compensation can be received. Therefore, we @have not demanded any credit for the service of rentes to be negotiated-we only claim the faculty of creating them, if there be a necessity by royal ordinance without waiting to submit them for legislative sanction at theopening of the cham- bers. As to the choice of rentes to be created, with regard to the price or the periods at which the payments of the loan are to be made, whether we divide the adjudication, or have it done by one affair, it is necessary, gentlemen, that you yield to our ministerial responsibility. The conditions which you might impose, would only create difficulties-your confidence in this respect is an absolute condition of success. We also demand from you a credit of 250,000,000f. in Treasury Bonds. If the peace be con- firmed, as it promises to be, this resource will permit us to wait to realise or complete the loan when our public ########################################################### face, their conduct in fetching engines, which appear so crazy, all the way from Philadelphia, instead of employing our own skilful workmen in their construction, need excite but little surprise. Fortune does not seem to shine on this company, but their shabby conduct towards this city will prevent anybody's feeling sorry for disappointed spe- culators, whose avarice has o'erleaped itself, and fallen on the other side. -Worcester Chronicle. ##################################### -On Tuesday week, an inquest was held at the Horse and Jockey Inn, Newton, on view of the body of Thomas Harrison, a fireman at the Vulcan Foundry. It was the duty of the deceased to attend to the steam engine at Messrs. Tayleur and Co.'s extensive works, and to get up the steam a little before six o'clock every morning. On Saturday he had done so, and went among the ma- chinery for the purpose of putting the strap on the fan used for blowing the blast for the furnaces and black- smith's fires, when his clothes got entangled, and he was dragged into the fan. He was driven round with an amazing impetus for some time, and on each revolution of the wheel, his legs, which protruded over the edge, came in contact with the door, and were literally smashed to atoms. Mr. Dowling, one of the managers of the works, was the first to render assistance. He was much injured about the body, and the fractures about his legs were almost innumerable. The poor fellow was carried home, and promptly at- tended by Mr. Barrow, surgeon, and Dr. Green, of New- ton, Mr. Gorton, surgeon, of St. Helen's, and Mr. Pen- nington, of Ashton. On Sunday morning he became sensible, and for a time appeared to rally. In the course of that day mortification took place, and at his request both legs were amputated by Mr. Gorton, at four o'clock in the afternoon. The deceased bore the operation with great fortitude, and survived until eleven o'clock in the evening, when death ensued. The jury returned a ver- dict of Accidental Death. -Blackburne Gazette. A correspondent has furnished us with the sequel to the history of the uxoriously-disposed Baron von HALL- BERG, whose advertisement for a helpmate we inserted some days back. The bold Baron's word as to his hale- ness of constitution seems to have been taken so literally, that the number of fair applicants who replied occasioned some press of business at the Munich post-office. It is stated that he received upwards of a thousand proposals within a short period. Some waggish editor of a news- paper, we suppose for wags will lurk even in the most steady paced circle@ , alluding to the above-mentioned facts, announced the Baron's intention to give a grand dinner on New Year's Day, to which the fair suitors were one and all to be invited. After grace it was stated that the band would be instructed to strike up the new pa- triotic song on the Rhine, Sie sollen ihn nicht haben, @c. They shall not-shall not have him, @c@ , as the German version goes. ################################ person of the name of Campbell, who was for some time shepherd on the farm of Liaran, and lived with his wife and family in a very remote place in the hill called Cor- ribbachaidh nam Fiadh, being an expert angler, and close to Loc@herrochd-side, very frequently, when his pastoral avocations permitted him, employed his time in fishing on this lake and having one day caught a large trout, he received no unusual thing a slight scratch from its teeth, when he was in the act of extricating the book from its mouth. Of this he took little notice at first but as it bled very profusely, and his hand began rapidly to swell, he hastened home to his wife, and they both tried every means in their power to stop the blood, but to no avail. Baffled and alarmed, the poor wise proposed, as a forlorn hope, that she would go to the Strath for the assistance of others, and having received his concurrence, she started in the middle of the night, and travelled ten miles through a dark and dreary hill, ere she arrived at any human habitation. Greatly fatigued, she came to Llaran about daylight, and, having communicated her alarm, and implored immediate aid, she, in returning, outran the individuals who set out for her assistance@ and, with the speed of lightning, flew back to her beloved hus- band@ But, alas@! what must have been her feelings when she cast her eyes upon the sad spectacle, which, on her arrival, presented itself-the object dearest to her on earth lying pale in the arms of death, and her young fatherless children crying around him? Few, we believe, were placed in more trying circumstances than this un- fortunate female, and her melancholy and early bereave- ment has called forth the sympathy of all who knew her or heard of her sad story@-Perth Courier. The river Tyne, for @a considerable distance above Scotswood bridge, westward, was frozen over on Wednes- day last. The frost has since given way, so that the navi- gation has happily not yet been stopped by the ice.-Tyne Mercury. Lord CREWE is on a visit to Lord and Lady HATHERTON, at Teddesley Park, Stafford, where a dis- tinguished party is assembled.-@Wolverhampton Chronicle. ############################################################# is a specimen of the document. Also, the party proponent doth say and allege that the said Joseph Hill, in the years libelled, was a pa- rishioner and inhabitant within the parish of K-libelled, and did there hear divine service, and receive the sacrament, together with his wife, yearly, or at least ought so to have done, for which there is due and payable to the vicar libelled at Easter, yearly, or near there- abouts, four pence a piece for every communicant, for and in lieu of their general oblations. The vicar, flushed with the success of his first suit, in the January following issued the citation in question for the quarter's tithe then due but the demand being under 10l., the suit was dismissed, as I have before mentioned. The following is Dr. Adda@ms's opinion.- I think that the defendant must appear absolutely. If the libel does not set forth that the yearly value of tithe subtracted exceeds 10l., the defendant must@ object to its admission, and then the court unless, indeed, it directs the libel to be reformed in that respect should dismiss the defendant with costs and so, if when the plaintiff having leave to reform the libel, he can't or does not plead the annual value of the tithe subtracted to be above 10l. If it pleaded that the annual value of the tithe sub- tracted is above 10l., but that fact is not proved in or disproved by the evidence at the hearing of the cause, the result, I apprehend, should at all events be, that the defendant is entitled to his costs, though the plaintiff may prove some tithe subtracted and recover accordingly. Signed J. ADDAMS. Doctor's Commons, Feb. 4, 1840. However the result was, that Mr. Hill could not get costs and the idea o@f the defendant submitting to a suit, until the evidence is taken and the cause heard, is so monstrous, that it is better to yield to an illegal de- mand, than run the risk of incurring 40l. costs. I am, sir, your obedient ######################################## MEETING ON BEHALF OF WIDOW YOUNG. At a meeting held at Monmouth on the 28th of De- cember, for taking into consideration the best means to be adopted for the liberation of the widow, Sarah Young, now a prisoner in the county gaol of Monmouth, where she has been detained seven months for alleged contempt of the Ecclesiastical Court of @Llandaff, whither she was illegally cited at the suit of the Rev. Dr. Lyle, of that place, for 3l. 10s. said to be due for tithe, the following resolutions were adopted - That the citation of a poor widow for a small amount of tithe to an ecclesiastical court, contrary to the act made to prevent such proceedings, is both unchristian and unconstitutional. That the Ecclesiastical Court of Llandaff, which has been in the habit of issuing citations for small amounts of tithe, has displayed a want of respect for the law@ of ################################################## majority than the Liberal party had previously mustered. As for the Jedburgh and Elgin burghs, we have heard nothing to shake our belief that the Reform party is secure @@@both. Apropos of the blunders of the Times @-It states in its number of the @24th November, that in the Scotch burghs Toryism had recently made the most splendid progress. As evidence of this it referred to the municipal elections in Musselburgh, Stirling, Dumbarton, Dunbar, Edinburgh and Glasgow. To persons acquainted with Scot- land, the selection of examples is very significant. Musselburgh has had a majority of Tory council- lors for five or six years through the influence of a single proprietor it is not worse than it was, for the last elec- tions gave three Whigs to four Torics and the weight of the burgh may be judged of from the fact, that it contains less than one-seventh of the electors, in a district where the Liberals have a majority of nearly two to one@! Stirling @has been most unluckily appealed to. Of twenty-one members of council in that burgh, the Tories have not been able to return more, we believe, than one, or at most two! This, mind you, is what the Times celebrates as a triumph@! Of Dumbarton and Dunbar we have no local knowledge, but we may safely concede that the success of the Tories there is of t@he same description as at Stirling. In fact, Conservatism has been losing ground in most of our small burghs. In Linlithgow, for instance, there were just three Tory councillors out of twenty-seven, and these were expelled at the last election. At Glasgow we are told the victory in favour of the church and constitution has been so complete that a Conservative Lord Provost has been unanimously elected, a circumstance which will secure the ascendancy of sound principles in that quarter for many years to come. In point of fact, the two parties stand in Glasgow precisely as they did before that last election, without either gain or loss. They are exactly balanced, or within one vote of being so. In Edinburgh we are told that, at the last elections the Conservatives returned an equal number of coun- cillors with the Liberals. After this the force of menda- city can no farther go! Even those who are familiar with the bold lies of t@he Times will scarcely believe, what is literally true, that of the twelve members returned at the elections last month, three were Conservatives and nine Liberals! Parties remain just as they were, but the Liberals would have gained at least one vote at the last election, if the unhappy schism between t@he churchmen and the dissenters had not occurred. According to the Times, the dissenters began to advo- cate the voluntary principle about fifteen years ago, be- cause they were losing ground, their wealthier members being attracted to the more genteel places of worship belonging to the church. Now, dissenters have multi- plied as fast within the last fifteen years as at any former period, and if they acted from the motive assigned, will the Times be so kind as to tell us why the voluntary re- medy was not resorted to fifty years earlier@? The recent history of the controversy is no secret. The dissenters, seeing establishments everywhere around them in the Christian world, only opened their eyes to the full strength and efficacy of their own principles by slow de- grees. It was about the period mentioned by the Times, or a little later, that the minds of many of their leading clergymen were sufficiently ripened to adopt voluntaryism openly and perhaps we may take some credit to ourselves for this result, the Scotsman having advocated the doc- trine when fit occasions occurred, from the first day of ################################################################################################################################################################### the subject, which ought not to pass with impunity. That this meeting pledges itself, by bringing this par- ticular case before Parliament, by petitioning the Legis- lature, and by using every lawful means, to endeavour to abolish the power usurped by the ecclesiastical courts. That a committee be now appointed, with power to add to their number, with a view to effect the liberation of the widow Sarah Young, who has already suffered seven months' imprisonment for alleged contempt of the Eccle- siastical Court of Llandaff, whither she was illegally cited for 3l. 10s., said to be due to the Rev. Dr. Lyle for tithe. That a subscription for carrying out the above re- solutions be immediately opened. That James Bromage, Esq., banker, Monmouth, be appointed treasurer and Mr. E. Richard@, secretary, who is requested to forward the resolutions to the public paper@.@@ WHO IS THE REV. DR. LYLE@? TO THE EDITOR OF THE MORNING CHRONICLE. SIR-I shall be obliged by your informing me if the Rev. Dr. Lyle, at present before the public respecting the case of the Widow Young, is the same person as the Rev. William Birkin Meakham Lisle, LL.D., of Tally- garn, in the county of Glamorgan, and rector of St. Fagans, near Llandaff, a gentleman of a very large pro- perty. I am, sir, yours, c. Dec. 30, 1840. VERAX. FIRE.-Yesterday morning, about half-past two o'clock, an extensive fire broke out in the bed-rooms of the house of a gentleman, named Seely, near Padding- ton Church. On the alarm having been given the parish engine was taken to the spot by a party of me- tropolitan police this was quickly followed by engines from King-street and Baker-street, but although a ready supply of water was obtained, and the greatest exertions made to arrest the progress of the fire, a considerable portion of valuable property was destroyed. @@The fire originated, it is believed, through a lighted candle having been placed too near the bed furniture. The property destroyed is insured. courses delivered on the subject, and converts were gained the more rapidly in consequence of t@he wide- spread disgust excited by the universal hostility of the established clergy to the Reform Bill. It was now evident that a change had commenced, which promised in course of time to sap all establishments. The church- men took the alarm, and, to counteract the move- ment, started the Non-Intrusion doctrine, which they pretended would cure the admitted vices of the establishment, and give its congregations all the advan- tages enjoyed by the dissenters, with the further benefit of free seats. The Veto law was carried after a struggle, and being now awakened to the formidable attitude which dissent was assuming, they deemed it necessary to resort to offensive measures, and introduced the church extension scheme, the avowed object of which was to crush dissent, by planting a place of wor- ship with free sittings at the side of each dis- senting meeting-house. While this state of things lasted the controversy was hot, and there was a perpetual shower of pamphlets and polemical ser- mons, but Parliament at length knocked the plan on the head by refusing funds. About the same time the cases of Auchterarder and Marnoch brought the church into collision with the courts of law and the wild men, having their thoughts engrossed by another object, and feeling the necessity of enlisting the multitude in support of their schemes, silently dropped their disputes with t@@@he dissenters, and even began to ply them with blarney. The latter were now relieved from the necessity of defending themselves, and the con- troversy of course slackened, but they held, and still hold, meetings from time to time for the dissemina- tion of the voluntary principle, which most certainly never advanced more rapidly than it is doing at t@he pre- sent time. Indeed, the common feeling of the dissenters is, that direct attacks upon the establishment are now little necessary, for the obvious reason that the church, by its rebellious attitude and the arrogance of its preten- sion@, is hastening its own destruction. The dissenters, however, could not see the franchise per@verted into a means of advancing sectarian domination, at their ########################################### yet come for- ward and, if so, nothing but the ill- timed attempt at dis- play by the Anti-Corn-law League can prevent the electors from retaining their independence. It is really pitiable to see men calling themselves Reformers adopting the only course which can defeat their own object. Only think of these men communicating with Mr. Gladstone, in order to ascertain his views upon the corn-laws. Such con- duct indicates either sheer knavery or consummate ig- norance. They must well know that Mr. Gladstone will not vote for a repeal of the corn-laws, and yet they ask him the question, thereby intimating their intention of supporting him, if they can have the slightest pretext for @doing so. Under all these circumstances, there is but one hope left, and that is, that some stern Liberal will yet step forward. I know many of Mr. Lyttelton's friend@s feel deeply mortified that he should be compelled t@o resign, well knowing as they do that the Liberal int@erest cannot afford a division amongst them. ############################################## last, the 22d current, will form an important era in the annals of the Glasgow Asylum for the Blind. On that day Mr. John Alston, primum mobile of this excellent institution, had the satisfaction of exhibiting to a party of 150 an examination of the pupils in the Bible for the Blind, which is for the first time completed in 15 quarto volumes. Amidst the many benevolent persons who have exerted themselves to ameliorate the condition and cultivate the minds of the blind, Mr. Alston is the first gentleman who has succeeded in printing in relief, from the ordinary Roman capital, the characters formerly in use being either arbi- trary, or modification, of the Illyrian or Sclavonic alphabet. At the annual examination of the inmates of the asylum, on 25th October, 1836, Mr. Alston brought out his first specimen of printing from the Roman type and he forth- with resolved to raise a fund distinct from that of the institution, to be devoted exclusively to the printing of books, and to their diffusion at a cheap rate throughout the country. In this appeal to private benevolence and public aid, Mr. Alston was not disappointed, and was enabled successively to bring but a number of elementary works, and finally the@@@ @New Testament in super-royal quarto size. This encouraged him to still further ex- ertion @and @he resolved to undertake the laborious work of printing the whole Bible. In March, 1839, he had completed the Book of Genesis, in a new type cut for the purpose, the punches being struck and the types castst in Glasgow under his own inspection. Before proceed- ing further, he visited in April of that year all the insti-@ tutions for the blind, and he found in them the utmost will- ingness to aid by purchasing such of the different volumes as had been already printed, and were required by them. As the work was one of vast expense@ assistance was given by various benevolent societies, but the great lift was afforded by her Majesty, who, in September, 1839, granted the sum of 400l. from the royal bounty for the purpose of assisting in such a meritorious work. Thus aided, the work, as we have stated, has been happily brought to a conclusion. The printing is effected by a copperplate printing press. The types being strongly relieved, and liable frequently to give way under the heavy pressure required, it has been necessary to have them no less than four times recast during the progress of the work. There is in the operative department one man and a boy as com- positors, who were taught in the institution, and one press- man, the ordinary teacher acting as corrector of th@@@e press. -Glasgow Herald. ####################### Saturday an in- quisition was taken at the George the Fourth, East- road, before Mr. Cooper, coroner of this borough, on view of the body of William Jolly, aged two years The deceased child was the son of an agricultural labourer, aged twenty-six years, residing in Popjoy's-rents. Gas- lane. He works at Chesterton, and his wages amount to only 9s. a week, out of which he has to pay 1s. 6d. a week for rent. He had been out of work lately, and his wife and child were a few weeks since for several days@ literally in want of bread. They have but two blankets, one was pawned in the summer, and the other the poor woman was obliged to pawn on Tuesday, the 22d in- stant, at a time when the deceased child was suffering from illness. That night it became worse, and died in the course of a few hours no medical man was called in@ the poor woman being unable to pay for any assistance of that kind. The family, it appears, sleep @@on a mattress placed on a brick floor, without sheets or blankets, and with no other covering than an old jack, the man's great coat, and the woman's cloak. A post mortem examination was made by Mr. Lestourge@on, jun., from which, and from the other evidence, @the jury came to the conclusion that disease, which @ha@d terminated fatally, had been brought on by@@@@ the inclemency of the weather and the want of suff@@icien@t bed clothing, and returned a verdict ac- cor@dingly@.-Cambridge Advertiser. ################## Wednesday morning the policeman at Fountainbridge, in consequence of informa- tion he had received, entered a house in Inglis' Entry@@, Fountainbridge, the residence of two females, mother and daughter, named Fife. The two females had absconded, but he found on the floor, stark naked, and quite dead, a little girl about eleven years of age, a natural daughter of the younger female. None of her clothes were found about the apartment and several marks, ###### of violence, were observed on her person. The two ##### afterwards apprehended and are still ########### and the affair is under investigation. We ###### that the neighbours allege both prisoners were in the habit especially when intoxicated, of using threatening language towards the child, and of treating her with ################# #####################