[OCR_toInput] 1 d ty is published, THE QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. XLIX. NTENTS.-I. SPANISH DRAMA.-El Tcatro i panol._U. NORTHEUN AFRICA and the NI-T..R- Stateqfl ezzan-Captain Lyon's Travels in northern Africa-Rev. J. Dudley's Dissertation on V.?Jfe nt,ty ? f Ac Niger ami Nile-Ill. The SKETCH l ' KAYOJ G Dent-IV. MILU iaVKV iORCbotGREAT BRITAIN Rise, Pro gress, and Present State ot the ART ot WAR Dupnr, Voyages dans la Grande Bretagne V. The • NIAN.- I. Normandy.-Architecture of the Middle Ages.-Origin of GOTHIC Akchitec-TL'BE-VII. Balwiudder, Annals of the Parish V HI. Mitford's History of Greece IX. PARRV, NORTH-WEST PASSAGE, and POLAR SEA X Scudamore on Mineral Waters XI. LAW of DIVORCE and MARRIAGE in England and Scotland. Printed for JOHN MLRRAY, Albemarle Street, London and sold by OLIVER BOYD, Edinburgh. A YOUNG LADY, O F most respectable connections, and a Native of England, wishes for a situation as GOVERNESS, either in a School, or Private Family. She will instruct her Pupils in French, Drawing, and Oeoouai'iiy, with the common branches of Education. Letters post paid addressed K. Y. care of the Pub lisher, will be answered in a few days. Aberdeen, July 2, 1821. PETERHEAD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. fllHEKEW PROPRIETORS of this LIBRA-JL RY beg to intimate to the Public, that, after re ceiving very considerable additions, it is now ready for circulation. Terms of Subsciiption -For a Year, 12s For Half-H-yoar, 7 -For a Quarter, 4s.-For a Month, 2s. It is the Proprietors' intention, as much as possible, to increase this Library, which already comprehends up ward of 11100 Volumes consistently with the degree of encouragement alfordcd them, so as in every respect, to render it worthy of the attention of persons of taste and learning. In short, they may assure the Subscribers, that neither pains or expense shall be snared for their gratification. . V. Catalogues are now ready for distribution jfprire fid. by George Mu die. Librarian, St. Andrew's Street, who hau always on hand Books in every department of Science and Literature. STATIONARY, in all its branches, c. See. , LOOKS bound in the neatest manner. Peterhead, July 7, 1821. • EXPEDITIOUS TRAVELLING TO LEITH. The TOURIST, Steam Yacht, S AILS regularly from ABERDEEN for LEITH, every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday Morning and from LEITH for ABERDEEN, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday Morning receiv ing and discharging Passengers ofFStonehaven, Montrose, Arbroath, Crail, Anstruthcr, Pittcnwcem, Elic, nnd Dy-sart, all of which the Tourist easily accomplishes in Twelve Hours. Cabin Fare to Leith, 18s-Steerage, 10s.-Intermediate distances in proportion. N.B.-This Company having note made arrangements with the Custom-house, for allowing PARCELS and LIGHT GOODS to be shipped by their Steam Vessels all Goods and Parcels intended to be shipped by this con veyance must be lodged at the Company's Office in Leith, before 12 o'clock on the day previous to the Vessel's sail ing and at Mr D. Copland's, Aberdeen, btfote 2 o' clock. Goods or Packages must not exceed from three to Jour barrel bulk. Time of Sailing in the Morning, and other particulars, may be learned, by applying at the Subscriber's Office, Marischal Street. DAVID COPLAND. Aberdeen, 9th July, 1821. mi.ys jack H LGS leave respectfully to inform tier Friends iu u the Public, that she is now returned from Lon don, with a choice selection of the most fashionable pat terns in MILLINLR and DRESS-MAKING, which she hopes will meet their approbation. Upperkirkgalc, July 10, 1821. TUTOR WANTED, By a Gentleman in the vicinity of Aberdeen, fpO Superintend the EDUCATION of his'Two JL Sons, sixteen and eighteen years of age 11c must be a good French Scholar, and be qualified t Teach Arithmetic and Book-keeping, and the usual branches of Education. The most respectable references will be required as to character and abilities. For Terms, and other particulars, apply to Alexander Thomson, Advocate, Aberdeen. FARM ON COUNTESSW ELLS. There is to be Let, with entry at Martinmas first, rjjpIIE FARM of COLT HILL, comprehending JL part of the Mains of Cour.tcsswellx, which has for several years been in the natural possession of the Pro prietor, and put in hue heart and condition for a Tenant. The contents of the Farm may be about Fifty acres but it can bo extended, more or less, by the af tion of some contiguous Fields, if this is deemed an object by those who wish to offer. A substantial and commodious Dwelling Hoits?,'and Farm Steading, has just been erected by the Proprietor, to which the Tenant will have immediate access, upon dead inventory, without any payment in the way of me lioration. Farther particulars will be learned, by applying to Duncan Davidson. Advocate, with whom offers may be lodged betwixt and the 2d day of August next. N.B. There arc several FIELDS on the .Mains Farm which will be Let together or separately, as offerers may incline. HOUSE AND GARDEN IN SCHOOL-HILL. ■ '■Upset Price Reduced to £700. To be sold, by public roup, in Dempster's Hotel, Aber deen, on Thursday the 80th of August myu, at two o'clock afternoon, II A T Airy and Commodious , DWELLING A HOUSE, in the Kchcol-hiii of Aberdeen, with the Garden and Offices adjoining, which belonged to, and were lately occupied by, the Deceased John 'Gordon, Esq. of Murtle having Gordon's Hospital, and the Hos pital Garden, immediately opposite, or. the North. The House contains Parlour, Dining Room, Drawing Room, and four Bid Rooms, all lately fitted up by Mr Gordon, at cor . dcrable cxpencc besides four Coilm-ceiled Rooms, Closet, Kitchen, Drying Garret, and very ample Cellarage. Convenient Offices are attached and part of the Gar den admits of being Feucd off to great advantage, with front both to the Scliocl-HU and Belmont-street. Apply to Mr Duncan Davidson, Advocate. TRENCH AND IT A LI VN LA X .it AC AS. MR. JAMES 1 5 ATON ' . ' K ESPECTFULLY announces to his employers , and the Public, that he lias IlcafovEI to a Gen teel School Room in Union Street, Second Floor above that Shop lately occupied by Mr Clerihew, where, on .Monday, 30th July, he will Open his SUMMER CLASSES. Private Instructions in Families, and at Mr P. s Class Room, where hours of attendance, and other particulars, may he learned. , . , On Monday, lfith July, between 7 and 8 in the morn ing, he will open a 'LASS lor RATING, in Mr. Baton's Class-Room in the Academy. Number of l'upiis in each French and Italian 'lass will be limited to Six. NEW CATALOGUE or THF. PUBLIC LIBRARY, BROAD STREET. Fin HE Proprietors of this Establishment have just J. published a Now and Extensive CATALOGUE, containing, in addition to the accumulations of former years, every Literary Work of merit, up to the Publica tion of the Catalogue and they beg to assure their Sub scribers and the Public, that they shall strive, by sparing neither attention, labour, nor cxpencc, and by fresh ad ditions to their stock of Books from time to time, to ren der the PUBLIC LIBRARY worthy of their continued am! increased support. N. B. It is requested that the Rules be strictly com plied with, in regard to the time allowed for reading New Books, us otherwise the numerous demands cannot be supplied and as several infringements of the Rule in regard to writing upon, cutting, or otherwise destroying the Books, particularly that of meriting upon, nave lately been observed, the Proprietors earnestly entreat at tention to it. as they are resolved not to pass over, un noticed, such mischievous and wanton amusement. A. BROWN CO.'s, Broad Street. j TO FOR THE JUSTICES OF PEACE ABERDEENSHIRE. FJMIE ABSTRACT of the BRIDEWELL ACT, JL- published by the Commissioners in IfiOR, being now re-printed, Copies thereof, with Forms of Warrant of Commitment, may be had, on applying at tlie Office of Mr Burnett, Belmont .Street. THO. BURNETT, Cute. Aberdeen, July 10, Mil. HOUSE ON DENBURN, FOR SALE. Upset Pi ice Helmed to .-C275.J To be sold, by public roup, in Dempster's Hotel, Aber deen, on Thursday the 30th of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, riMIAT Neat and Commodious NEW HOUSE, it. on the West Bank of the Denburn, with the small Yard, or Bleaching Green in front, as presently occupied by Mr James Reid, Merchant. It contains Dining. Room, Drawing Room, and four Ikd Rooms, besides Kitchen, Wash-house, large Drying Garret, Cellars, and other accommodations in a situation which is airy and pleasant. Apply to Duncan Davidson, Advocate. For Sale, by Public Rovp, ■ -A COMPACT AND DESIRABLE . ESTATE j.v Aberdkrnsbirk. There will be sold, by public roup, within the house of John Dempster, Vintner in Aberdeen, on Friday the 7fii day of September next, at fi o'clock afternoon, A LL and WHOLE the LANDS and ESTATE of COLLY HILL, and MILL LANDS of the tame, MULTURES, TEINDS, and others, belong ing io the Trustees of the Deceased Alex. Rhind, Esq. 11 in the parish of Bourtie. Taw Property consists of- a. r. r-Infield, 63 '2 0 Outfield, 181 3 28 Pasture, - 27 D 0 Wood, 41 52 34 326 I 21 1 lies within two miles of Oldmcldrum, and about the distance from Inverury to both of which places there are excellent turnpike roads from Aberdeen, be sides the Aberdeenshire Canal to Inverury. The Teinds are valued and exhausted, and the Land Tax is redeemed. The Lands hold of a subject superior, for payment of a trifhng duty. The greater part of the price may remain in the hanas of the purchaser for a considerable time, it desired. I or further particulars, apply to Alexander Smith, Advocate, Correction Wynd, Aberdeen. CHEAP AND EXPEDITIOUS TRAVELLING BETWEEN ABERDEEN ANI LKITXI. THE ABERDEEN, LEITH, CLYDE SHIPPING CO.'S STEAM YACHT, V E LOG I T Y, JAMES BELL, Commander, S AILS for NEWHAVEN near LEITH, on Fri day Morning, at fi o'clock precisely, and will call off Stonehaven, Montrose, Arbroath, Crail, Anstruther, Elie, and Dysart. The Velocity will continue to sail regularly from Aberdeen every Monday, Wednesday, anti Fri day and from Ncwnavcnj every Tuesday, Thurs day, and Saturday, receiving and discharging Pas sengers at the above Ports. Aberdeen, Leith, cj Clyde Shi . Co's. Office, Ilf July, 18 ESTIMATES WANTED, FROM MASONS AND CARPENTERS, 7 011 BUILDING a WASHING HOUSE at l BRIDEWELL. Thu Mans and Specifications will be seen in the hands of -Mr Burnett with whom Estimates must be lodged on or before the 18th instant. Aberdeen, July 10, 1821. WANTED, L FEW Good HANDS in the CABINET LINE. Apply to John Bartlett, Cabinet Maker and Upholsterer, Union Street. V A LU A BLE PROP I! RTY f TIIE GALI.OWGATF., Foil SALE. To be Sold, by Private Bargain. rgMIAT excellent DWELLING HOUSE, with k the Two GARDENS, OFFICES, and PERTI NENTS, on the East side of the Gallowgate of Aber deen, formerly belonging to Mr George Cruiekshank-and now occupied by Charles Bonnor, Esq. The House is very commodious, ami was substantially repaired a few years ago and the Garden extends to the summit , of the Port-hill, from which there is one of the finest views around Aberdeen. The r l itle Deeds are in tile hands of Messrs. Stevenson and Scott, . S. Edinburgh, to whom, or to Messrs. Lumsden, Advocates, Aberdeen, application may be made for farther particulars. FOR SALE, BY PRIVATE BARGAIN, P'EpIIA7 HOUSE, with the STABLES and vacant JL GROUND, possessed by George Gipson, Sta bler, lying in the Close leading from the head of Broad ' Street to the North Street. 'Flic property is very centrical, and will always com mand good Tenants. On the vacant Ground several Houses might be erected. George Gibson will shew the Property and for farther Dii.0-At Cromarty, upon tht- A tl. nit the iiv . Ai.ex. M'Leod, Minister of the Gaelic Chapel there His memory will long live in4he hearts of his congre gation, to whom his fervent piety and affectionate de meanour amongst them rendeicd him most dear. At Edinburgh, on the 25th ult. Mrs. Margaret Graham, relict of Alex. Bower, Esq. of Kinculdrum, in the 83d year of her ago. Died, at Montrose, on Sunday last, Mr Andrew Mearns, Shipmaster, and for many years Shorpmas-ter at that port. Died, at School-house of Mortlach, on the 1st July, after a lingering illness, Andrew ICinnaikd, Surgeon, Gardcnstcwn, aged 32, greatly lamented by his friends and numerous acquaintances. At Viewiield Cottage, near Inverness, on the 25th ult. John Noble, Esq. of the India House, London. At Edinburgh, on the 1st curt Miss Mooitr. Grant, youngest daughter of the late Rev. James Grant, mi nister of Laggan. We are happy to observe, that the Gentlemen of this city and county, with that loyalty and public spi rit which has ever been their characteristic, intend to celebrate the day appointed for the Coronation of Ifis Majesty, by a Public Dinner on the occasion. The Right Hon. Lord Forbes has been invited to take the 'hair supported l v the Lord Provost of the City and the meeting, it is expected, will comprize.all the principal landholders and gentlemen of the district.-Preparations, we understand, are likewise making in all quarters of the country, for celebrating the day, by ap propriate marks of festivity. The Treasurer of the Aberdeen Auxiliary Bible So ciety lately received, by the bauds of Mr Wm. Simp son, in Corse, Forgue, the sum of LG 8s. as a remit tance from the Bible Association in the parishes of Forgue and Drumblade. London Missionary Society.-We understand that the Itev. Mr Leifciiild, from London, is ex pected to advocate the cause of this Society in this. City, cn Sabbath next and to preach, in the forenoon, in the Frederick Street Chapel in the afternoon, in the. Burgher Chapel, Union Street and in the even ing, in tlie George Street Chapel. When it is consider ed that this Society is the Parent and Stem of Mis sionary Establishments that the labours-of ifs Mis sionaries have been of so much importance in South Africa, in India, ai.d especially in the South Sea Islands and that it lias, during last year, expended three thou sand six hundred pounds beyond its receipts, and come under very weighty obligations for the current year, it is to be hoped our fellow-citizens will come forward, with their wonted liberality, in support of such an important Institution. We have been requested to contradict a paragraph which appeared in our last, as to the crowded state of the Mail Coach between this place and Banff, and which was sent to us by a gentleman residing near Old Meldrum. We are now informed, from the best au thority, that the Coach lias repeatedly, of late, per formed her journey with a single passenger and this statement receives confirmation from the circumstance that the contractors for the Day Coach, called the Earl of Fife, were under the necessity of relinquishing that concern, after a sacrifice of £600 to £'700, actual loss, within the last year. The Tourist, Steam Yacht, not having arrived ot her usual time, on Monday evening, occasioned consider able anxiety to the friends of the numerous passengers on board. By a letter from Leith, we understand, the detention was occasioned by one of the boiler plates giving way, and damping the fire-a circumstance tlie recurrence of which is now effectually provided against. She is expected here this evening, and w ill sail, as usual, on Thursday.-See ndn. On Wednesday, tlie 28th June, the Rev. Mr Mar shall, formerly assistant to Mr Mollcson of Montrose, ABERDEEN SHIPI'iNG. a n n i i • July 3.-Albion, Newton, fciurderland Maxwell, Burgos, doi Ciimonmogate, Anderson, do. 4. Rose, Phillips, do. Margaret, Loggnn, do. Charleston, An-nftnd, do. Linnet, Weddel, Rye Brornby, Middle-top, Hull. 5. Alpha, Anderson, Wemyss Tourist, Brin, Leith- Sophia, Willfnmwon, Wick' Swift, Alex ander, .Sunderland Friends' Increase, Hobson, do. Ve locity, Bell, Leith, fi. Expert, Leslie, London Regent, Turner,do. Mary,Gordon, Dysart Osr.ian, Bruce, Sun derland Union, Greig, do. Marquis of Himtly, Dr.rid-son, Leith Clyde Packet, Weir, Glasgow Flora, Loftcl, Dingwall. 7 Tourist, Bain, Leith Dee, Mof fat, Rotterdam Friendship, Spinks London Sophia, Sinclair, Leith 'Velocity, Bcl'l, do. Flora. Sinclair, London. 8. Huddleston, Mslntty, Sunderland Hen ry and William, Alien, do. Johnston, Walker, do, Aberdeen Packet, I err T London L. C. Hamilton, Gal loway, Sunderland Maria,- L'argic, do. Briton, Kirk-hope, do. Jean, Bathcw, London. P. Dima, LirAlat-te , Sunderland Ann, Stephan, Peterhead Vine, White, Sunderland Dolphin, Morice, Yarmouth. 10. Thecphilus, Ruticy, Sunderland Perth, Seller, n . . Ceres, Your.fr, Ineerkeithing Sir William W.w ec, Anderson, M iramiehi. SAILED-July 3-Champion, Cran, London Cato, Davies, do. Allies, 31 ess, do. Industry, McDonald, Sunder land Velocity, Bell, Lath. 4. Waterloo, Reid, Lon don Edward, Masson, Sunderland Alpha, Wood, Bullers of Buchan. 5. Juno, Blev.es, Dundee Indus trious Mary, Lyall, Sunderland B H, Fintray, Ar broath 'Tourist, Bain, Leith Thetis, Crutchlv, Lon, don. fi. Velocity, Bell, Leith Counters of Elgin, Still, Montrose Eliza, West, Newcastle Perseverance,' Greig, Shcerm-ss Linnet, Vadell, Sunderland Tou rist,'Bain, Leith. 7- Mansfield, Morison, London Wellington, Gilbertson, Hull Triumph, Findlay, Lon don .George Ann, Davidson, Sunderland Charleston, ' Annand, do. Superb, Mathcson, London. 8. Flora, Loftcl, Bc.auly Velocity, Bell, Leith. 8. Friendship, Spinks, Wick Newcastle, Leslie, Newcastle Lord Iluntly, Philips, Spey Marquis ofHimtly, Davidson, Leith Alpha, Anderson, Kirkcaldy Eliza, Suther land, Bullers of Buchan. Commerce, Anderson, at London, 1st inst-Superior, Duncan, at do. 4th do. ' Eliza, West, at Newcastle, 8th instant. Asia, Morice, at New South Wales, 28th Decem ber, 1820. The Earl of Aberdeen, Ligertwood, arrived at Mi-ramichithe 20th May, in 30 days frtnn Dublin states the fallowing particulars of Aberdeen vessels The Pilot, Law, arrived thereabout the 10th'May, and on tlie 1st June iiad on board a tier of timber a-bovc the beams, and expected to be ready in a week afterwards. At this dale, the progress of tlie undermentioned vcss.Vi in loading was as follows Harmony, Murray, half loaded. Ceres, liait, a tier above the hold beams. Margaret, Aiken, nearly full below the beams. Canada, Cooper, begun to load. Louisa, Oswald, about 20 tons on board. lieilhei lowd nor pun-d-J.o w.. .•pp .U .tr. hk -by human sufterings, and paiticipau-d little in hu v,..ti joys. This insensibility was. one of the causes of his wonderful success and it was, no doubt, ime of the reasons of his rapid descent. He never had, perhaps, a real friend and os he never felt sympathy, he ne -v inspired it. He commanded admiration he inspires the greatest zeal in his service hc eonirou'ed the mi.u s of his adherents and he exercised aq empire over them, which was quite unparalleled. But lie creat ed no attachment and the ruble fidelity w hich saute? of his followers shewed to him ir. his adversity, Was the homage which a mind like his could exact from generous natures but it was rot afieciion. As u his military talents they arc so deeply engraven on the brazen'tablet oi' fame, that it would show 1c -, stupid ty, than the envy of a. base spirit, to deny them. But t was in his capacity of Ruler, that die hardness of his character displayed itself chiefly. Then his solita rv nature was most conspicuous. With a capacity for government, of tfip highest order with a command over the vast resource of the Empire winch he. had formed, greater titan Sovereign ever possessed with an activity that never reposed yet he did little fci !ie happiness of France and even the monuments of his reign, which were erected to his own pride, do fcot at all correspond with tlie resources which be had at his disposal. The nation, instead of being ifeincd bv him, was depressed by his genius-the lofty sentiment wu crushed the pride of individuality was extinguished and the spirit, though not tlie harshness, of eastern despotism was displayed in his Government. From his elevated throne he looked down only upon croud - • ing slaves. He conferred upon them titles and ho nours, and dignities but they were badges of servi tude they conferred no real dignity of mind thev imparted no conscious pride and they served ordv b v their decorations o #d wealtii u swell tlie pomp of his Court. The principle of Ins Government was self -ness and we qre compelled to say, whilst we are im posed to do ample justice to his extraordinary t en3 , that he did not make use of it in such n manner .v ought to give him a title to the gratitude of mankip.i. It is affirmed that Sir Hu ■Ison l-O'.V'.'s orlrjs i1 Oovprnnsent-are, tliat he shall brim horns' , Bonaparte, in tlie largest ship of tin ii ir or tla- statieti. If this account,be true, the report afj,. Intemtentw rot corree'tvof course. Every due Milioiir vjll ho i 0 his remains and itho' an inexorable policy con.pelled the British Government to treat him, when niive, ami in their power, with a rigour entirely foreign to its character, they will act with their customary genero sity, now that the death of this singular man has re leased thorn from the painful duty which circumstances imposed upon them.. The sensation produced by the death of Bonaparte will be coufincd, in this country, to its effect as a relief to our finances, the cxpencc of his custody at St. He lena being little short of 1100,000 per annum. In France,'tlie sentiment w ill he mole deep, and perhaps • not altogether aci t sv t i lr iro. Aimwell, Morrison, a tier above the beams. The Venus, Anderson. Mary Ann, Moore Juno, j no altogether so easy, to define. Henderson Patriot, Troup and Earl of DnUiouue, 1 Livie, arrived at Quebec, the 14th May. j Toe Queen having demanded to be heard by counsel The Sufibile, Captain Smith, from Dublin, tc St. in support of her right to be crow ned at tlie arm w' l OtU 1 1 l s.l. . John's, N. B. went on shore'on Cape Sable, 12th j ing solemnity on the 19th instant, the request to bo May. Passengers and crew saved also, the cargo, j so heard, before the Privy Council, has been granted l v his Majesty • and accordingly, on Thursday last, at tort o'clock, the Privy Council assembled at Whitehall fer was r-dained to his charge at Swallow-Street Chapel, London, to which he had received an unanimous call. On Wednesday of last week some inconsiderate per sons lighted a fire near the corn yard of Newfield in Boss-shire, the property of Mr Davidson of Findhorn, with the intention of scaring crows, which were be coming destructive among the stacks. The fire soon fioSSr be nmde to Wm ' Smith I comm u .dcatiti w ilhpart of the corn yard, and before 1 it was possible to extinguish it, nearly five large stacks of wheat were consumed, estimated at about 30 bolls each. St. Peter's market was held at Forfar on Wednes day. It has not been so thinly attended for 4 years. Cattle were much lower in price, and tlie sale heavy. Best quality, 7s. per stone inferior, C's. Cd. The depression was owing in a great measure to the scar city of grass occasioned by the extreme drought damaged. It is reported she will not be got ofiT but her materials will be saved. The Alexander, Booth. Fairfield, Work Monarch, Martin and Granite, Scorgie, arrived at St. Joint's, N. B. 10th May, from Aberdeen. The Pallas, Moil , arrived at Lcchalsh tlie 26th ult. to take out emigrants for Cape Breton. The Fairly, from Liverpool to Stornoway, founder ed off the isle of Skye. 'Hie Sir William Wallace, Anderson, arrived from Miramichi on the Oth hist, after a passage of. 5 weeks, and reports the Aimwell, Morrison Ceres, Ilaitt I'iloi, Law and Suspcnce, nearly loaded. the purpose. Tlie Council was the fullest that has been held for many years, comprising the Dukes of York and Clarence, the Cabinet Ministers, and about thirty oilier Peers, besides the Judges. After reading her Majesty's Memorial to the King, of which a copy is subjoined, Mr. Brougham addressed the Council Vn support of Her Majesty's right, which lie chiefly rest ed on the fact that no married King of this country had ever been crowned without his consort partakin r of the solemnity. Where this had not taken place. MONEY TO BE LENT. II REE Sums of £200, on heritable securities.-JL Apply to William Smith, Advocate, Netlierkirk-SIIOOTING QUARTERS. IVanted, for two or three Yount Gentlcmci , npiIK PRIVILEGE of SHOOTING MUIR JL GA31E, for the first 10 or 14 days of the ensuing Season, on Grounds in the Counties of Aberdeen or Banff. Any Gentleman who can give the accommodation Tlie census of the town and parish of Dundee, pre sents the following results -Town and suburbs-wanted, wfiere tolerable sport may be expected, will be j males, 12,690 females, 15996 in the country part A 1 CONTRACTORS ARE WANTED, rjRO CUT about 2000 Ells of Large Open Ditches, fe_ and some Covered Dnnixs and also to Fare and Bu.-n from Two to T hree Acres of Moss Ground, on the Farm of NETHERTON, parish of Cairn'cy, Intending Contractors for executing the work, are re quested to attend there on Friday, the 20 h current, when an agreement will be made witn those whose Estimates av men accepted of. For further information, inquire at Messrs. George Hern, at Netherton or Thomas Shier, in Iluntly. Not to be repeated. nOUBOF SAW-MILL MACHINERY TOOLS, Ac. TO BE LET, To one or more Tenants, for 19 or 21 tyeors, BOUT 30 ACRES of IMPROVE ABLE _ GROUND, in the HILL of MURTLE. There is an excellent Dwelling House and Offices, newly erect ed, and a good Road leading from the Turnpike. The Proprietor will trench and inclose the whole of the ground-the Tenants paying interest for the expense titereof. Every encouragement will be given to indus trious Tenants'with some capital and none but such need apply. j'oibes Craighead, Grieve at Murtle, will point out the Ground and offers are to be given in to the Pro prietor, at Murtle, betwixt this and the 8th day of Aug. on which day the Ground will be Let. TO CARTERS. Wanted, CONTRACTORS fbr REMOVING the STONES from about eleven Acres of TRENCHED GROUND on the Hili. of Muuti.k, to the extremity of the Fields where tlie D kes arc to be built. Forbes Craighead, Grieve at Murtle, will point out the boundary lines to which the Stones are to be removed j and petsons willing to contract for the whole, or any part of the Work, may attend at Murtle, at 12 o'clock neon on the 20th instant. July 11, 182!. treated with, on liberal terms, by communicating with of the parish-males, 373 females, 1011 -giving James Grant, Advocate in Aberdeen. a total, for the town and parish, of 30,575, The re turn in 1811 was 29,71G. The number of inhabited houses, is said to be 2651 of families, 7704 of houses building, 17 of houses uninhabited, 105 of families chiefly employed in agriculture, 307 of families chiefly employed in trade, manufactures, and handicrafts, 422.3 of all other families, .9174. The population of the town and parish of Inverness has just been ascertained, and amounts to 12,194.-In 1811 it was 11,600,-giving an increase of only 594. In 1811 a woollen and a thread manufactory were in PLEASANT SITUATION FOR VILLAS, In the neighbourhood of Aberdeen• QEVERAL FIELDS, on the LANDS of FOUN-TAINTIALL, are intended to be FEUE1 for j Building and will be given off in such quantity as can be agreed on. In ali the fields there is an inexhaustible supply of ex cellent Spring Water, a few feet under the surface tlie ground Iks on a good exposure to the South, and shelter ed from tile North. It is within twenty minutes walk of the centre of the town, and yet has all the retirement of the Country. Apply to Alexander Copland, Advocate, Queen Street. LIGHT POST COACH. To be sold, by public roup, at Village of Mor.ymusk, on Monday next, the lfith July curt., A Quantity of SAWS, WHEELS, PULLEYS, and other MACHINERY nnd TOOLS, of va-liiuts sorts, lately used in and about the Saw.Mill at Monymusk. Muny of the Articles are of excellent quality, and well worth the attention of Carpenters,-Wopd Sawyers, and others in want of such. T he Roup to commence exactly.at 12 o'clock mid-day. Credit, on security. A- COOPER, Auctioneer. Monymusk, 9th July, lfi 21. BEAUTIFUL VILLA, AND GUO UNI , to ni soiio And FARM to be t.tr. TO THE CREDITORS Of PrTKi Disks, late Merchant in Crdntovm. M R. INNES having lately died, leaving various matters unsettled, all those to whom he was any ways indebted at the time of his death, are, particularly requested to meet within tlie ollice of Joint Forsyth, Writer in Forres, on Wednesday the lfith July'cmt. at 12 o'clock noon, in order to determine on some general measure respecting the disposal and management of his Estate. Such as cannot attend personally arc earnestly' solicited to authorise some person to act for them. Forres, July 9, 1021. Not to be repeated. ■ . i rSAHAT delightfully situated COTTAGE, called 1 FONT-HILL, near the mouth of the lfi.e-pre-setttly possessed by Major Fisher With a complete Garden and Hot-hcnise, stocked with every flung useful for a Family and w,tiled round in the most substantial manner. T he Cottage contains Dining and Drawing Rooms, with Sleeping Apartments, Ac. suitable for the aecom. mrxlation of a family besides W asli-housel Stable, ore. with an abundant supply of fine Spring Water at the door. It combines the advantages both of a Town and Country Residence, bting not more than fifteen minutes walk from the Market Cross and having excellent air. K.T- a most delightful view of the Town and Bay of Aber deen, and of the surrounding country, for a great man s. IP's ides the Cottage and Garden, there are about Two Acres of Ground. The whole will he sold by private bargain arid mat be viewed oil Monday's or Saturday's, from 12 to 1 o'clock. . Particular may he learnt, by applying to Georgt W Ison, Advocate in Aberdeen or Dr Dyce, the Pro prietor. COMPACT AND DESIRABLE FARM, Within, four nil's of Aberdeen. The FARM of OUTTLEHILL, in tlie Parish ol N'-whills. on the Old Skene Road, immediately adjoin, ire to Whitetnyrek-consisting of upwards of'Jit Acres 74 of which are Arable, and in a high state ot cultiva •ion, and sub-divided by substantial Stone Dykes, int 20 Parks of various sizes which have for some yean been in Grass, and may now bo broke up with conside rable advantage to an incoming tenant. The whole wifi be let to a substantial tenant on advantageous terms. If these Lands are not let in one Farm, within three mouths, they will be divided into such Lots as tenants may incline, and on such leugth of Lease as may b . agreed on. _ - ,, Apply r td ove, to Mr Wilson. or Hr Dyce, the 1 to V io t '. HOUSE, fxc. TO BE SOLD. -• . n There will be sold, by public roup, withm the Lemon Tree Tavern, Aberdeen, upon Friday the 27th July curt, at 6 o'clock in the evening, rj'UlAT DWELLING HOUSE and SHOP, with H the Pertinents, situated oti the East Side of tli Correction Wynd of Aberdeen, formerly belonging to the deceased Marjory Duncan, and now.to her Trus tees, and presently possessed by Tliotr.as Coe ,, who will shew the premises. The title deeds and articles of roup are in.the hands of Joint Smith, Advocate, Gallowgatc, to whom for furthei information, application may he made. full employment in Inverness,-both which are now given up. The operations of the Canal were also car rying on in the immediate neighbourhood of the town, which are now completed. These works caused a great population in 1811, and are some of the reasons why the increase is so small. Population or the Town of Arbroath-exclu sive of the country part of tlie parishes, 8714. 1811. 1821. Increase. Birmingham, -81,253 101,128 19,870 Sunderland, ~ -25,180 80,882 5,702 Whitehaven, ~ - 13,367 16,396 3,209 Lancaster, 9,247 10,144 897 The Annual General Meeting of tlie Forbes Lodge of True Caledonians was held in tlie Town Hall of Old Meldrum, on Monday the 25th nit. After exa mining tiie Funds of the Lodge, which were found to have accumulated iu a most satisfactory manner, it anti the exceptions were very few it had arisen from Harmony, Murray and Margaret, Aiken, two-thirds peculiar circumstances. The learned Counsel cited loaded Earl of Aberdeen, Ligertwood, half-loaded j the several cases, from the Saxon Chronicle and other Louisa, Oswald, one-third anil Canada, Robison, j authorities as far back as the coronation of Richard one-fourth loaded. The Alexander, Hogg, not begun ! the First, and down to that of George the First. He concluded a very elaborate speech at 2 o'clock, when the Council adjourned till Friday, on which day he resumed his argument, and was followed by Mr. Den man, after which tlie Privy Council again adjourned till Saturday, when they heard the Attorney and Soli citor General in reply. Mr Brougham 'afterwards i load. PETERHEAD SHIPPING. AKItlKKn. Jnly-1-Mary, Henry, London Catherine,Murray, Newcastle Charles, Reid, Sunderland, fi. Bart, Hall, Sunderland. fl!' j I Tuesday, on which they meet to deliberate and givo ■J judgment. The question of the Queen's right to par heemess take in the solemnity of Coronation, w as denied by tlie Lnrk, Brodis, Newcastle. 9. Agunora, Berwick, Ise- ! Attorney-General to have the least foundation either SA ILK II. July 3-Fortitude, Hilson, Sheerness. Murrison, St. David's Nimrod, Anderson, 4. Venus, Sheerness dale Expert, Stephen, Fraserburgh Ann, Stephen, Aberdeen Dart, Hall, Spey. .SOUND LIST. June 20.-Bruce, Greig, Ilavannah, Pctwsburgh, t sugar. 22. -Union, Ord, Cromarty, do. ballast. 23. -Laurel, Reid, Petersburg! , Jersey, cor dage. .-Ocean, Brown, Mctliel, London, timber. The Nicholas, of Aberdeen, Capt. James, Pithoy, from Iiuvannah, bound to St. Petersburg! , is arrived, and performs four days quarantine. Belt our, Ellah, Rain als, Co. in law or usage. QUEEN'S MEMORIAL. postscript. rp HE Inhabitants of Oi.n Dkku, Stricken, Long-11 side, and Neighbourhood, have long complained, that when they had occasion to he in Aberdeen, to settle Bank or other business, they could not gut in by the Mail Coach sooner than two o'clock, which is after the hour of business, and were therefore put to the expence of being two nights in Aberdeen Guay and J affray, Proprietors of the Aberdeen and Peterhead Telegraph, therefore, beg to inform them, and the Public in general, that they are to htavt a LIGHT POST COACH, on Thursday the 19th ir.st. to leave Mintlaw every law ful morning, at a quarter past Jive o'clock, and meet tiie Telegraph Coach ut Birness Toll Bar, on the road lead ing from Peterhead to Aberdeen when Passengers, who have come with said .Mintlaw Light Post Ccacfi, will lie conveyed to Aberdeen hv the Tilcgraph and the Mint- was agreed upon to reduce the entry-money to one-law Light Post Ccac.h will be ready waiting in die after-1 half of the midi which was paid last year and the election of Office-bearers took place as follows, viz. THOMAS SIMPSON, President. Gf.o. Patf.rson, Vice-President. John Gray, Dean James Cruiekshank, treasurer, pro tempore J James Milne, secretary Krskine Maitland, champion Alexander Bruce, James Mor gan, stewards James Milne, Bethelnie, John Cowie-son, Peter Davidson, Alexander Hendry, Benjamin Troup, Joseph Chrystie, Alexander Manson, Alex. Rannie, pro tempore, counsellors John Barber, clerk John Davidson, officer. After the procession, there was a dinner and ball ami the company spent the evening In their usual good humour. DEATH OF BONAPARTE. Dispatches have been received from St. Helena, which contain tlie important intelligence of the decease of Bonaparte. lie expired on Saturday, the 5th of May, about six o'clock in the evening, of a lingering illness, which had confined him to lii.s bed for upwards of forty days. noon, to receive Passenger from the Telegraph, and will reach Mintlaw at seven same evening by which means,! people having Bank and other business to settle in Aber deen, will have four hours in the forenoon to do it, and be at their own homes same day. Inside Passage from Mintlaw to Aberdeen, Is. Outside, 5s. Small Parcels 4d., ancl larger ones proportionally, i Passengers will receive Tickets for Mmtjiaw, upon calling ut Wm. Gray's, Frederick Street. N.B. The Telegraph starts from A m. Gray',s, Fre derick Street, every afternoon, exactly at a putrter before three. and from J as. J aff ray's Ilu.tef, Peterhead, at half-past Jive every morning. TURBOT . r ILLbe sold at a Cellar in the Sugar-house Y ▼ Close, between 10 and 2 o'clock This l .iy and every day there are any caught. Fish of 7 lb. and under, 2s. fid. each. All above that weight, 4d. i lb. Quay, July 11, 1021. TORS Wanted, for FORMING and ING Two Miles of ROAl , conmvne-TO ROAD MAKERS.' C ONTRACTO j METALLIN ing near RaTmoir, and joining die Detsiutu Turnpike ut the Church of Upper Banchory. A Plan and Specification will be seen at Raemoir, where offers will be received. FARM TO BE LET. To be Let, by public roup, at Bervic, on Monday thv 27th of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, jnilE Farm of LAUGIK, in the parish of KinnefK Li consisting of about 1 Iff acres Arable Land and Yards 1 2 acres Pasture and about 5 0 acre's of AluL Ground. This Farm is inclosed and subdivided wit! •-tone dykes and lies on the side erf the turnpike road be-eweert Bervie and Stonehaven, being 3 mins from tin former, and 7 miles from the latter place. The greate part of the Farm ic presently in Grass. Further particulars will be given by Mr Brand, Writer Stonehaven nr David I ouson, Town-clerk, Arbroath. Arbroath, 7th July, 1821. N O T I C E. HPIIE Creditors of JAMES ROBERTSON JL Bogforth, parish of Cairnpy, arc requested to met within the Gordon Arms Inn, Iluntly, oh Tuesday th 17th current, at 12 o'clock noun, to see a Statement of hi? Affairs, and to concei t what may be the most proper mea sures to adopt for the interest of all concerned. Thos who cannot attend, will cither give in a state of thei Claims, on the day of the meeting, or transmit them, pre vious thereto, to the said James' Robertson. BogJ'y. th. hth July.- 1J.JJ CELEBRATION OF 0 3 fHajestp'3 Coronation TOWN AND COUNTY OF ABERDEEN. T is proposed to Celebrate the. CORONATION, by . a Fabric Dinner, on Thursday the lilt i of July current, under the direction of The Right Hon. LORD FORBES, And the LORD PROVOST of the City of Aberdeen. Loud Foubes in the Chair. On this oceus'um, it is hoped that os many Gentlemen nf the Town and County as conveniently can, will be present. Those who mean to attend, will ph ase leave their names .cith the Keeper of the Court House, or at the Athcu-rum, on or before Monday the HIM, at 2 o'clock, when t General Meeting will take place, iu the Saloon of the Court House, to nominate Stewards far conducting the accessary arrangements. Dinner, at 5 o'clock, on the terms of an Ordinary, at inch Flare as will be afterwards notified. Aberdeen, 10th July, 11121. , ... -w Slberfccen. WEDNESDAY, July 11. Died, at Forfar, on the 25th ult. PlTF.R Rankfk, T. .q. Sheriff-Sti-lMilute of luwiVshire. aged 78, CHARLES JAMIESON, WATCH MAKER, AND DEALER IN Ol'TICAL AND MATHEMATICAL INSTRUMENTS, CASTLE STREET, ABERDEEN, B EGS leave most respectfully to announce to the Nobility, Gentry, and Public of Aberdeen, his re turn to his Native City, and that he has Opened that Shop, in the Corner of the Town House, opposite th Plain Stones, where he intends earning on the above Also, Chime, Table, and Repeating CLOCKS. And having had many yearn experience in the first Houses in London, he flatters himself that he will, be able to serve those who may please to employ him, to their entire satis faction and trusts, that his attention and assiduity in business, will ensure a share of the public patronage.-Likewise, has to intimate, that he CLEANS and RE PAIRS French MUSICAL CLOCKS, WATCHES, and SNUFF BOXES. MATHEMATICAL INSTRUMENTS Furnished on the shortest notice, and warranted. C. J. with due deference, mentions, that the Stock of Goods lie has now on hand, are well worthy the inspec tion of the public. Orders from the Country will be punctually at tended to. -Dealers supplied on the most liberal terms. He desired that after his death his body should be opened, as he suspected lie was dying of the same dis ease which had killed his father, namely, a cancer in the stomach. Oil opening the body, this was found to lie correct, as a cancer had actually taken place.-He was sensible till the last day, and died without pain. During the first four weeks of his illness, it did not assume any dangerous appearance, though he appear ed himself to be conscious that it would terminate fa tally. During the last, fortnight it was evident to all the medical attendants that he could not recover. It is said lie gave directions abouf his affairs and papers till five or six hours before lie died, having retained his senses till that period. He said ho had wished to be opened, in order that his soil might be informed of the nature of liis disease. The body was opened by his own surgeon. lie has left a w ill, which, with his other papers, have been, or will be, transmitted to this country. lie was born in August, 1769. The dispatches were brought by Captain Crpkat of the 20th regiment. They were immediately commu nicated to all the Ministers, and to tlie Ambassadors, by whom couriers are understood to have been di patched to their different Courts. It has been supposed that the Heron, which brought the dispatches, also brought the body of Bonaparte to England but this, we understand, is not the case, He himself requested, when convinced that his disoi'-dc Toths King's Most Excelient Majesty, ik Council Assembled. The Memorial of her Majesty the Q c n sheweth, that your Majesty has, by your Royal I'mckmatier, j bearing date at Carlton.house, the 9th day of June in?-., declared your royal -oill and pleasure to celebrate the rv -lemnity of your Iioyal Coloration upon Thursdr tile Blth day of July next, at your Palace at Westminster, but that directions have net been given for the Coronation of tlie Queen, as hath heretofore been accustomed on the like occasions. That divers of your Majesty's subjects, by ancient customs and usages of these realms, as also in regard of divers tenures, of sundry manors, lands, ar.d other here, ditaments, do claim, and are bound to do and perform divers services on tlie day and at the time cif the Corona-tion of the Queens Consort of these realms, as in times S recedent their ancestors and those from whom they claim avedone and performed at the Coronation of the Queens Consort in times past That the Queen most dutifully claims, as of right, to celebrate the ceremony of her Koval Coronation, and to preserve, as well her Majesty's said right, as the a-foresaid lawful rights and inheritances of others your Ma jesty's subjects. The Queen respectfully prays that your Maiesiv will be graciously pleased forthwith to issue your Koyaj Pro clamation, thereby to apisrmtthc same liith July next, at Westminster aforesaid, to celebrate the ceremony of her Coronation as the Queen Consort of your Majesty, end to direct that all such as by the said customs and usages and tenures are bound to do and perform tire services a-foresaid, do duly give their attendances accordingly, at the said day and time of the Coronation aforesaid, in all respects furnished as to so great a .solemnity appertair.-cth, and answerable to the dignities and places which eve ry one of them hoidtth and enjoyeth arid further, that your Majesty will be graciously' pleased to issue your Koyal Commission under your Great Seal, appointing your Commissioners to teceive, hear, and determine, the petitions and claims which shall be made to then iu-tkis behalf. And the QUEEN, c. Paris journals to the 1st inst. have been received.-The Legislative Chambers pre still sitting. The com mittee of the lower house, on the proposal for continu ing the censorship on the French press, lias recom mended that this restriction n liberty be no longer continued. It raointains that there are laws sufficient to repress the licentiousness of the press, without this previous vassalage, or that such might be enacted. Tlie news from Turkey continues of the usual vague and uncertain description, as there are no gazettes printed in that quarter. Tlie Austrian Observes, printed at Vienna, on tlie lfith ult. says, that accord ing, to accounts from Bucharest of the 3d, the head quarters of the Turkish army, which had entered Wd-iachia under the orders of Hadschi Amecl Pacha v.as at Colentina. These troops were waiting until joined must terminate fatally, that lie might be buried ill by tiles Pacha of Ibrai , when tlie unites! troops would l l iulon 1 m C kf ♦ TTrsi.-.tv-i lV siwSo l sviifr .list -1 - til live It O T OI n et MCI 1 on t 1 li.U s AWnesm.,.,1 ... t ... . 7-. AMERICAN TIMBER FOR SALE. T To be sold, by public roup, on Saturday tlie 2lst inst. near Messrs. Catto. Thomson, Co.'s Kopework on the Links of Aberdeen, ' ■ fUIK ENTIRE CARGO of the Brig Sir Wit, iam Wallace, being the first imported this season consisting of 11,000 feet iff YELLOW PINE 5,000 feet of RED PINE and 1,000 feet of BIRCH. The Cargo was all lately rut ,.' aiid well selected, espe-dally the Yellow Pine, which is particularly calculated for Olefting. Those in want of such, will uml itm ur interest to attend, as the whole is intended tf he so.d off, C.jdit will he git eg. ■■dee, , .fid-, II. l 2l. the island of St. Helena and pointed out the spot in which he wished his remains to be placed. His fune ral, it was expected, would take place on the l Oth May, the day after the sailing of the Heron. Sir Hudson Lowe states, that he shall cause the body to be-interred with the honours due to a General Offi cer of the highest rank. The. illness of the ex-Empcror lasted in the whole six weeks, and its effects on his frame, as described by an officer who had frequent opportunities of seeing him during that period, were so powerful as nearly to reduce him to a skeleton, and to obliterate all traces of his former features. He suffered very severely at intervals, but was throughout tranquil and composed, and resigned to his fate. Though Bonaparte is supposed to have suffered much, his dissolution was so calm and serene, that not a sigh escaped him, or any intimation to the by standers that it was so near. Bonaparte was always tlie inveterate enemy of this country but he paid the f ull forfeit and if he did us much injury by his hostility, it was also the means of calling fortli so many energies, and producing such a display of patriotism on the pari of he country, that it may be fairly doubted, whether lie served or injured us mostly his enmity. But he is dead and the hatred which he excited when alive is buried in the grav which encloses his remains. The towering height to which he ascended the self-possession which lie dis played during his meteor-like ascent the humbli level from which.he darted and the perfect ease which he displayed, when ho alighted.on.. that giddy 'summit, evidently proved that his grr iii was.of the eagle kind. Bui if ho bad power n Ore Jtli m mortal, ho wa-nisd th ' umUbV qual tie's of huRwri nature'-l.v march against Ypsilanti, who .appeared to have in view to defend his position at Tergowischt his force, a mounted to upwards of 10,000 men. 'Tlie intelligence from Spain, both in the public pa pers and the private letters, continues to represent that .country as in an extremely disturbed state. A private letter from Madrid of the 15th ult. states, that the re volution ary club at the Fontana d'Oru, in that cltv, continued its sittings, and the citizens repaired to it well armed. It is mentioned, that thq. question dob at. ed at the club on the preceding day, related to tl e..in-, v violability of the King's person and those speakefflfe were loudly applauded, who maintained that tlie in violability ceased from the moment that there were any infractions of the laws, or of an oath. Three Lisbon, mails have been received, bringing the following intelligence. The King of Portugal has been delayed in the Brazils longer than wa at first anticipated but he has sent a dispatch to the Portu guese Cortes, not only assuring them that be will speedily return to his ancient kingdom, ar.d in their presence swear to the Constitution which thry alone have a right to adopt, but protesting, it the most cm. pbntic terms, against any insinuation that he does-not act thus entirely of his own free will 3i d pWfciirc.-He also stiongly reprobates the interference of ftucign powers in the affairs of his dominions. Mr Scarlett has relinquished his poor law bill for tho present vession. 'Hie Lord Chancellor has been created Viscount Encomb fail of Eldon. Sir Willfhni Scott h n been ciea'ed Bavrtn Slow 1, of StcwOi, •which ! e p nchased fvem the executors Cfycd-worth, • ' ' 
[OCR_aligned] 1 d ty is published, THE QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. XLIX. @@NTENTS.-I. SPANISH DRAMA.-El Tcatro i panol.@_U. NORTHEUN AFRICA and the NI-T..R- Stateqfl ezzan-Captain Lyon's Travels in northern Africa@-Rev. J. Dudley's Dissertation on V.?Jfe nt,ty ? f @Ac Niger ami Nile@-Ill. The SKETCH l ' KAYOJ G Dent-IV. MILU iaVKV iORCbotGREAT BRITAIN Rise, Pro gress, and Present State ot the ART ot WAR@ Dupnr, Voyages dans la Grande Bretagne@ V. The • NIAN.- I. Normandy.-Architecture of the Middle Ages.-Origin of GOTHIC Akchitec-TL'BE-VII. Balwiudder, Annals of the Parish V HI. Mitford's History of Greece@ IX. PARRV, NORTH-WEST PASSAGE, and POLAR SEA X Scudamore on Mineral Waters@ XI. LAW of DIVORCE and MARRIAGE in England and Scotland. Printed for JOHN MLRRAY, Albemarle Street, London and sold by OLIVER BOYD, Edinburgh. A YOUNG LADY, O F most respectable connections, and a Native of England, wishes for a situation as GOVERNESS, either in a School, or Private Family. She will instruct her Pupils in French, Drawing, and Oeoouai'iiy, with the common branches of Education. Letters post paid addressed K. Y. care of the Pub@ lisher, will be answered in a few days. Aberdeen, July 2, 1821. PETERHEAD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. fllHE@KEW PROPRIETORS of this LIBRA-JL RY beg to intimate to the Public, that, after re@ ceiving very considerable additions, it is now ready for circulation. Terms of Subsciiption -For a Year, 12s@ For Half-@H-yoar, 7@ -For a Quarter, 4s.-For a Month, 2s. It is the Proprietors' intention, as much as possible, to increase this Library, which already comprehends up@ ward@ of 11100 Volumes consistently with the degree of encouragement alfordcd them, so as in every respect, to render it worthy of the attention of persons of taste and learning. In short, they may assure the Subscribers, that neither pains @or expense shall be snared for their gratification. . V. Catalogues are now ready for distribution jfprire fid. by George Mu die. Librarian, St. Andrew's Street, who hau always on hand Books in every department of Science and Literature. STATIONARY, in all its bra@nches, c. See. , LOOKS bound in the neatest manner. Peterhead, July 7, 1821. • EXPEDITIOUS TRAVELLING TO LEITH. The TOURIST, Steam Yacht, S AILS regularly from ABERDEEN for LEITH, every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday Morning and from LEITH for ABERDEEN, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday Morning receiv@ ing and discharging Passengers ofFStonehaven, Montrose, Arbroath, Crail, Anstruthcr, Pittcnwcem, Elic, nnd Dy-@sart, all of which the Tourist easily accomplishes in Twelve Hours. Cabin Fare to Leith, 18s-Steerage, 10s.-Intermediate distances in proportion. N.B.-This Company having note made arrangements with the Custom-house, for allowing PARCELS and LIGHT GOODS to be shipped by their Steam Vessels all Goods and Parcels intended to be shipped by this con@ veyance must be lodged at the Company's Office in Leith, before 12 o'clock on the day previous to the Vessel's sail@ ing and at Mr D. Copland's, Aberdeen, btfote 2 o'@ clock. Goods or Packages must not exceed from three to Jour barrel bulk. Time of Sailing in the Morning, and other particulars, may be learned, by applying at the Subscriber's Office, Marischal Street. DAVID COPLAND. Aberdeen, 9th July, 1821. mi.ys jack H LGS leave respectfully to inform tier Friends iu u the Public, that she is now returned from Lon@ don, with a choice selection of the most fashionable pat@ terns in MILLINLR@ and DRESS-MAKING, which she hopes will meet their approbation. Upperkirkgalc, July 10, 1821. TUTOR WANTED, By a Gentleman in the vicinity of Aberdeen, fpO Superintend the EDUCATION of his'Two JL Sons, sixteen and eighteen years of age 11c must be a good French Scholar, and be qualified t@ Teach Arithmetic and Book-keeping, and the usual branches of Education. The most respectable references will be required as to character and abilities. For Terms, and other particulars, apply to Alexander Thomson, Advocate, Aberdeen. FARM ON COUNTESSW ELLS. There is to be Let, with entry at Martinmas first, rjjpIIE FARM of COLT HILL, comprehending JL part of the Mains of Cour.tcsswellx, which has for several years been in the natural possession of the Pro@ prietor, and put in hue heart and condition for a Tenant. The contents of the Farm may be about Fifty acres but it can bo extended, more or less, by the a@f tion of some contiguous Fields, if this is deemed an object by those who wish to offer. A substantial and commodious Dwelling Hoits?,'and Farm Steading, has just been erected by the Proprietor, to which the Tenant will have immediate access, upon dead inventory, without any payment in the way of me@ lioration. Farther particulars will be learned, by applying to Duncan Davidson. Advocate, with whom offers may be lodged betwixt and the 2d day of August next. N.@B. There arc several FIELDS on the .Mains Farm which will be Let together or separately, as offerers may incline. HOUSE AND GARDEN IN SCHOOL-HILL. ■ '■Upset Price Reduced to £700. To be sold, by public roup, in Dempster's Hotel, Aber@ deen, on Thursday the 80th of August @myu, at two o'clock afternoon, II A T Airy and Commodious , DWELLING A HOUSE, in the Kchcol-hiii of Aberdeen, with the Garden and Offices adjoining, which belonged to, and were lately occupied by, the Deceased John 'Gordon, Esq. of Murtle having Gordon's Hospital, and the Hos@ pital Garden, immediately opposite, or. the North. The House contains Parlour, Dining Room, Drawing Room, and four Bid Rooms, all lately fitted up by Mr Gordon, at cor . dcrable cxpencc besides four Coilm-@ceiled Rooms, Closet, Kitchen, Drying Garret, and very ample Cellarage. Convenient Offices are attached and part of the Gar@ den admits of being Feucd off to great advantage, with front both to the Scliocl-H@@U and Belmont-street. Apply to Mr Duncan Davidson, Advocate. TRENCH AND IT A LI VN LA X .it AC AS. MR. JAMES 1 5 ATON ' . ' K ESPECTFULLY announces to his employers , and the Public, that he lias IlcafovEI to a Gen@ teel School Room in Union Street, Second Floor above that Shop lately occupied by Mr Clerihew, where, on .Monday, 30th July, he will Open his SUMMER CLASSES. Private Instructions in Families, and at Mr P. s Class Room, where hours of attendance, and other particulars, may he learned. , . , On Monday, lfith July, between 7 and 8 in the morn@ ing, he will open a 'LASS lor @RATING, in Mr. Baton's Class-Room in the Academy. Number of l'upiis in each French and Italian 'lass will be limited to Six. NEW CATALOGUE or THF. PUBLIC LIBRARY, BROAD STREET. Fin HE Proprietors of this Establishment have just J. published a Now and Extensive CATALOGUE, containing, in addition to the accumulations of former years, every Literary Work of merit, up to the Publica@ tion of the Catalogue and they beg to assure their Sub@ scribers and the Public, that they shall strive, by sparing neither attention, labour, nor cxpencc, and by fresh ad@ ditions to their stock of Books from time to time, to ren@ der the PUBLIC LIBRARY worthy of their continued am! increased support. N. B. It is requested that the Rules be strictly com@ plied with, in regard to the time allowed for reading New Books, us otherwise the numerous demands cannot be supplied and as several infringements of the Rule in regard to writing upon, cutting, or otherwise destroying the Books, particularly that of meriting upon, nave lately been observed, the Proprietors earnestly entreat at@ tention to it. as they are resolved not to pass over, un@ noticed, such mischievous and wanton amusement. A. BROWN CO.'s, Broad Street. j TO FOR THE JUSTICES OF PEACE@@@@ ABERDEENSHIRE. FJMIE ABSTRACT of the BRIDEWELL ACT, JL- published by the Commissioners in IfiOR, being now re-printed, Copies thereof, with Forms of Warrant of Commitment, may be had, on applying at tlie Office of Mr Burnett, Belmont .Street. THO. BURNETT, Cute. Aberdeen, July 10, Mil. HOUSE ON DENBURN, FOR SALE. Upset Pi ice Helmed to .-C275.J To be sold, by public roup, in Dempster's Hotel, Aber@ deen, on Thursday the 30th of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, riMIAT Neat and Commodious NEW HOUSE, it. on the West Bank of the Denburn, with the small Yard, or Bleaching Green in front, as presently occupied by Mr James Reid, Merchant. It contains Dining. Room, Drawing Room, and four Ikd Rooms, besides Kitchen, Wash-house, large Drying Garret, Cellars, and other accommodations in a situation which is airy and pleasant. Apply to Duncan Davidson, Advocate. For Sale, by Public Rovp, ■ -A COMPACT AND DESIRABLE . ESTATE j.v Aberdkrnsbirk. There will be sold, by public roup, within the house of John Dempster, Vintner in Aberdeen, on Friday the 7fii day of September next, at fi o'clock afternoon, A LL and WHOLE the LANDS and ESTATE of COLLY HILL, and MILL LANDS of the tame, MULTURES, TEINDS, and others, belong@ ing io the Trustees of the Deceased Alex. Rhind, Esq. @11 in the parish of Bourtie. Taw Property consists of- a. r. r-Infield, 63 '2 0 Outfield, 181 3 28 Pasture, - 27 D 0 Wood, 41 52 34 326 I 21 1 lies within two miles of Oldmcldrum, and about the @@@@@distance from Inverury to both of which places there are excellent turnpike roads from Aberdeen, be@ sides the Aberdeenshire Canal to Inverury. The Teinds are valued and exhausted, and the Land Tax is redeemed. The Lands hold of a subject superior, for payment of a trifhng duty. The greater part of the price may remain in the hanas of the purchaser for a considerable time, it desired. I or further particulars, apply to Alexander Smith, Advocate, Correction Wynd, Aberdeen. CHEAP AND EXPEDITIOUS TRAVELLING BETWEEN ABERDEEN ANI LKITXI. THE ABERDEEN, LEITH, CLYDE SHIPPING CO.'S STEAM YACHT, V E LOG I T Y, JAMES BELL, Commander, S AILS for NEWHAVEN near LEITH, on Fri@ day Morning, at fi o'clock precisely, and will call off Stonehaven, Montrose, Arbroath, Crail, Anstruther, Elie, and Dysart. The Velocity will continue to sail regularly from Aberdeen every Monday, Wednesday, anti Fri day and from Ncwnavcnj every Tuesday, Thurs day, and Saturday, receiving and discharging Pas@ sengers at the above Ports. Aberdeen, Leith, cj Clyde Shi@ . Co's. Office, @Ilf July, 18 ESTIMATES WANTED, FROM MASONS AND CARPENTERS, 7 011 BUILDING a WASHING HOUSE at l BRIDEWELL. Thu @Mans and Specifications will be seen in the hands of -Mr Burnett with whom Estimates must be lodged on or before the 18th instant. Aberdeen, July 10, 1821. WANTED, L FEW Good HANDS in the CABINET LINE. Apply to John Bartlett, Cabinet Maker and Upholsterer, Union Street. V A LU A BLE PROP I! RTY f TIIE GALI.OWGATF., Foil SALE. To be Sold, by Private Bargain. rgMIAT excellent DWELLING HOUSE, with k the Two GARDENS, OFFICES, and PERTI@ NENTS, on the East side of the Gallowgate of Aber@ deen, formerly belonging to Mr George Cruiekshank-@and now occupied by Charles Bonnor, Esq. The House is very commodious, ami was substantially repaired a few years ago and the Garden extends to the summit , of the Port-hill, from which there is one of the finest views around Aberdeen. The r l itle Deeds are in tile hands of Messrs. Stevenson and Scott, @. S. Edinburgh, to whom, or to Messrs. Lumsden, Advocates, Aberdeen, application may be made for farther particulars. FOR SALE, BY PRIVATE BARGAIN, P'EpIIA7 HOUSE, with the STABLES and vacant JL GROUND, possessed by George Gipson, Sta@ bler, lying in the Close leading from the head of Broad ' Street to the North Street. 'Flic property is very centrical, and will always com@ mand good Tenants. On the vacant Ground several Houses might be erected. George Gibson will shew the Property and for farther Dii.0-At Cromarty, upon tht- A tl. nit the iiv . Ai.ex. M'Leod, Minister of the Gaelic Chapel there His memory will long live in@4he hearts of his congre@ gation, to whom his fervent piety and affectionate de@ meanour amongst them rendeicd him most dear. At Edinburgh, on the 25th ult. Mrs. Margaret Graham, relict of Alex. Bower, Esq. of Kinculdrum, in the 83d year of her ago. Died, at Montrose, on Sunday last, Mr Andrew Mearns, Shipmaster, and for many years Shorpmas-@ter at that port. Died, at School-house of Mortlach, on the 1st July, after a lingering illness, Andrew ICinnaikd, Surgeon, Gardcnstcwn, aged 32, greatly lamented by his friends and numerous acquaintances. At Viewiield Cottage, near Inverness, on the 25th ult. John Noble, Esq. of the India House, London. At Edinburgh, on the 1st curt Miss Mooitr. Grant, youngest daughter of the late Rev. James Grant, mi@ nister of Laggan. We are happy to observe, that the Gentlemen of this city and county, with that loyalty and public spi@ rit which has ever been their characteristic, intend to celebrate the day appointed for the Coronation of Ifis Majesty, by a Public Dinner on the occasion. The Right Hon. Lord Forbes has been invited to take the 'hair supported l v the Lord Provost of the City @and the meeting, it is expected, will comprize.all the principal landholders and gentlemen of the district.-Preparations, we understand, are likewise making in all quarters of the country, for celebrating the day, by ap@ propriate marks of festivity. The Treasurer of the Aberdeen Au@xiliary Bible So@ ciety lately received, by the bauds of Mr Wm. Simp@ son, in Corse, Forgue, the sum of LG 8s. as a remit@ tance from the Bible Association in the parishes of Forgue and Drumblade. London Missionary Society.-We understand that the Itev. Mr Leifciiild, from London, is ex@ pected to advocate the cause of this Society in this. City, cn Sabbath next and to preach, in the forenoon, in the Frederick Street Chapel in the afternoon, in the. Burgher Chapel, Union Street and in the even@ ing, in tlie George Street Chapel. When it is consider@ ed that this Society is the Parent and Stem of Mis@ sionary Establishments that the labours-of ifs Mis@ sionaries have been of so much importance in South Africa, in India, ai.d especially in the South Sea Islands and that it lias, during last year, expended three thou@ sand six hundred pounds beyond its receipts, and come under very weighty obligations for the current year, it is to be hoped our fellow-citizens will come forward, with their wonted liberality, in support of such an important Institution. We have been requested to contradict a paragraph which appeared in our last, as to the crowded state of the Mail Coach between this place and Banff, and which was sent to us by a gentleman residing near Old Meldrum. We are now informed, from the best au@ thority, that the Coach lias repeatedly, of late, per@ formed her journey with a single passenger and this statement receives confirmation from the circumstance that the contractors for the Day Coach, called the Earl of Fife, were under the necessity of relinquishing that concern, after a sacrifice of £600 to £'700, actual loss, within the last year. The Tourist, Steam Yacht, not having arrived ot her usual time, on Monday evening, occasioned consider@ able anxiety to the friends of the numerous passengers on board. By a letter from Leith, we understand, the detention was occasioned by one of the boiler plates giving way, and damping the fire-a circumstance tlie recurrence of which is now effectually provided against. She is expected here this evening, and w ill sail, as usual, on Thursday.-@See ndn. On Wednesday, tlie 28th June, the Rev. Mr Mar@ shall, formerly assistant to Mr Mollcson of Montrose, ABERDEEN SHIPI'iNG. a n n i i • July 3.-Albion, Newton, fciurderland Maxwell, Burg@os, doi Ciimonmogate, Anderson, do. 4. Rose, Phillips, do. Margaret, Loggnn, do. Charleston, An-nftnd, do. Linnet, Weddel, Rye Brornby, Middle-@top, Hull. 5. Alpha, Anderson, Wemyss Tourist, Brin, Leith- Sophia, Willfnmwon, Wick' Swift, Alex@ ander, .Sunderland Friends' Increase, Hobson, do. Ve@ locity, Bell, Leith, fi. Expert, Leslie, London Regent, Turner,do. Mary,@Gordon, Dysart Osr.ian, Bruce, Sun@ derland Union, Greig, do. Marquis of Himtly, Dr.rid-@son, Leith Clyde Packet, Weir, Glasgow Flora, Loftcl, Dingwall. 7@ Tourist, Bain, Leith Dee, Mof@ fat, Rotterdam Friendship, Spinks London Sophia, Sinclair, Leith 'Velocity, Bcl'l, do. Flora. Sinclair, London. 8. Huddleston, Mslntty, Sunderland Hen@ ry and William, Alien, do. Johnston, Walker, do, Aberdeen Packet, I err T London L. C. Hamilton, Gal@ loway, Sunderland Maria,- L'argic, do. Briton, Kirk-@hope, do. Jean, Bathcw, London. P. Di@ma, LirAlat-@te , Sunderland Ann, Stephan, Peterhead Vine, White, Sunderland Dolphin, Morice, Yarmouth. 10. Thecphilus, Ruticy, Sunderland Perth, Seller, n . . Ceres, Your.fr, Ineerkeithing Sir William W.w ec, Anderson, M iramiehi. SAILED@-July 3@-Champion, Cran, London Cato, Davies, do. Allies, 31 ess, do. Industry, McDonald, Sunder@ land Velocity, Bell, L@ath. 4. Waterloo, Reid, Lon@ don Edward, Masson, Sunderland Alpha, Wood, Bullers of Buchan. 5. Juno, Blev.es, Dundee Indus@ trious Mary, Lyall, Sunderland B@ H, Fintray, Ar@ broath 'Tourist, Bain, Leith Thetis, Crutchlv, Lon, don. fi. Velocity, Bell, Leith Counters of Elgin, Still, Montrose Eliza, West, Newcastle Perseverance,' Greig, Shcerm-ss Linnet, Vadell, Sunderland Tou@ rist,'Bain, Leith. 7- Mansfield, Morison, London Wellington, Gilbertson, Hull Triumph, Findlay, Lon@ don .George Ann, Davidson, Sunderland Charleston, ' Annand, do. Superb, Mathcson, London. 8. Flora, Loftcl, Bc.auly Velocity, Bell, Leith. 8. Friendship, Spinks, Wick Newcastle, Leslie, Newcastle Lord Iluntly, Philips, Spey Marquis of@Himtly, Davidson, Leith Alpha, Anderson, Kirkcaldy Eliza, Suther@ land, Bullers of Buchan. Commerce, Anderson, at London, 1st inst@-Superior, Duncan, at do. 4th do. ' Eliza, West, at Newcastle, 8th instant. Asia, Morice, at New South Wales, 28th Decem@ ber, 1820. The Earl of Aberdeen, Ligertwood, arrived at Mi-@ramichi@the 20th May, in 30 days frtnn Dublin states the fallowing particulars of Aberdeen vessels The Pilot, Law, arrived there@about the 10th'May, and on tlie 1st @June iiad on board a tier of timber a-@bovc the beams, and expected to be ready in a week afterwards. At this dale, the progress of tlie undermentioned vcss.Vi in loading was as follows Harmony, Murray, half loaded. Ceres, liait, a tier above the hold beams. Margaret, Aiken, nearly full below the beams. Canada, Cooper, begun to load. Louisa, Oswald, about 20 tons on board. lieilhei lowd nor pun-d-J.o w.. .•pp .U .tr. hk -by human sufterings, and paiticipau-d little in hu v,..ti joys. This insensibility was. one of the causes of his wonderful success and it was, no doubt, ime of the reasons of his rapid descent. He never had, perhaps, a real friend and o@s he never felt sympathy, he ne -v inspired it. He commanded admiration he inspires the greatest zeal in his service hc eonirou'ed the mi.u s of his adherents and he exercised aq empire over them, which was quite unparalleled. But lie creat@ ed no attachment and the ruble fidelity w hich saute? of his followers shewed to him ir. his adversity, Was the homage which a mind like his could exact from generous natures but it was rot afieciion. As @u his military talents@ they arc so deeply engraven on the brazen'tablet oi' fame, that it would show 1c -, stupid ty, than the envy of a. base spirit, to deny them. But @t was in his capacity of Ruler, that die hardness of his character displayed itself chiefly. The@n his solita rv nature was most conspicuous. With a capacity for government, of tfip highest order with a command over the vast resource of the Empire winch he. had formed, greater titan Sovereign ever possessed with an activity that never reposed yet he did little fci !ie happiness of France and even the monuments of his reign, which were erected to his own pride, do fcot at all correspond with tlie resources which be had at his disposal. The nation, instead of being ifeincd bv him, was depressed by his genius-the lofty sentiment w@u crushed the pride of individuality was extinguished and the spirit, though not tlie harshness, of eastern despotism was displayed in his Government. From his elevated throne he looked down only upon croud - • ing slaves. He conferred upon them titles@ and ho@ nours, and dignities but they were badges of servi@ tude they conferred no real dignity of mind thev imparted no conscious pride and they served ordv b v their decorations o #d wealtii u swell tlie pomp of his Court. The principle of Ins Government was sel@f -@ness and we qre compelled to say, whilst we are @i@m posed to do ample justice to his extraordinary t en@3 , that he did not make use of it in such n manner .v ought to give him a title to the gratitude of mankip.i. It is affirmed that Sir Hu ■Ison l-O'.V'.'s orlrjs i1 Oovprnnsent-are, tliat he shall brim horns' , Bonaparte, in tlie largest ship of tin ii ir or tla- statieti. If this account,be true, the report af@j,. Intemtent@@w rot corree'tvof course. Every due Milioiir vjll ho i @0 his remains and itho' an inexorable policy con.pelled the British Government to treat him, when niive, ami in their power, with a rigour entirely foreign to its character, they will act with their customary genero@ sity, now that the death of this singular man has re@ leased thorn from the painful duty which circumstances imposed upon them.. The sensation produced by the death of Bonaparte will be coufincd, in this country, to its effect as a relief to our finances, the cxpencc of his custody at St. He@ lena being little short of 1100,000 per annum. In France,'tlie sentiment w ill he mole deep, and perhaps • not altogether aci t sv t i lr iro. Aimwell, Morrison, a tier above the beams. The Venus, Anderson. Mary Ann, Moore Juno, j no altogether so easy, to define. Henderson Patriot, Troup and Earl of DnUiou@ue, 1 Livie, arrived at Quebec, the 14th May. j Toe Queen having demanded to be heard by counsel The Sufibile, Captain Smith, from Dublin, tc St. in support of her right to be crow ned at tlie arm w' l OtU 1 1 l s.l. . John's, N. B. went on shore'on Cape Sable, 12th j ing solemnity on the 19th instant, the request to bo May. Passengers and crew saved also, the cargo, j so heard, before the Privy Council, has been granted l v his Majesty • and accordingly, on Thursday last, at tort o'clock, the Privy Council assembled at Whitehall fer was r-dained to his charge at Swallow-Street Chapel, London, to which he had received an unanimous call. On Wednesday of last week some inconsiderate per@ sons lighted a fire near the corn yard of Newfield in Boss-shire, the property of Mr Davidson of Findhorn, with the intention of scaring crows, which were be@ coming destructive among the stacks. The fire soon fioSSr be nmde to Wm ' Smith I comm u .dcatiti w ilh@part of the corn yard, and before 1 it was possible to extinguish it, nearly five large stacks of wheat were consumed, estimated at about 30 bolls each. St. Peter's market was held at Forfar on Wednes@ day. It has not been so thinly attended for 4 years. Cattle were much lower in price, and tlie sale heavy. Best quality, 7s. per stone inferior, C's. Cd. The depression was owing in a great measure to the scar@ city of grass occasioned by the extreme drought damaged. It is reported she will not be got ofiT but her materials will be saved. The Alexander, Booth. Fairfield, Work Monarch, Martin and Granite, Scorgie, arrived at St. Joint's, N. B. 10th May, from Aberdeen. The Pallas, Moil , arrived at Lcchalsh tlie 26th ult. to take out emigrants for Cape Breton. The Fairly, from Liverpool to Stornoway, founder@ ed off the isle of Skye. 'Hie Sir William Wallace, Anderson, arrived from Miramichi on the Oth hist, after a passage of. 5 weeks, and reports the Aimwell, Morrison Ceres, Ilaitt I'iloi, Law and Suspcnce,@@ nearly loaded. the purpose. Tlie Council was the fullest that has been held for many years, comprising the Dukes of York and Clarence, the Cabinet Ministers, and about thirty oilier Peers, besides the Judges. After reading her Majesty's Memorial to the King, of which a copy is subjoined, Mr. Brougham addressed the Council Vn support of Her Majesty's right, which lie chiefly rest@ ed on the fact that no married King of this country had ever been crowned without his consort partakin r of the solemnity. Where this had not taken place. MONEY TO BE LENT. II REE Sums of £200, on heritable securities.-JL Apply to William Smith, Advocate, Netlierkirk-SIIOOTING QUARTERS. IVanted, for two or three Yount Gentlcmci , npiIK PRIVILEGE of SHOOTING MUIR JL GA31E, for the first 10 or 14 days of the ensuing Season, on Grounds in the Counties of Aberdeen or Banff. Any Gentleman who can give the accommodation Tlie census of the town and parish of Dundee, pre sents the following results -Town and suburbs-wanted, wfiere tolerable sport may be expected, will be j males, 12,690 females, 15996 in the country part A 1 CONTRACTORS ARE WANTED, rjRO CUT about 2000 Ells of Large Open Ditches, fe_ and some Covered Dnnixs and also to Fare and Bu.-n from Two to T hree Acres of Moss Ground, on the Farm of NETHERTON, parish of Cairn'cy, Intending Contractors for executing the work, are re@ quested to attend there on Friday, the 20 h current, when an agreement will be made witn those whose Estimates a@v @men accepted of. For further information, inquire at Messrs. George Hern, at Netherton or Thomas Shier, in Iluntly. Not to be repeated. nOU@BOF SAW-MILL MACHINERY TOOLS, Ac. TO BE LET, To one or more Tenants, for 19 or 21 tyeors, BOUT 30 ACRES of IMPROVE ABLE _ GROUND, in the HILL of MURTLE. There is an excellent Dwelling House and Offices, newly erect@ ed, and a good Road leading from the Turnpike. The Proprietor will trench and inclose the whole of the ground-the Tenants paying interest for the expense titereof. Every encouragement will be given to indus@ trious Tenants'with some capital and none but such need apply. j'oibes Craighead, Grieve at Murtle, will point out the Ground and offers are to be given in to the Pro@ prietor, at Murtle, betwixt this and the 8th day of Aug. on which day the Ground will be Let. TO CARTERS. Wanted, CONTRACTORS fbr REMOVING the STONES from about eleven Acres of TRENCHED GROUND on the Hili. of Muuti.k, to the extremity of the Fields where tlie D kes arc to be built. Forbes Craighead, Grieve at Murtle, will point out the boundary lines to which the Stones are to be removed j and petsons willing to contract for the whole, or any part of the Work, may attend at Murtle, at 12 o'clock neon on the 20th instant. July 11, 182!. treated with, on liberal terms, by communicating with of the parish-males, 373 females, 1011 -giving James Grant, Advocate in Aberdeen. a total, for the town and parish, of 30,575, The re@ turn in 1811 was 29,71G. The number of inhabited houses, is said to be 2651 of families, 7704 of houses building, 17 of houses uninhabited, 105 of families chiefly employed in agriculture, 307 of families chiefly employed in trade, manufactures, and handicrafts, 422.3 of all other families, .9174. The population of the town and parish of Inverness has just been ascertained, and amounts to 12,194.-In 1811 it was 11,600,-giving an increase of only 594. In 1811 a woollen and a thread manufactory were in PLEASANT SITUATION FOR VILLAS, In the neighbourhood of Aberdeen• @QEVERAL FIELDS, on the LANDS of FOUN-@TAINTIALL, are intended to be FEUE1 for j Building and will be given off in such quantity as can be agreed on. In ali the fields there is an inexhaustible supply of ex@ cellent Spring Water, a few feet under the surface tlie ground @Iks on a good exposure to the South, and shelter@ ed from tile North. It is within twenty minutes walk of the centre of the town, and yet has all the retirement of the Country. Apply to Alexander Copland, Advocate, Queen Street. LIGHT POST COACH. To be sold, by public roup, at Village of Mor.ymusk, on Monday next, the lfith July curt., A Quantity of SAWS, WHEELS, PULLEYS, and other MACHINERY nnd TOOLS, of va-liiuts sorts, lately used in and about the Saw.Mill at Monymusk. Muny of the Articles are of excellent quality, and well worth the attention of Carpenters,-Wopd Sawyers, and others in want of such. T he Roup to commence exactly.at 12 o'clock mid-day. Credit, on security. A- COOPER, Auctioneer. Monymusk, 9th July, lfi 21. BEAUTIFUL VILLA, AND GUO UNI , to ni soiio And FARM to be t.tr. TO THE CREDITORS Of PrTKi Disks, late Merchant in Crdntovm. M R. INNES having lately died, leaving various matters unsettled, all those to whom he was any@ ways indebted at the time of his death, are, particularly requested to meet within tlie ollice of Joint Forsyth, Writer in Forres, on Wednesday the lfith July'c@mt. at 12 o'clock noon, in order to determine on some general measure respecting the disposal and management of his Estate. Such as cannot attend personally arc earnestly' solicited to authorise some person to act for them. Forres, July 9, 1021. Not to be repeated. ■ . i rSAHAT delightfully situated COTTAGE, called 1 FONT-HILL, near the mouth of the lfi.e-pre-@setttly possessed by Major Fisher With a complete Garden and Hot-hcnise, stocked with every flung useful for a Family and w,tiled round in the most substantial manner. T he Cottage contains Dining and Drawing Rooms, with Sleeping Apartments, Ac. suitable for the aecom. mrxlation of a family besides W asli-housel Stable, ore. with an abundant supply of fine Spring Water at the door. It combines the advantages both of a Town and Country Residence, bting not more than fifteen minutes walk from the Market Cross and having excellent air. K.T- a most delightful view of the Town and Bay of Aber@ deen, and of the surrounding country, for a great man@ s. IP's ides the Cottage and Garden, there are about Two Acres of Ground. The whole will he sold by private bargain arid mat be viewed oil Monday's or Saturday's, from 12 to 1 o'clock. . Particular@ may he learnt, by applying to Georgt W Ison, Advocate in Aberdeen or Dr Dyce, the Pro@ prietor. COMPACT AND DESIRABLE FARM, Within, four nil's of Aberdeen. The FARM of OUTTLEHILL, in tlie Parish ol N'-whills. on the Old Skene Road, immediately adjoin, ire to Whitetnyrek-consisting of upwards of'Jit Acres 74 of which are Arable, and in a high state ot cultiva •ion, and sub-divided by substantial Stone Dykes, int@ 20 Parks of various sizes which have for some yea@n been in Grass, and may now bo broke up with conside@ rable advantage to an incoming tenant. The whole wifi be let to a substantial tenant on advantageous terms. If these Lands are not let in one Farm, within three mouths, they will be divided into such Lots as tenants may incline, and on such leugth of Lease as may b . agreed on. _ - ,, Apply r td ove, to Mr Wilson. or Hr Dyce, the 1 to V io t '. HOUSE, fxc. TO BE SOLD. -• . n There will be sold, by public roup, with@m the Lemon Tree Tavern, Aberdeen, upon Friday the 27th July curt, at 6 o'clock in the evening, rj'UlAT DWELLING HOUSE and SHOP, with H the Pertinents, situated oti the East Side of tli Correction Wynd of Aberdeen, formerly belonging to the deceased Marjory Duncan, and now.to her Trus@ tees, and presently possessed by Tliotr.as Coe ,, who will shew the premises. The title deeds and articles of roup are in.the hands of Joint Smith, Advocate, Gallowgatc, to whom for furthei information, application may he made. full employment in Inverness,-both which are now given up. The operations of the Canal were also car@ rying on in the immediate neighbourhood of the town, which are now completed. These works caused a great population in 1811, and are some of the reasons why the increase is so small. Population or the Town of Arbroath-exclu sive of the country part of tlie parishes, 8714. 1811. 1821. Increase. Birmingham, -81,253 101,128 19,870 Sunderland, ~ -25,180 80,882 5,702 Whitehaven, ~ - 13,367 16,396 3,209 Lancaster, 9,247 10,144 897 The Annual General Meeting of tlie Forbes Lodge of True Caledonians was held in tlie Town Hall of Old Meldrum, on Monday the 25th nit. After exa@ mining tiie Funds of the Lodge, which were found to have accumulated iu a most satisfactory manner, it anti the exceptions were very few it had arisen from Harmony, Murray and Margaret, Aiken, two-thirds peculiar circumstances. The learned Counsel cited loaded Earl of Aberdeen, Ligertwood, half-loaded j the several cases, from the Saxon Chronicle and other Louisa, Oswald, one-third anil Canada, Robison, j authorities as far back as the coronation of Richard one-fourth loaded. The Alexander, Hogg, not begun ! the First, and down to that of George the First. He concluded a very elaborate speech at 2 o'clock, when the Council adjourned till Friday, on which day he resumed his argument, and was followed by Mr. Den@ man, after which tlie Privy Council again adjourned till Saturday, when they heard the Attorney and Soli@ citor General in reply. Mr Brougham 'afterwards i load. PETERHEAD SHIPPING. AKItlKKn. Jnly@-1-Mary, Henry, London Catherine,@Murray, Newcastle Charles, Reid, Sunderland, fi. Bart, Hall, Sunderland. fl!' j I Tuesday, on which they meet to deliberate and givo ■J judgment. The question of the Queen's right to par heemess take in the solemnity of Coronation, w as denied by tlie Lnrk, Brodis, Newcastle. 9. Agunora, Berwick, Ise- ! Attorney-General to have the least foundation either SA ILK II. July 3@-Fortitude, Hilson, Sheerness. Murrison, St. David's Nimrod, Anderson, 4. Venus, Sheerness dale Expert, Stephen, Fraserburgh Ann, Stephen, Aberdeen Dart, Hall, Spey. .SOUND LIST. June 20@@@@.-Bruce, Greig, Ilavannah, Pct@wsburgh, t sugar. 22.@@@ -Union, Ord, Cromarty, do. ballast. 23@@@. -Laurel, Reid, Petersburg! , Jersey, cor@ dage. @@.@-Ocean, Brown, Mctliel, London, timber. The Nicholas, of Aberdeen, Capt. James, Pithoy, from Iiuvannah, bound to St. Petersburg! , is arrived, and performs four days quarantine. Belt our, Ellah, Rain als, Co. in law or usage. QUEEN'S MEMORIAL. postscript. rp HE Inhabitants of Oi.n Dkku, Stricken, Long-11 side, and Neighbourhood, have long complained, that when they had occasion to he in Aberdeen, to settle Bank or other business, they could not gut in by the Mail Coach sooner than two o'clock, which is after the hour of business, and were therefore put to the expence of being two nights in Aberdeen@ Guay and J affray, Proprietors of the Aberdeen and Peterhead Telegraph, therefore, beg to inform them, and the Public in general, that they are to htavt a LIGHT POST COACH, on Thursday the 19th ir.st. to leave Mintlaw every law@ ful morning, at a quarter past Jive o'clock, and meet tiie Telegraph Coach ut Birness Toll Bar, on the road lead@ ing from Peterhead to Aberdeen when Passengers, who have come with said .Mintlaw Light Post Ccacfi, will lie conveyed to Aberdeen hv the Tilcgraph and the Mint- was agreed upon to reduce the entry-money to one-law Light Post Ccac.h will be ready waiting in die after-1 half of the midi which was paid last year and the election of Office-bearers took place as follows, viz. THOMAS SIMPSON, President. Gf.o. Patf.rson, Vice-President. John Gray, Dean James Cruiekshank, treasurer, pro tempore J James Milne, secretary Krskine Maitland, champion Alexander Bruce, James Mor@ gan, stewards James Milne, Bethelnie, John Cowie-@son, Peter Davidson, Alexander Hendry, Benjamin Troup, Joseph Chrystie, Alexander Manson, Alex. Rannie, pro tempore, counsellors John Barber, clerk John Davidson, officer. After the procession, there was a dinner and ball ami the company spent the evening In their usual good humour. DEATH OF BONAPARTE. Dispatches have been received from St. Helena, which contain tlie important intelligence of the decease of Bonaparte. lie expired on Saturday, the 5th of May, about six o'clock in the evening, of a lingering illness, which had confined him to lii.s bed for upwards of forty days. noon, to receive Passenger from the Telegraph, and will reach Mintlaw at seven same evening by which means,! people having Bank and other business to settle in Aber@ deen, will have four hours in the forenoon to do it, and be at their own homes same day. Inside Passage from Mintlaw to Aberdeen, @@@@@@Is. Outside, 5s. Small Parcels 4d., ancl larger ones proportionally, i Passengers will receive Tickets for Mmtjiaw, upon calling ut Wm. Gray's, Frederick Street. N.B. The Telegraph starts from A m. Gray',s, Fre@ derick Street, every afternoon, exactly at a putrter before three. and from J as. J aff ray's Ilu.tef, Peterhead, at half-past Jive every morning. TURBOT . r ILL@be sold at a Cellar in the Sugar-house Y ▼ Close, between 10 and 2 o'clock This l .iy and every day there are any caught. Fish of 7@ lb. and under, 2s. fid. each. All above that weight, 4d. i lb. Quay, July 11, 1021. TORS Wanted, for FORMING and ING Two Miles of ROAl , conmvne-TO ROAD MAKERS.' C ONTRACTO j METALLIN ing near RaTmoir, and joining die Detsiutu Turnpike ut the Church of Upper Banchory. A Plan and Specification will be seen at Raemoir, where offers will be received. FARM TO BE LET. To be Let, by public roup, at Bervic, on Monday thv 27th of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, jnilE Farm of LAUGIK, in the parish of KinnefK Li consisting of about 1 Iff acres Arable Land and Yards 1 2 acres Pasture and about 5 0 acre's of AluL Ground. This Farm is inclosed and subdivided wit! •-tone dykes and lies on the side erf the turnpike road be-@eweert Bervie and Stonehaven, being 3 mi@ns from tin former, and 7 miles from the latter place. The greate part of the Farm ic presently in Grass. Further particulars will be given by Mr Brand, Writer Stonehaven nr David I ouson, Town-clerk, Arbroath. Arbroath, 7th July, 1821. N O T I C E. HPIIE Creditors of JAMES ROBERTSON JL Bogforth, parish of Cairnpy, arc requested to m@et within the Gordon Arms Inn, Iluntly, oh Tuesday th@ 17th current, at 12 o'clock noun, to see a Statement of hi? Affairs, and to concei t what may be the most proper mea@ sures to adopt for the interest of all concerned. Thos@ who cannot attend, will cither give in a state of thei@ Claims, on the day of the meeting, or transmit them, pre@ vious thereto, to the said James' Robertson. BogJ'y. th. hth July.- 1J.JJ CELEBRATION OF 0 3 fHajestp'3 Coronation TOWN AND COUNTY OF ABERDEEN.@@ T is proposed to Celebrate the. CORONATION, by . a Fabric Dinner, on Thursday the lilt i of July current, under the direction of The Right Hon. LORD FORBES, And the LORD PROVOST of the City of Aberdeen. Loud Foubes in the Chair. On this oceus'um, it is hoped that os many Gentlemen nf the Town and County as conveniently can, will be present. Those who mean to attend, will ph ase leave their names .cith the Keeper of the Court House, or at the Athcu-@@rum, on or before Monday the @HIM, at 2 o'clock, when t General Meeting will take place, iu the Saloon of the Court House, to nominate Stewards far conducting the accessary arrangements. Dinner, at 5 o'clock, on the terms of an Ordinary, at inch Flare as will be afterwards notified. Aberdeen, 10th July, 11121. , ... -w Slberfccen. WEDNESDAY, July 11. Died, at Forfar, on the 25th ult. PlTF.R Rankfk, T. .q. Sheriff-Sti-lMilute of luwiVshire. aged 78, CHARLES JAMIESON, WATCH MAKER, AND DEALER IN Ol'TICAL AND MATHEMATICAL INSTRUMENTS, CASTLE STREET, ABERDEEN, B EGS leave most respectfully to announce to the Nobility, Gentry, and Public of Aberdeen, his re@ turn to his Native City, and that he has Opened that Shop, in the Corner of the Town House, opposite th@ Plain Stones, where he intends ea@rning on the above Also, Chime, Table, and Repeating CLOCKS. And having had many yearn experience in the first Houses in London, he flatters himself that he will, be able to serve those who may please to employ him, to their entire satis@ faction and trusts, that his attention and assiduity in business, will ensure a share of the public patronage.-Likewise, has to intimate, that he CLEANS and RE@ PAIRS French MUSICAL CLOCKS, WATCHES, and SNUFF BOXES. MATHEMATICAL INSTRUMENTS Furnished on the shortest notice, and warranted. C. J. with due deference, mentions, that the Stock of Goods lie has now on hand, are well worthy the inspec@ tion of the public. Orders from the Country will be punctually at@ tended to. -Dealers supplied on the most liberal terms. He desired that after his death his body should be opened, as he suspected lie was dying of the same dis@ ease which had killed his father, namely, a cancer in the stomach. Oil opening the body, this was found to lie correct, as a cancer had actually taken place.-He was sensible till the last day, and died without pain. During the first four weeks of his illness, it did not assume any dangerous appearance, though he appear@ ed himself to be conscious that it would terminate fa@ tally. During the last, fortnight it was evident to all the medical attendants that he could not recover. It is said lie gave directions abouf his affairs and papers till five or six hours before lie died, having retained his senses till that period. He said ho had wished to be opened, in order that his soil might be informed of the nature of liis disease. The body was opened by his own surgeon. lie has left a w ill, which, with his other papers, have been, or will be, transmitted to this country. lie was born in August, 1769. The dispatches were brought by Captain Crpkat of the 20th regiment. They were immediately commu@ nicated to all the Ministers, and to tlie Ambassadors, by whom couriers are understood to have been di@@ patched to their different Courts. It has been supposed that the Heron, which brought the dispatches, also brought the body of Bonaparte to England but this, we understand, is not the case, He himself requested, when convinced that his disoi'-dc Toths King's Most Excelient Majesty, ik Council Assembled. The Memorial of her Majesty the Q c n sheweth, that your Majesty has, by your Royal I'mckmatier, j bearing date at Carlton.house, the 9th day of June in?-., declared your royal -oill and pleasure to celebrate the rv -lemnity of your Iioyal Coloration upon Thursd@r tile Blth day of July next, at your Palace at Westminster, but that directions have net been given for the Coronation of tlie Queen, as hath heretofore been accustomed on the like occasions. That divers of your Majesty's subjects, by ancient customs and usages of these realms, as also in regard of divers tenures, of sundry manors, lands, ar.d other here, ditaments, do claim, and are bound to do and perform divers services on tlie day and at the time cif the Corona-@tion of the Queens Consort of these realms, as in times S recedent their ancestors and those from whom they claim @ave@done and performed at the Coronation of the Queens Consort in times past@ That the Queen most dutifully claims, as of right, to celebrate the ceremony of her Koval Coronation, and to preserve, as well her Majesty's said right, as the a-@foresaid lawful rights and inheritances of others your Ma@ jesty's subjects. The Queen respectfully prays that your Maiesiv will be graciously pleased forthwith to issue your Koyaj Pro@ clamation, thereby to apisrmt@thc same liith July next, at Westminster aforesaid, to celebrate the ceremony of her Coronation as the Queen Consort of your Majesty, end to direct that all such as by the said customs and usages and tenures are bound to do and perform tire services a-@foresaid, do duly give their attendances accordingly, at the said day and time of the Coronation aforesaid, in all respects furnished as to so great a .solemnity appertair.-cth, and answerable to the dignities and places which eve@ ry one of them hoidtth and enjoyeth arid further, that your Majesty will be graciously' pleased to issue your Koyal Commission under your Great Seal, appointing your Commissioners to teceive, hear, and determine, the petitions and claims which shall be made to then iu-tkis behalf. And the QUEEN, c. Paris journals to the 1st inst. have been received.-The Legislative Chambers pre still sitting. The com@ mittee of the lower house, on the proposal for continu@ ing the censorship on the French press, lias recom@ mended that this restriction @n liberty be no longer continued. It raointains that there are laws sufficient to repress the licentiousness of the press, without this previous vassalage, or that such might be enacted. Tlie news from Turkey continues of the usual vague and uncertain description, as there are no gazettes printed in that quarter. Tlie Austrian Observes, printed at Vienna, on tlie lfith ult. says, that accord@ ing, to accounts from Bucharest of the 3d, the head@ quarters of the Turkish army, which had entered W@d-@iachia under the orders of Hadschi Amecl Pacha v.as at Colentina. These troops were waiting until joined must terminate fatally, that lie might be buried ill by tiles Pacha of Ibrai , when tlie unites! troops would l l iulon 1 m C kf ♦ TTrsi.-.tv-i lV siwSo l sviifr .list -1 - til live It O T OI n et MCI 1 on t 1 li.U s AWnesm.,.,1 ... t ... . 7-. AMERICAN TIMBER FOR SALE. T To be sold, by public roup, on Saturday tlie 2lst inst. near Messrs. Catto. Thomson, Co.'s Kopework on the Links of Aberdeen, ' ■ fUIK ENTIRE CARGO of the Brig Sir Wit, iam Wallace, being the first imported this season consisting of 11,000 feet iff YELLOW PINE 5,000 feet of RED PINE and 1,000 feet of BIRCH. The Cargo was all lately rut ,.' aiid well selected, espe-@@dally the Yellow Pine, which is particularly calculated for Olefting. Those in want of such, will uml i@@tm ur interest to attend, as the whole is intended tf he so.d off, C.jdit will he git eg. ■■dee, , .fid-, II. l 2l. the island of St. Helena and pointed out the spot in which he wished his remains to be placed. His fune@ ral, it was expected, would take place on the l Oth May, the day after the sailing of the Heron. Sir Hudson Lowe states, that he shall cause the body to be-interred with the honours due to a General Offi cer of the highest rank. The. illness of the ex-Empcror lasted in the whole six weeks, and its effects@ on his frame, as described by an officer who had frequent opportunities of seeing him during that period, were so powerful as nearly to reduce him to a skeleton, and to obliterate all traces of his former features. He suffered very severely at intervals, but was throughout tranquil and composed, and resigned to his fate. Though Bonaparte is supposed to have suffered much, his dissolution was so calm and serene, that not a sigh escaped him, or any intimation to the by@ standers that it was so near. Bonaparte was always tlie inveterate enemy of this country but he paid the f ull forfeit and if he did us much injury by his hostility, it was also the means of calling fortli so many energies, and producing such a display of patriotism on the pari of @he country, that it may be fairly doubted, whether lie served or injured us most@ly his enmity. But he is dead and the hatred which he excited when alive is buried in the grav@ which encloses his remains. The towering height to which he ascended the self-possession which lie dis@ played during his meteor-like ascent the humbli level from which.he darted and the perfect ease which he displayed, when ho alighted.on.. that giddy 'summit, evidently proved that his grr iii was.of the eagle kind. Bui if ho bad power n Ore Jtli m mortal, ho wa-nisd th ' umUbV qual tie's of huRwri nature'-l.v march against Ypsilanti, who .appeared to have in view to defend his position at Tergowischt his force, a@ mounted to upwards of 10,000 men. 'Tlie intelligence from Spain, both in the public pa@ pers and the private letters, continues to represent that .country as i@n an extremely disturbed state. A private letter from Madrid of the 15th ult. states, that the re@ volution ary club at the Fontana d'Oru, in that cltv, continued its sittings, and the citizens repaired to it well armed. It is mentioned, that thq. question dob at. ed at the club on the preceding day, related to tl e..in-, v violability of the King's person and those speakefflfe were loudly applauded, who maintained that tlie in@ violability ceased from the moment that there were any infractions of the laws, or of an oath. Three Lisbon, mails have been received, bringing the following intelligence. The King of Portugal has been delayed in the Brazils longer than wa@ at first anticipated but he has sent a dispatch to the Portu@ guese Cortes, not only assuring them that be will speedily return to his ancient kingdom, ar.d in their presence swear to the Constitution which thry alone have a right to adopt, but protesting, it the most cm. pbntic terms, against any insinuation that he does-not act thus entirely of his own free will 3i d pWfciirc.-He also stiongly reprobates the interference of ftucign powers in the affairs of his dominions. Mr Scarlett has relinquished his poor law bill for tho present vession. 'Hie Lord Chancellor has been created Viscount Encomb fail of Eldon. Sir Willfhni Scott h n been ciea'ed Bavrtn Slow 1, of StcwOi, •which ! e p nchased fvem the executors Cfycd-worth, • ' ' 
[ GS_aligned] ###### is published, THE QUARTERLY REVIEW, No. XLIX. CONTENTS.-I. SPANISH DRAMA.-El Teatro Espanol.-II. NORTHERN AFRICA and the NI- ################################## Travels in Northern Africa.-Rev. J. DUDLEY'S Dissertation on the ############ the Niger and Nile.-III. The SKETCH #################### #### ############ GREAT ############################################# the ART of WAR.-DUPIN, Voyages dans la Grande Bretagne.-V. The ################################################ AGES.-Origin of GOTHIC ###################################### of the ###################### History of Greece.-IX. PARRY, NORTH-WEST PASSAGE, and POLAR ############### on Mineral Waters.-XI. LAW of DIVORCE and MARRIAGE in ##################### Printed for JOHN MURRAY, Albemarle Street, London and sold by OLIVER BOYD, Edinburgh. A YOUNG LADY, O F most respectable connections, and a Native of England, wishes for a situation as GOVERNESS, either in a School, or Private Family. She will instruct her Pupils in ###################################### the common branches of Education. Letters post paid addressed K. Y. care of the Pub- lisher, will be answered in a few days. Aberdeen, July 2, 1821. PETERHEAD CIRCULATING LIBRARY. @T HE NEW PROPRIETORS of this LIBRA-@@ RY beg to intimate to the Public, that, after re- ceiving very considerable additions, it is now ready for circulation. Terms of Subscription -For a Year, 12s.-For Half- a-year, 7s.-For a Quarter, 4s.-For a Month, 2s. It is the Proprietors' intention, as much as possible, to increase this Library, which already comprehends up- wards of 1@300 Volumes consistently with the degree of encouragement a@ﬀorded them, so as in every respect, to render it worthy of the attention of persons of taste and learning. In short, they may assure the Subscribers, that neither pains for expense shall be spared for their grati@ﬁcation@@@@@. Catalogues are now ready for distribution @@price @6d. ################# Librarian, St. Andrew's Street, who has always on hand Books in every department of Science and Literature. STATIONARY, in all its brariches, c. @@c. @@BOOKS bound in the neatest manner. Peterhead, July 7, 1821.@@ EXPEDITIOUS TRAVELLING TO LEITH. THE TOURIST, STEAM YACHT, S AILS regularly from ABERDEEN for LEITH, every ############################### Morning and from LEITH for ABERDEEN, every ############################# Morning receiv- ing and discharging Passengers oﬀ Stonehaven, Montrose, Arbroath, Crail, Anstruther, Pittenweem, Elie, and Dy- sart, all of which the TOURIST easily accomplishes in Twelve Hours. ################################## 10s.-Intermediate distances in proportion. N.B.-This Company having no@w made arrangements with the Custom-house, for allowing PARCELS and LIGHT GOODS to he shipped by their Steam Vessels all Goods and Parcels intended to be shipped by this con- veyance must be lodged at the Company's O@@ﬃce in Leith, before 12 o'clock on the day previous to the Vessel's sail- ing and at Mr D. Copland's, Aberdeen, before 2 o'- clock. Goods or Packages must not exceed from three to four barrel bulk. Time of Sailing in the Morning, and other particulars, may be learned, by applying at the Subscriber's O@@ﬃce, Marischal Street. DAVID COPLAND. Aberdeen, 9th July, 1821. ################ leave respectfully to inform @her Friends @and the Public, that she is now returned from LON- DON, with a choice selection of the most fashionable pat- terns in MILLINERY and DRESS-MAKING, which she hopes will meet their approbation. Upperkirkgate, July 10, 1821. TUTOR WANTED, By a Gentleman in the vicinity of Aberdeen, T O Superintend the EDUCATION of his Two @@@SONS, sixteen and eighteen years of age.-He must be a good French Scholar, and be quali@ﬁed to Teach Arithmetic and Book-keeping, and the usual branches of Education. The most respectable references will be required as to character and abilities. For Terms, and other particulars, apply to Alexander Thomson, Advocate, Aberdeen. FARM ON COUNTESSW@ELLS. There is to be Let, with entry at Martinmas @ﬁrst, @@@T HE FARM of COLT@HILL, comprehendinging part of the Mains of Cou@ntesswells, which has for several years been in the natural possession of the Pro- prietor, and put in ﬁne heart and condition for a Tenant. The contents of the Farm may be about Fifty acres but it can be extended, more or less, by the addition of some contiguous Fields, if this is deemed an object by those who wish to o@ﬀer. A substantial and commodious Dwelling Ho@use, and Farm Steading, has just been erected by the Proprietor, to which the Tenant will have immediate access, upon dead inventory, without any payment in the way of me- lioration. Farther particulars will be learned, by applying to Duncan Davidson, Advocate, with whom o@ﬀers may be lodged betwixt and the 2d day of August next. N. B. There are several FIELDS on the @Mains Farm which will be Let together or separately, as o@ﬀerers may incline. HOUSE AND GARDEN IN SCHOOL-HILL. @@@@Upset Price Reduced to £700. To be sold, by public roup, in Dempster's Hotel, Aber- deen, on Thursday the 30th of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, @T HAT Airy and Commodious@@ DWELLING@@ HOUSE, in the School-hill of Aberdeen, with the Garden and O@@ﬃces adjoining, which belonged to, and were lately occupied by, the Deceased ############# Esq. of Murtle having Gordon's Hospital, and the Hos- pital Garden, immediately opposite, o@n the North. The House contains Parlour, Dining Room, Drawing Room, and four Bed Rooms, all lately @ﬁtted up by Mr Gordon, at ############# expence besides four Co@om- ceiled Rooms, Closet, Kitchen, Drying Garret, and very ample Cellarage. Convenient O@@ﬃces are attached and part of the Gar- den admits of being Feued o@ﬀ to great advantage, with front both to the Sc@hool-hill and Belmont-street. Apply to Mr Duncan Davidson, ################################################################################################ to his employers@@ and the Public, that he ################# a Gen- teel school Room in ############# Second Floor above that Shop lately occupied by Mr Clerihew, where, on @MONDAY, 30th July, he will Open his SUMMER CLASSES. Private Instructions in Families, and at Mr P.'s Class Room, where hours of attendance, and other particulars, may be learned@@@@. @@On Monday, @16th July, between 7 and 8 in the morn- ing, he will open a CLASS for WRITING, in Mr. PATON'S Class-Room in the Academy. Number of @Pupils in each French and Italian Class will be limited to Six. NEW CATALOGUE OF TH@E PUBLIC LIBRARY, BROAD STREET. @@T HE Proprietors of this Establishment have just @@@published a New and Extensive CATALOGUE, containing, in addition to the accumulations of former years, every Literary Work of merit, up to the Publica- tion of the Catalogue and they beg to assure their Sub- scribers and the Public, that they shall strive, by sparing neither attention, labour, nor expence, and by fresh ad- ditions to their stock of Books from time to time, to ren- der the PUBLIC LIBRARY worthy of their continued and increased support. N. B. It is requested that the Rules be strictly com- plied with, in regard to the time allowed for reading New Books, as otherwise the numerous demands cannot be supplied and as several infringements of the Rule in regard to writing upon, cutting, or otherwise destroying the Books, particularly that of @writing upon, have lately been observed, the Proprietors earnestly entreat at- tention to it. as they are resolved not to pass over, un- noticed, such mischievous and wanton amusement. A. BROWN CO.'s, ###################### THE JUSTICES OF PEACE FOR ABERDEENSHIRE. @T HE ABSTRACT of the BRIDEWELL ACT, @@@@published by the Commissioners in @1809, being now re-printed, Copies thereof, with Forms of Warrant of Commitment, may be had, on applying at t@he O@@ﬃce of Mr Burnett, Belmont @Street. THO. BURNETT, C@LK. Aberdeen, July 10,cate. HOUSE ON DENBURN, FOR SALE. Upset P@rice ###### to @@£275.@ To be sold, by public roup, in Dempster's Hotel, Aber- deen, on Thursday the 30th of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, @T HAT Neat and Commodious NEW HOUSE,@@@@ on the West Bank of the Denburn, with the small Yard, or Bleaching Green in front, as presently occupied by Mr JAMES REID, Merchant. It contains Dining@ Room, Drawing Room, and four Bed Rooms, besides Kitchen, Wash-house, large Drying Garret, Cellars, and other accommodations in a situation which is airy and pleasant. Apply to Duncan Davidson, ################################################ AND DESIRABLE@@ ############################### will be sold, by public roup, within the house of John Dempster, Vintner in Aberdeen, on Friday the 7@th day of September next, at @6 o'clock afternoon, A LL and WHOLE the LANDS and ESTATE of COLLY@HILL, and MILL LANDS of the same, MULTURES, TEINDS, and others, belong- ing to the Trustees of the Deceased ALEX. ########### all in the parish of ########################################################################################################################## lies within two miles of Oldmeldrum, and about the same distance from Inverury to both of which places there are excellent turnpike roads from Aberdeen, be- sides the Aberdeenshire Canal to Inverury. The Teinds are valued and exhausted, and the Land Tax is redeemed. The Lands hold of a subject superior, for payment of a triﬂing duty. The greater part of the price may remain in the hands of the purchaser for a considerable time, if desired. @For further particulars, apply to Alexander Smith, Advocate, Correction Wynd, Aberdeen. ######################################## ABERDEEN AND LEIT@H. THE ABERDEEN, LEITH, CLYDE SHIPPING CO.'S STEAM YACHT, V@E@LO@CI@T@Y, JAMES BELL, COMMANDER, S AILS for NEWHAVEN near LEITH, on FRI- DAY Morning, at @6 o'clock precisely, and will call o@ﬀ Stonchaven, Montrose, Arbroath, Crail, Anstruther, Elie, and Dysart. The VELOCITY will continue to sail regularly from Aberdeen every ########################### DAY and from Newhaven, ##### ################################# receiving and discharging Pas- sengers at the above Ports. Aberdeen, Leith,th, Clyde Shipp. Co's. O@@ﬃce, 11th ##################################################################### a WASHING HOUSE at@@ BRIDEWELL. The Plans and Speci@ﬁcations will be seen in the hands of @Mr Burnett with whom Estimates must be lodged on or before the 18th instant. Aberdeen, July 10, 1821. WANTED, A FEW Good HANDS in the CABINET LINE. Apply to ############## Cabinet Maker and Upholsterer, Union Street. V@A@LU@A@BLE PROP@@@ERTY ###### GAL@LOWGAT@E, FO@R SALE. To be Sold, by Private Bargain, @T HAT excellent DWELLING HOUSE, with@@ the Two GARDENS, OFFICES, and PERTI- NENTS, on the East side of the Gallowgate of Aber- deen, formerly belonging to Mr George Cruickshank- and now occupied by Charles Bonnor, Esq. The House is very commodious, and was substantially repaired a few years ago and the Garden extends to the summit@@ of the Port-hill, from which there is one of the @ﬁnest views around Aberdeen. The@@ @Title Deeds are in t@he hands of Messrs. Stevenson and Scott, W. S. Edinburgh, to whom, or to Messrs. Lumsden, Advocates, Aberdeen, application may be made for farther particulars. FOR SALE, BY PRIVATE BARGAIN, @@@T HAT HOUSE, with the STABLES and vacant @@@GROUND, possessed by ############## Sta- bler, lying in the Close leading from the head of Broad @@Street to the North Street. @@The property is very centrical, and will always com- mand good Tenants. On the vacant Ground several Houses might be erected. George Gibson will shew the Property and for farther ############################################################### Minister of the Gaelic Chapel there his memory will long live in the hearts of his congre- gation, to whom his fervent piety and a@ﬀectionate de- meanour amongst them rendered him most dear. At Edinburgh, on the 25th ult. Mrs. ################ relict of Alex. Bower, Esq. of Kincaldrum, in the 83d year of her ago. Died, at Montrose, on Sunday last, Mr ############## Shipmaster, and for many years Shoremas- ter at that port. Died, at School-house of Mortlach, on the 1st July, after a lingering illness, ########################## Gardenstown, aged 32, greatly lamented by his friends and numerous acquaintances. At View@ﬁeld Cottage, near Inverness, on the 25th ult. JOHN NOBLE, Esq. of the India House, London. At Edinburgh, on the 1st curt Miss ############## youngest daughter of the late Rev. James Grant, mi- nister of Laggan. We are happy to observe, that the Gentlemen of this city and county, with that loyalty and public spi- rit which has ever been their characteristic, intend to celebrate the day appointed for the Coronation of @His Majesty, by a Public Dinner on the occasion. The Right Hon. Lord FORBES has been invited to take the Chair supported @by the Lord Provost of the City -and the meeting, it is expected, will comprize all the principal landholders and gentlemen of the district.-Preparations, we understand, are likewise making in all quarters of the country, for celebrating the day, by ap- propriate marks of festivity. The Treasurer of the Aberdeen Auaeiliary Bible So- ciety lately received, by the hands of Mr WM. SIMP- Son, in Corse, Forgue, the sum of £6 8s. as a remit- tance from the Bible Association in the parishes of Forgue and Drumblade. ############################# understand that the @Rev. ################### London, is ex- pected to advocate the cause of this Society in this@ City, on Sabbath next and to preach, in the forenoon, in the Frederick Street Chapel in the afternoon, in the@ Burgher Chapel, Union Street and in the even- ing, in t@he George Street Chapel. When it is consider- ed that this Society is the Parent and Stem of Mis- sionary Establishments that the labours of its Mis- sionaries have been of so much importance in South Africa, in India, a@nd especially in the South Sea Islands and that it @has, during last year, expended three thou- sand six hundred pounds beyond its receipts, and come under very weighty obligations for the current year, it is to be hoped our fellow-citizens will come forward, with their wonted liberality, in support of such an important Institution. We have been requested to contradict a paragraph which appeared in our last, as to the crowded state of the Mail Coach between this place and Ban@ﬀ, and which was sent to us by a gentleman residing near Old Meldrum. We are now informed, from the best au- thority, that the Coach @has repeatedly, of late, per- formed her journey with a single passenger and this statement receives con@ﬁrmation from the circumstance that the contractors for the Day Coach, called the Earl of Fife, were under the necessity of relinquishing that concern, after a sacri@ﬁce of £600 to £@700, actual loss, within the last year. The Tourist, Steam Yacht, not having arrived at her usual time, on Monday evening, occasioned consider- able anxiety to the friends of the numerous passengers on board. By a letter from Leith, we understand, the detention was occasioned by one of the boiler plates giving way, and damping the @ﬁre-a circumstance t@he recurrence of which is now e@ﬀectually provided against. She is expected here this evening, and w@ill sail, as usual, on Thursday.- See adv. On Wednesday, t@he 28th June, the Rev. Mr Mar- shall, formerly assistant to Mr Molleson of ######################################################### Newton, @@Sunderland Maxwell, Burgess, do. Crimonmogate, Anderson, do. 4. Rose, Phillips, do. Margaret, Loggan, do. Charleston, An- nand, do. Linnet, Waddel, Rye Bro@mby, Middle- ton, Hull. 5. Alpha, Anderson, Wemyss Tourist, Bein, Leith@ Sophia, Williamson, Wick@ Swift, Alex- ander, @Sunderland Friends' Increase, Hobson, do. Ve- locity, Bell, Leith. @6. Expert, Leslie, London Regent, Turner,do. Mary, Gordon, Dysart Os@sian, Bruce, Sun- derland Union, Greig, do. Marquis of Huntly, D@avid- son, Leith Clyde Packet, Weir, Glasgow Flora, Loftel, Dingwall. 7. Tourist, Bain, Leith Dee, Mof- fat, Rotterdam Friendship, Spinks London Sophia, Sinclair, Leith @Velocity, Bel@l, do. Flora, Sinclair, London. 8. Huddleston, M'Hatty, Sunderland Hen- ry and William, Allen, do. Johnston, Walker, do, Aberdeen Packet, @Kerr@, London E. C. Hamilton, Gal- loway, Sunderland Maria,@ L@argie, do. Briton, Kirk- hope, do. Jean, Bathew, London. 9. Diana, Linklat- ter, Sunderland Ann, Stephan, Peterhead Vine, White, Sunderland Dolphin, Morice, Yarmouth. 10. Theophilus, Ru@ncy, Sunderland Perth, Sellar,@@ do. Ceres, You@@ng, Inverkeithing Sir William ####### Anderson, M@iramichi. SAILED. July 3.-Champion, Cran, London Cato, Davies, do. Allies, @@Mess, do. Industry, M'Denald, Sunder- land Velocity, Bell, Leith. 4. Waterloo, Reid, Lon- don Edward, Masson, Sunderland Alpha, Wood, Bullers of Buchan. 5. Juno, Ble@wes, Dundec Indus- trious Mary, Lyall, Sunderland Bell, Fintray, Ar- broath @Tourist, Bain, Leith Thetis, Crutchly, Lon- don. @6. Velocity, Bell, Leith Countess of Elgin, Still, Montrose Eliza, West, Newcastle Perseverance,@ Greig, Sheerness Linnet, Wadell, Sunderland Tou- rist, Bain, Leith. 7. Mans@ﬁeld, Morison, London Wellington, Gilbertson, Hull Triumph, Findlay, Lon- don @George Ann, Davidson, Sunderland Charleston,n, Annand, do. Superb, Matheson, London. 8. Flora, Loftel, B@eauty Velocity, Bell, Leith. 9. Friendship, Spinks, Wiek Newcastle, Leslie, Newcastle Lord @Huntly, Philips, Spey Marquis of Huntly, Davidson, Leith Alpha, Anderson, Kirkcaldy Eliza, Suther- land, Bullers of Buchan. Commerce, Anderson, at London, 1st inst. Superior, Duncan, at do. 4th do.@@ Eliza, West, at Newcastle, 8th instant. Asia, Morice, at New South Wales, 28th Decem- ber, 1820. The Earl of Aberdeen, Ligertwood, arrived at Mi- ramichi the 20th May, in 30 days fr@om Dublin states the following particulars of Aberdeen vessels The Pilot, Law, arrived there about the 10th May, and on t@he 1st .June @had on board a tier of timber a- bove the beams, and expected to be ready in a week afterwards. At this date, the progress of t@he undermentioned ####### in loading was as follows Harmony, Murray, half loaded. Ceres, @Rait, a tier above the hold beams. Margaret, Aiken, nearly full below the beams. Canada, Cooper, begun to load. Louisa, Oswald, about 20 tons on board. ################################################### human su@ﬀerings, and participated little in hu@@@@man joys. This insensibility was@ one of the causes of his wonderful suceess and it was, no doubt, one of the reasons of his rapid descent. He never had, perhaps, a real friend and or, he never felt sympathy, he never inspired it. He commanded admiration he inspired the greatest zeal in his service he controuled the mi@nds of his adherents and he exercised an empire over them, which was quite unparalleled. But @he creat- ed no attachment and the noble @ﬁdelity w@hich s@ome@ of his followers shewed to him i@n his adversity, was the homage which a mind @Eke his could exact from generous natures but it was not a@ﬀection. As to his military talents, they are so deeply engraven on the brazen tablet o@f fame, that it would show @less ###### ty, than the envy of a@ base spirit, to deny them. But it was in his capacity of Ruler, that the hardness of his character displayed itself chie@ﬂy. There his solita ry nature was most conspicuous. With a capacity for government, of t@he highest order with a command over the vast resource of the Empire which he@ had formed, greater t@han Sovereign ever possessed with an activity that never reposed yet he did little for the happiness of France and even the monuments of his reign, which were erected to his own pride, do @not at all correspond with t@he resources which he had at his disposal. The nation, instead of being @raised by him, was depressed by his genius-the lofty sentiment was crushed the pride of individuality was extinguished and the spirit, though not t@he harshness, of eastern despotism was displayed in his Government. From his elevated throne he looked down only upon crouch- @@ing slaves. He conferred upon them titles, and ho- nours, and dignities but they were badges of servi- tude they conferred no real dignity of mind they imparted no conscious pride and they served only b@y their decorations @and wealth to swell t@he pomp of his Court. The principle of his Government was selﬁsh- ness and we are compelled to say, whilst we are dis- posed to do ample justice to his extraordinary @genius, that he did not make use of it in such a manner as ought to give him a title to the gratitude of manki@nd. It is a@@ﬃrmed that Sir ######################################### are, t@hat he shall ######################## in t@he largest ship of the ####################### If this account be true, the report of his ######### is not correct, of course. Every due ################## to his remains and @tho' an inexorable policy co@mpelled the British Government to treat him, when alive, and in their power, with a rigour entirely foreign to its character, they will act with their customary genero- sity, now that the death of this singular man has re- leased th@em from the painful duty which circumstances imposed upon them@. The sensation produced by the death of Bonaparte will be co@nﬁned, in this country, to its e@ﬀect as a relief to our @ﬁnances, the expence of his custody at St. He- lena being little short of £400.000 per annum. In France, t@he sentiment w@ill he more deep, and perhaps @@not altogether @so ################################### a tier above the beams. The Venus, Anderson@ Mary Ann, Moore ######################################### Henderson Patriot, Troup and Earl of Dalhousie,@@ Livie, arrived at Quebec, the 14th May.y. ###################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### instant, the request to ####################################################### heard, before the Privy Council, has been granted @by his Majesty @@and accordingly, on Thursday last, at t@en o'clock, the Privy Council assembled at Whitehall ###############################################################  to which he had received an unanimous call. On Wednesday of last week some inconsiderate per- sons lighted a @ﬁre near the corn yard of New@ﬁeld in Ross-shire, the property of Mr Davidson of Findhorn, with the intention of scaring crows, which were be- coming destructive among the stacks. The @ﬁre ######################################################### part of the corn yard, and before @@it was possible to extinguish it, nearly @ﬁve large stacks of wheat were consumed, estimated at about 30 bolls each. St. Peter's market was held at Forfar on Wednes- day. It has not been so thinly attended for 4 years. Cattle were much lower in price, and t@he sale heavy. Best quality, 7s. per stone inferior, @6s. 6d. The depression was owing in a great measure to the scar- city of grass occasioned by the extreme ############################################################ her materials will be saved. The Alexander, Booth@ Fair@ﬁeld, Work Monarch, Martin and Granite, Scorgie, arrived at St. John@'s, N. B. 10th May, from Aberdeen. The Pallas, Moi@r, arrived at Lochalsh t@he 26th ult. to take out emigrants for Cape Breton. The Fairly, from Liverpool to Stornoway, founder- ed o@ﬀ the isle of Skye. Th@e Sir William Wallace, Anderson, arrived from Miramichi on the 9th inst. after a passage of. 5 weeks, and reports the Aimwell, Morrison Ceres, @Raitt @Pilot, Law and Suspence, - nearly loaded. ######################################### that has been held for many years, comprising the Dukes of York and Clarence, the Cabinet Ministers, and about thirty o@ther Peers, besides the Judges. After reading her Majesty's Memorial to the King, of which a copy is subjoined, Mr. Brougham addressed the Council in support of Her Majesty's right, which @he chie@ﬂy rest- ed on the fact that no married King of this country had ever been crowned without his consort partakin@g of the solemnity. Where this had not taken ################################################################################## William Smith, Advocate, ##################### QUARTERS. @Wanted, for two or three Young ################# PRIVILEGE of SHOOTING MUIR@@@ GA@ME, for the @ﬁrst 10 or 14 days of the ensuing Season, on Grounds in the Counties of Aberdeen or Ban@ﬀ. Any Gentleman who can give the ##################################################################### the ############################################################################################################################################################## ARE WANTED, @T O CUT about 2000 Ells of Large Open ################ some Covered DRAINS and also to Pare and Bu@rn from Two to T@hree Acres of Moss Ground, on the Farm of NETHERTON, parish of Cairn@ey. Intending Contractors for executing the work, are re- quested to attend there on Friday, the 20th current, when an agreement will be made with those whose Estimates are then accepted of. For further information, inquire at Messrs. George Hern, at Netherton or Thomas Shier, in @Huntly. Not to be repeated. ROUP OF SAW-MILL MACHINERY TOOLS, @c. To #################################################### BOUT 30 ACRES of IMPROVE@ABLE@@ GROUND, in the HILL of MURTLE. There is an excellent Dwelling House and O@@ﬃces, newly erect- ed, and a good Road leading from the Turnpike. The Proprietor will trench and inclose the whole of the ground-the Tenants paying interest for the expense t@hereof. Every encouragement will be given to indus- trious Tenauts with some capital and none but such need apply. @Forbes Craighead, Grieve at Murtle, will point out the Ground and o@ﬀers are to be given in to the Pro- prietor, at Murtle, betwixt this and the 8th day of Aug. on which day the Ground will be Let. TO CARTERS. Wanted, CONTRACTORS for REMOVING the STONES from about eleven Acres of TRENCHED GROUND on the Hil@l of MURT@LE, to the extremity of the Fields where t@he D kes are to be built. Forbes Craighead, Grieve at Murtle, will point out the boundary lines to which the Stones are to be removed @@and persons willing to contract for the whole, or any part of the Work, may attend at Murtle, at 12 o'clock neon on the 20th instant. July 11, ############################################################################################################################################### total, for the town and parish, of 30,575. The re- turn in 1811 was 29,716. The number of inhabited houses, is said to be 2651 of families, 7704 of houses building, 17 of houses uninhabited, 105 of families chie@ﬂy employed in agriculture, 307 of families chie@ﬂy employed in trade, manufactures, and handicrafts, 422@3 of all other families, @3174. The population of the town and parish of Inverness has just been ascertained, and amounts to 12,194.-In 1811 it was 11,600,-giving an increase of only 594. In 1811 a woollen and a thread manufactory were ######################################## neighbourhood of Aberdeen. S EVERAL FIELDS, on the LANDS of FOUN- TAIN@HALL, are intended to be FEUED for@@ Building and will be given o@ﬀ in such quantity as can be agreed on. In all the @ﬁelds there is an inexhaustible supply of ex- cellent Spring Water, a few feet under the surface t@he ground lies on a good exposure to the South, and shelter- ed from t@he North. It is within twenty minutes walk of the centre of the town, and yet has all the retirement of the Country. Apply to Alexander Copland, Advocate, Queen Street. LIGHT POST COACH. #################################################### on Monday next, the @16th July curt., A Quantity of SAWS, WHEELS, PULLEYS, and other MACHINERY and TOOLS, of va- rious sorts, lately used in and about the Saw-Mill at Monymusk. Many of the Articles are of excellent quality, and well worth the attention of Carpenter@, Wood Sawyers, and others in want of such. T@he Roup to commence exactly at 12 o'clock mid-day. Credit, on security. A. COOPER, Auctioneer. Monymusk, 9th July, @@1821. BEAUTIFUL VILLA, AND ###################################################################################################### M R. INNES having lately died, leaving various matters unsettled, all those to whom he was any- ways indebted at the time of his death, are@ particularly requested to meet within t@he o@@ﬃce of John@ Forsyth, Writer in Forres, on Wednesday the @18th July curt. at 12 o'clock noon, in order to determine on some general measure respecting the disposal and management of his Estate. Such as cannot attend personally are earnestly@ solicited to authorise some person to act for them. Forres, July 9, 1821. Not to be repeated. ################################## COTTAGE, called@@ FONT-HILL, near the mouth of the @@Dee-pre- se@ntly possessed by Major FISHER with a complete Garden and Hot-h@ouse, stocked with every thing useful for a Family and w@alled round in the most substantial manner. T@he Cottage contains Dining and Drawing Rooms, with Sleeping Apartments, @c. suitable for the accom- m@odation of a family beside@ W@as@h-house, Stable, @@c. with an abundant supply of @ﬁne Spring Water at the door. It combines the advantages both of a Town and Country Residence, being not more than @ﬁfteen minutes walk from the Market Cross and having excellent air, @and a most ########## view of the Town and Bay of Aber- deen, and of the surrounding country, for a great many ############ the Cottage and Garden, there are about Two ################ The whole will be sold by private bargain a@nd may be viewed o@n Monday's or Saturday's, from 12 to 2 o'clock.k. Particulars may he learnt, by applying to George Wilson, Advocate in Aberdeen or Dr Dyee, the Pro- prietor. COMPACT AND DESIRABLE FARM, Within@ four miles of Aberdeen. The FARM of CUTTLEHILL, in t@he Parish of N@ewhills, on the Old Skene Road, immediately adjoin- ing to White@myres-consisting of upwards of@ 90 Acres 74 of which are Arable, and in a high state of cultiva tion, and sub-divided by substantial Stone Dykes, into 20 Parks of various sizes which have for some years been in Grass, and may now be broke up with conside- rable advantage to an incoming tenant. The whole will be let to a substantial tenant on advantageous terms. If these Lands are not let in one Farm, within three months, they will be divided into such Lots as tenants may incline, and on such length of Lease as may b@e agreed on.ed ############# above, to Mr Wilson@ or Dr Dyce, the ################################################### will be sold, by public roup, within the Lemon Tree Tavern, Aberdeen, upon Friday the 27th July curt. at 6 o'clock in the evening, @@T HAT DWELLING HOUSE and SHOP, with @@the Pertinents, situated o@n the East Side of the Correction Wynd of Aberdeen, formerly belonging to the deceased ############### and now to her Trus- tees, and presently possessed by T@ho@@mas Co@ck, who will shew the premises. The title deeds and articles of roup are in the hands of John@ Smith, Advocate, Gallowgate, to whom for further information, application may be ######################################## which are now given up. The operations of the Canal were also car- rying on in the immediate neighbourhood of the town, which are now completed. These works caused a great population in 1811, and are some of the reasons why the increase is so small. ######################################## sive of the country part of t@he parishes, ################################################################################################################################################################# The Annual General Meeting of t@he Forbes Lodge of True Caledonians was held in t@he Town Hall of Old Meldrum, on Monday the 25th ult. After exa- mining t@he Funds of the Lodge, which were found to have accumulated in a most satisfactory manner, it ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# as far back as the coronation of Richard ############################################################################### of George the First. He concluded a very elaborate speech at 2 o'clock, when the Council adjourned till Friday, on which day he resumed his argument, and was followed by Mr. Den- man, after which t@he Privy Council again adjourned till Saturday, when they heard the Attorney and Soli- citor General in reply. Mr Brougham @afterwards ########################################## 4.-Mary, Henry, London Catherine, Murray, Newcastle Charles, Reid, Sunderland. @6. Dart, Hall, ################################################ to deliberate and giv@@@e judgment. The question of the Queen's right to par@@@@@@@- take in the solemnity of Coronation, w@as denied by ######################################################################################################################### July 3.-Fortitude, Hilson, #################### St. David's Nimrod, Anderson, ################### dale Expert, Stephen, Fraserburgh Ann, Stephen, Aberdeen Dart, Hall, Spey. @SOUND LIST. June 20......Bruce, Greig, @Havannah, Petersburgh, @@sugar. 22......Union, Ord, Cromarty, do. ballast. 23......Laurel, Reid, Petersburg@h, Jersey, cor- dage. .....Ocean, Brown, Met@hel, London, timber. The Nicholas, of Aberdeen, Capt. James. Pithoy, from @Havannah, bound to St. Petersburg@h, is arrived, and performs four days quarantine. Bel@four, Ellah, Rain@als, ##################################################### HE Inhabitants of O@LD ############################# and Neighbourhood, have long complained, that when they had occasion to be in Aberdeen, to settle Bank or other business, they could not get in by the Mail Coach sooner than two o'clock, which is after the hour of business, and were therefore put to the expence of being two nights in Aberdeen. GRAY ############# Proprietors of the Aberdeen and Peterhead Telegraph, therefore, beg to inform them, and the Public in general, that they are to Start a LIGHT POST COACH, on THURSDAY ### 19th i@nst. to leave Mintlaw every law- ful morning, at a quarter past @ﬁve o'clock, and meet t@he Telegraph Coach at Birness Toll Bar, on the road lead- ing from Peterhead to Aberdeen when Passengers, who have come with said @Mintlaw Light Post Coac@h, will @be conveyed to Aberdeen by the Telegraph and the Mint- ############################################################################################################################ which was paid last year and the election of O@@ﬃce-bearers took place as follows, viz. THOMAS SIMPSON, ########################### Vice-President. John Gray, Dean James Cruickshank, treasurer, pro tempore@@ James Milne, secretary Erskine Maitland, champion Alexander Bruce, James Mor- gan, stewards James Milne, Bethelnie, John Cowie- son, Peter Davidson, Alexander Hendry, Benjamin Troup, Joseph Chrystie, Alexander Manson, Alex. Rannie, pro tempore, counsellors John Barber, clerk John Davidson, o@@ﬃcer. After the procession, there was a dinner and ball and the company spent the evening in their usual good humour. DEATH OF BONAPARTE. Dispatches have been received from St. Helena, which contain t@he important intelligence of the decease of Bonaparte. @He expired on Saturday, the 5th of May, about six o'clock in the evening, of a lingering illness, which had con@ﬁned him to @hi@s bed for upwards of forty days. ################################################## will reach Mintlaw at seven same evening by which means,@ people having Bank and other business to settle in Aber- deen, will have four hours in the forenoon to do it, and be at their own homes same day. Inside Passage from Mintlaw to Aberdeen, ......7s. Outside, ######################################################### Passengers will receive Tickets for Mintlaw, upon calling at WM. GRAY'S, Frederick Street. N.B. The Telegraph starts from @WM. ######## Fre- derick Street, every afternoon, exactly at a quarter before three@ and from ########################## Peterhead, at half-past @ﬁve every morning. TURBOTOT W ILL be sold at a Cellar in the Sugar-house@@@@ Close, between 10 and 2 o'clock This @@Day and every day there are any caught. Fish of 7½ lb. and ########## @6d. each. All above that weight, 4d. # lb. Quay, July 11, ######################################################################################################### ################################# Deesi@de Turnpike at the Church of Upper Banchory. A Plan and Speci@ﬁcation will be seen at Raemoir, where o@ﬀers will be received. FARM TO BE LET. To be Let, by public roup, at Bervie, on Monday the 27th of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, @T HE Farm of LARGIE, in the parish of Kinne@@@ﬀ, consisting of about 1@@16 acres Arable Land and Yards 1@2 acres Pasture and about @30 acre@s of #### Ground. This Farm is inclosed and subdivided with @stone dykes and lies on the side @of the turnpike road be- twee@n Bervie and Stonehaven, being 3 miles from the former, and 7 miles from the latter place. The greate part of the Farm it presently in Grass. Further particulars will be given by Mr Brand, Writer Stonehaven or David @Louson, Town-clerk, Arbroath. Arbroath, 7th July, 1821. ############################ of JAMES ROBERTSON@@@ Bogforth, parish of Cairney, are requested to meet within the Gordon Arms Inn, @Huntly, on Tuesday the 17th current, at 12 o'clock noon, to see a Statement of his A@ﬀairs, and to conce@rt what may be the most proper mea- sures to adopt for the interest of all concerned. Those who cannot attend, will either give in a state of their Claims, on the day of the meeting, or transmit them, pre- vious thereto, to the said James@ Robertson. Bog@@forth. 5th ##################################################################### OF ABERDEEN. I T is proposed to Celebrate the@ CORONATION, by @@a Public Dinner, on ################### of July current, under the direction of The Right Hon. LORD FORBES, And the LORD PROVOST of the City of Aberdeen. LORD FORRES in the Chair. On this occasion, it is hoped that as many Gentlemen of the Town and County as conveniently can, will be present. Those who mean to attend, will please leave their names @with the Keeper of the Court House, or at the Athen- aeum, on or before Monday the 16th, at 2 o'clock, when # General Meeting will take place, in the Saloon of the Court House, to nominate Stewards for conducting the necessary arrangements. Dinner, at 5 o'clock, on the terms of an Ordinary, at suck Place as will be afterwards noti@ﬁed. Aberdeen, 10th July, ########################### WEDNESDAY, July 11. Died, at Forfar, on the 25th ult. ##################### ########################################### CHARLES JAMIESON, WATCH MAKER, AND DEALER IN O@PTICAL AND MATHEMATICAL INSTRUMENTS, CASTLE STREET, ABERDEEN, B EGS leave most respectfully to announce to the Nobility, Gentry, and Public of Aberdeen, his re- turn to his Native City, and that he has Opened that Shop, in the Corner of the Town House, opposite the Plain Stones, where he intends carrying on the above #################################################### had many years experience in the @ﬁrst Houses in London, he @ﬂatters himself that he will@ be able to serve those who may please to employ him, to their entire satis- faction and trusts, that his attention and assiduity in business, will ensure a share of the public patronage.-Likewise, has to intimate, that he CLEANS and RE- PAIRS FRENCH MUSICAL CLOCKS, WATCHES, and SNUFF BOXES. MATHEMATICAL INSTRUMENTS Furnished on the shortest notice, and warranted. C. J. with due deference, mentions, that the Stock of Goods @he has now on hand, are well worthy the inspec- tion of the public. Orders from the Country will be punctually at- tended to. @DEALERS supplied on the most liberal ####################################################################### suspected lie was dying of the same dis- ease which had killed his father, namely, a cancer in the stomach. O@n opening the body, this was found to @be correct, as a cancer had actually taken place.-He was sensible till the last day, and died without pain. During the @ﬁrst four weeks of his illness, it did not assume any dangerous appearance, though he appear- ed himself to be conscious that it would terminate fa- tally. During the last@ fortnight it was evident to all the medical attendants that he could not recover. It is said @he gave directions about his a@ﬀairs and papers till @ﬁve or six hours before @he died, having retained his senses till that period. He said he had wished to be opened, in order that his so@n might be informed of the nature of @his disease. The body was opened by his own surgeon. @He has left a w ill, which, with his other papers, have been, or will be, transmitted to this country. @He was born in August, 1769. The dispatches were brought by Captain Crokat of the 20th regiment. They were immediately commu- nicated to all the Ministers, and to t@he Ambassadors, by whom couriers are understood to have been dis- patched to their di@ﬀerent Courts. It has been supposed that the Heron, which brought the dispatches, also brought the body of Bonaparte to England but this, we understand, is not the case. He himself requested, when convinced that his ######################################################################## Memorial of her Majesty the Queen sheweth, that your Majesty has, by your Royal ############## bearing date at Carlton-house, the 9th day of June inst.@ declared your royal @will and pleasure to celebrate the So- lemnity of your @Royal ########## upon Thursday t@he 19th day of July next, at your Palace at Westminster, but that directions have not been given for the Coronation of t@he Queen, as hath heretofore been accustomed on the like occasions. That divers of your Majesty's subjects, by ancient customs and usages of these realms, as also in regard of divers tenures, of sundry manors, lands, a@nd other hore- ditaments, do claim, and are bound to do and perform divers services on t@he day and at the time @of the Corona- tion of the Queens Consort of these realms, as in times @precedent their ancestors and those from whom they claim have done and performed at the Coronation of the Queens Consort in times past. That the Queen most dutifully claims, as of right, to celebrate the ceremony of her Royal Coronation, and to preserve, as well her Majesty's said right, as the a- foresaid lawful rights and inheritances of others your Ma- jesty's subjects. The Queen respectfully prays that your Majesty will be graciously pleased forthwith to issue your Royal Pro- clamation, thereby to appoint ######## @19th July next, at Westminster aforesaid, to celebrate the ceremony of her Coronation as the Queen Consort of your Majesty, and to direct that all such as by the said customs and usages and tenures are bound to do and perform t@he services a- foresaid, do duly give their attendances accordingly, at the said day and time of the Coronation aforesaid, in all respects furnished as to so great a @solemnity appertain- eth, and answerable to the dignities and places which eve- ry one of them holdeth and enjoyeth a@nd further, that your Majesty will be graciously@ pleased to issue your Royal Commission under your Great Seal, appointing your Commissioners to receive, hear, and determine, the petitions and claims which shall be made to them in this behalf. And the QUEEN, c. Paris journals to the 1st inst. have been received. The Legislative Chambers are still sitting. The com- mittee of the lower house, on the proposal for continu- ing the censorship on the French press, @has recom- mended that this restriction on liberty be no longer continued. It ma@intains that there are laws su@@ﬃcient to repress the licentiousness of the press, without this previous vassalage, or that such might be enacted. T@he news from Turkey continues of the usual vague and uncertain description, as there are no gazettes printed in that quarter. T@he Austrian Observer, printed at Vienna, on t@he @16th ult. says, that accord- ing,@to accounts from Bucharest of the 3d, the head- quarters of the Turkish army, which had entered Wal- lachia under the orders of Hadschi Ame@d Pacha @was at Colentino. These troops were waiting until joined ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# TIMBER FOR SALE.@@ To be sold, by public roup, on Saturday t@he 21st inst. near Messrs. ############### Co.'s Ropework on the Links of Aberdeen, @@T @@HE ENTIRE CARGO of the Brig Sir ################# being the @ﬁrst imported this season consisting of @8,000 fect @of YELLOW PINE 5,000 feet of RED PINE and 1,000 feet of BIRCH. The Cargo was all lately cut@,@@ a@nd well selected, espe- cially the Yellow Pine, which is particularly calculated for Clefting. Those in want of such, will ﬁnd it their interest to attend, as the whole is intended to he sold o@ﬀ. Credit will he ########################################################## and pointed out the spot in which he wished his remains to be placed. His fune- ral, it was expected, would take place on the @19th May, the day after the sailing of the Heron. Sir Hudson Lowe states, that he shall cause the body to be interred with the honours due to a General O@ﬃ- cer of the highest rank. The@ illness of the ex-Emperor lasted in the whole six weeks, and its e@ﬀects, on his frame, as described by an o@@ﬃcer who had frequent opportunities of seeing him during that period, were so powerful as nearly to reduce him to a skeleton, and to obliterate all traces of his former features. He su@ﬀered very severely at intervals, but was throughout tranquil and composed, and resigned to his fate. Though Bonaparte is supposed to have su@ﬀered much, his dissolution was so calm and serene, that not a sigh escaped him, or any intimation to the by- standers that it was so near. Bonaparte was always t@he inveterate enemy of this country but he paid tho f@ull forfeit and if he did us much injury by his hostility, it was also the means of calling fort@h so many energies, and producing such a display of patriotism on the part of the country, that it may be fairly doubted, whether @he served or injured us most by his enmity. But he is dead and the hatred which he excited when alive is buried in the grave which encloses his remains. The towering height to which he ascended the self-possession which @he dis- played during his meteor-like ascent the humble level from which he darted and the perfect case which he displayed, when he alighted on@@ that giddy @summit, evidently proved that his g@enius was of the eagle kind. But if he had powers ########### mortal, he ############################# of hu@man ######################################################################################################## his force@ a- mounted to upwards of 10,000 men. @T@he intelligence from Spain, both in the public pa- pers and the private letters, continues to represent that @country as ill an extremely disturbed state. A private letter from Madrid of the 15th ult. states, that the re- volution@ary club at the Fontana ď Ovo, in that city, continued its sittings, and the citizens repaired to it well armed. It is mentioned, that th@e question deb@at- ed at the club on the preceding day, related to t@he@ in-@ v@@iolability of the King's person and those speake@@rs, were loudly applauded, who maintained that t@he in- violability ceased from the moment that there were any infractions of the laws, or of an oath. Three Lisbon@ mails have been received, bringing the following intelligence. The King of Portugal has been delayed in the Brazils longer than was at @ﬁrst anticipated but he has sent a dispatch to the Portu- guese Cortes, not only assuring them that be will speedily return to his ancient kingdom, a@nd in their presence swear to the Constitution which they alone have a right to adopt, but protesting, in the most em- phatic terms, against any insinuation that he does not act thus entirely of his own froe will ################# also strongly reprobates the interference of foreign powers in the a@ﬀairs of his dominions. Mr Scarlett has relinquished his poor law bill for the present session. Th@e Lord Chancellor has been created Viscount Encomb Earl of Eldon. Sir Will@iam Scott has been created Ba@ron Stowel, of ################## purchased from the executors ###################