[OCR_toInput] 5nyrrtai iparliimrnt. HOUSE OF LORDS K'eitnesdav, June V . I, - o ,..i b -a Bi t who did r.ot know Thiir Lords! i .'s judgment in too So.in cause of Nas. , ut. i. Hare, was torrevsising the uecriica of the court . low. The woo len stampio • hill was road a s ro d thee. The 1 otuii's of Linsdowne ur,4eutid a 'petition from i i individual named James Gurney, of the Kira's Coun ty t Belaud, praying the adoption of a plan lit laid in i' .t rt tot die more effectual amelioration of t'.ie poor-Adjourned. Thursday, June S3. Tilt STRATllMO.lL fLEttACE. At h .li-ya t two oViock there was a comtnittre of pri vileges on t! e Strathmore IVerHg.n when -Mr Wethcrell was heard out for the I'.llrpctl son of the deceased Lari-Alter li is the Lord Chancellor pave it as his opinion. It,at the Karl of Strathmore being a Itn.ish Peer, in both hi peerages, the alleged son was illegitimate to all pur-j os a of succession. The noble und learned Lord was r iy-ji.tted in his opinion by Lord Redtsdule, who con tend, ti that the kingdoms of England and Scotland had become one at die period of the union, when the law of England Hint be'Came t'.ie general law. The Eail of Shaftesbury as e'hairman then moved, 'That the right honourable Thomas Bowes had made out !iis claim to the title of Earl of Strathmore, but that tiie supposed sen of the deceased Earl had failed to make out lit claim which motion was agreed to by tnc house. The Scottish distillery drawback bill, the Scots malt bill, the Irish stock transfer bill, the white liming fishery bill, and the charitable estates' bill, as amended, were severally read a third time, passed, and messages to that sifevt sent to the other house. Vidov, June 29. Ti e 1 .ills of exchange bill, and the agricultural horse duty bill, were brought up from the Commons, and read first time. The wool importation till, the land tax commissioners bill, tiie Irish jail fees bill, and others, were read a third time, and passed. After a good deal of discussion on tiie London wharfs bill, it was read a third time, and passed.-Adjourned till Monday. Monday, July 2-The Royal Assent w as given by commission to the loan hill, the fir chequer bills bill, the Irish Treasury bill, t'ie Bank of Ireland, the wool importation, the Irish transfer of stock bill, the naval .stores bill, the Scotch e'istillcries and malt duties bill, tiie wool registry bill, the vagrant 1 tvs amendment bill, the county rates bill, the Justices of tiie Peace bill, the fur trade regulation bill, anl some private bills. Lord Da te withdrew the bankrupt laws amendment bill, ujo.i which the I,ord Chancellor intimated he should l irosrif bring in a bill upon this subject early in the next session of Parliament. PI.-DI.IC ECOKOOIY. The Earl of Darniey, pursuant to notice, rose to bring forward his motion on this subject. After some introduc tory remarks relatin'' to the advanced state cf the session. ai-.A Ids anxious uestre tu see economy adopted in alt the departments of the state, he entered into a long and de tailed statement of tiie different departments, and their respective olftces, wherein, he was persuaded, a great saving tu the country might he made. The Nolle Lord dweit for some time on tne distresses of agriculture, oh sewing that where the farmer, and tire agricultural in truest in general, were obliged to pay their rents out of their capital, without being able to realize any profit, dis tress was the natural consequence. He hoped some ef fectual remedy would be found to afford relief to the agri cultural inter, st of the country. He next adverted to tiie navy, and although he was desirous of attributing great praise to tiie Noble Lon at tiie hood of that department, for the active part he had takento effect economy, still 1 thought a further saving might be made. Tr.e Ncbl Iron! irien alluded to the army, the ordnance, the civil list, and to every head under which he thought a tion of the present expendifttre might be made and, up. oa th whole, he thought a saving to tiie country might be lately effected to the amount of two millions. The Noble Lord concluded by moving an humble address to hi Maj-sty, praying that he would be graciously pleased to direct an inquiry to be made into the expenditure of the count-y, with a view to economy. Tiie Earl of Liverpool considered that r.o effectual rc lief could be afforded to the agriculturists by leglslativ. -■..,1 l.J .t !h.V V, jab the public ot Eld,bW. that the ground near Regent' Bridge belonged tu the Baronet 'r He took .occasion to notice another instance of negligence on tiie par of gov-.minti.t, where the public interest was concerned. The revenue of Scotland, a-Ripunttog to £3,000.UOtt, had been transmitted to' this country tv certain bankers, at forty days. A friend o lfs had offered to transmit it at twenty, and to give Ex-chequer fills in advance, or any security that might be required. This, however, had not been attended to, and tec others having coins down to thirty days, the Chancel lor of the Exchequer had left the business in their hands, and thus a loss was sustained by tiie country. He cor., eluded by moving a resolution, declaring, that it appear ed to the House that great irregularities had taken place in connection with the building of the new Stamp .mice in Edinburgh, and paitituLtly in the appointment of the surveyor by u contractor, and in carrying on the works contrary to tiie opinions given by the Board of Stamps and the Board of Works, and in the purchase of the ground adjoining the said budding. Sii ,1. iWar oiibanks- explained the circumstances coll ated with the purchase of the ground on which the Stamp Otiicc hail keen built, and Ids offer of the same to government. The situation, he contended, was in vari ous respects more eligible than anv other that had been offered. The size of tiie new bui ding was at least one-third larger tlanTjumbteck's hotel, and laid out express ly for the business. The cost of tl e Hotel would have been £' lt 0, and tie alterations which would be necessary must have occasioned an additions,! ei arge of £'1500, making a total of i'991'0. The new building cost AylUO. He com-ilained of having been kept jr. town by this motion, when ic wished to accompany his femfiy to Scotland, and con cluded by lamenting tiie taste winch bed obtained in the present tunes for assiifing individual character. Lord A. Hamilton disclaimed nil intention of imputing to the honourable Baronet, or to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, any corrupt motives in what they had done. He, however, should vote for the motion, if his honoura ble friend pressed it to a division. The Chancellor of the Exchequer said, the question appeared to be, whether the Treasury ought, in tine exc. fM.minis VI- i ■ J itoi to be under-'11 stood iis giving any opinion ox tius subject. As a l'ri y I Councillor, he was bound to s-ervey but lie could ns-1 sure the Hon. Member, that any claim of her Majesty provisions. He thought that any speculative neesure oJy ternlsd to create the evil. Economy was the only mea-ure to adopt, and he was one of those who were de sirous of seeing it adopted, as far as the safety of tl.e country would admin His Majesty's Governmerit bad been desirous of reducing the expenditure of the country upon this principle. During the last yrar the estimates were £1,1109,000 lew than tie year before, which was u proof of the intention of his Majesty's Government but tie reduction of offices, dec. required deliberation. Each of the heads which had been touched upon by the Noble Xjprd would require one whole night to go into their mi-nutise u..d details. With regard to the navy, the Nolle Lord hail thought a specific number less than the number at present would be sufficient for the protection of tiie country-but the Nobie Lord did not seem to take into account that there was such a thing as wear and tear. No specific number of ships could remain stationary. If men did not die, ot ships rot in time of peace, there would be no necessity for recruiting or ship budding but unhap pily this was not the case, and to keep up II sail of the line we were consequently put to all the expcnces of dock yards and ship-building. He Lord Liverpool would not enter, at present, into the other statements of propos ed retrenchment contained in the speech of tiie Noble Earl, but he must bring into view one tiling which the Noble Bari seemed to have forgotten in hissweeping pro gress of economy, namely, that a great proportion of the expenditure of Lie army consisted in half pay and allow ances, which could not be reduced because guaranteed by the national faith. These fixed payments amounted to mors than the whole peace establishment of 1792, and would,, so long as they continued, prevent us from re ducing our military expenditure in the tame proportion ax we reduced tiie numerical force of the army. While lie -tated this fact, and called upon Noble Low's to mo derate their expectations, he was at the same time willing ciition of n work for which they were responsible, to sub- him, as they had become necessary by change of tnit tlcir own opinions to ihoso of a subordinate board.- stances, and tiie residence cf his Koval iiigbnes With readout to the choice he had made in the present in stance, of a spot for building the office in question, he shori'il not enter very largely into the subject, after tiie adcq uate explanation . iven by the honourable Baionc behind him. He couli, however, stats' , that he had de cided as he had done with great pleasure, as he under stood that the plan he had approved of would be subser vient to the beauty of one of the tirst cities in the world. Relative to the transfer of money, he had to observe, that as the only difference between t!' e offer of the honourable gentleman opposite Mr Maberly and the Bar.k of Scot land was a period of live days in the date of Ida bills, he ha.1 thought it but fr.ir to pvc the preference to the-latter, waieh had for so Ion# a period d. .2 the business with punctuality ar.d propriety. Mr Maberly explained the transaction alluded toby the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the honourable Baionet dir J. Marjori banks , in which he was involved. The Scotch remittances were cexierall v made at 60 and 40 days' date. He, however, had offeree! to government to do the same at 20 days' date. The Chancellor of the Exchequer then acceptedfthc oilir of the other parties at 35 days' date, thereby makirsr a loss to the public of 10 days' in terest upon three minions of money. He had not asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer for any favour, but merely for fair competition. After a few words from Sir J. Marjoribanks, Sir O. Clerk, and Mr Hume, the motion v. B3 negatived with out a division. PUBLIC EXPENDITURE. Mr Hume brought forward l is promised motion rela tive to the expenditure of the country. The honourable member went into an elaborate detail of items in the va rious departments, pointing out various instances of ex travagance and mismanagement, and concluded by mov ing the following resolution That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, to the effect, that his Majes ty might be pleased to institute a minute inquiry imo the mode of collecting the revenue, and also into the salaries of officers, and that a vigilant superintendance might be held ever every branch of the public expenditure, with a view to effect o reduction in the same, particularly in the military establishments. The Marquis of Tavistock supported the motion, and denounced tnc Ministers as unworthy tbs confidence of the Ei. g or people . Mr Hunks, at considerable length, combated the argu ments of tl.e two preceding speakers, and moved as an uuicncmvnt that an address be presented to hi Majesty, assuring him that the House viewed with Mtisftction the measures that hud beet taken by government for u gene ral revision of the expcnc.s incurred in collecting the cus tom duties, and requesimg his Majesty to give directions for ia similar revision ro he extended to nil the other branches of the revenue, in order that the collection of tie same might be more economical ar.d efficacious that his Majesty dc also irtmated to cause an inquiry to be made into tiie various departments of the civil govern ment. The Marquiwes of Londonderry and Titchfield oppos ed the motion, and Lord Milton ar.d Mr Crecvy support ed it r, when the house divided-For Mr Hume's motion, W-Against it, 174. Thursday., June 28. A petition was presented from the brrwers of Dundee, praying the repeal of certain clauses in an act passed for the'iegulation of the sale of beer, and or.e to the same ef fect from Renfrew. Mr W ilberforce moved an address to his Majesty, pray ing him to provide some settlement for negroes tnat had would be duly considered. Mr Bernal, adverting to the question n6w before the House, declared his objection to granting the arrears to his Koval Highncns. ... Mr Martin supported the grant he considered the House pledged by its tormor vote. After soiiic observations from other Members, the Re port was agreed to, and the Bill ordered to be read a third time on Monday. Colonel Davies wished to know what was the estimated expcnces of the Coronation £1U0,090 had been trrart d, but to look r.t the preparations, he was convinced ,£500,000 was not sufficient to answer the purpose. The Chancellor of the Exchequer was persuad' d a small addition to the £100,000 already granted, would be sufficient. Mr Scr.rktt sa,ul, it was estimat?d that 150,000 specta tors would take seats to aoe the procession, at six guineas each. The proprietors of these stands were the only per-yor.s who would get any thing by the ceremony let them give up or.e guinea out of each seat, and the expence would be defrayed. On the Ovd r of the Day being read for receiving the Report on the Bill for auditing Eublic Accounts, Mr 51 aberly proposed a clause, which waa agreed toby the Chancellor of the Exchequer, ar.d r.diV.d te the Bill. Mo7tday t J'Jy 2. Lord Londonderry moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Duke of Clarence's annuity bill. Mr Buhcr was decidedly against the rant of arrears o i this subject. He was cLsirous of placing the Duke of ' Clarence on the same footing with the rest of the Royal brothers, ar.d therefore he would not oppose the annuity necessary for'that purpose but the Member for Aber deen hau clearly, m his opinion, shewn that £ 3000 was sufficient to dotnis, and unless some one should shew the contrary, and that £'6000 was requisite for that pur pose, h? should oppose that grant. Mr Serjeant Onslow defended the claim of the Royal Duke to the arrears, which the House was pledged to give circum-Jiigbncss in this country. Mr Brougham said, his sentiments on this sub ject were well known, and it was unnecessary he should repeat them but he wished now to advert to the important sub ject which had been discussed on Saturday, namely, the delay of her Majesty's advisers in making a claim jor her coronation. It v rs the duty of her Majesty's advisers to wait till that ceremony was llxc-d. The proclamation was gazetted on the 12th Jude, and the 23d saw the memorial forwarded to his Majesty thus or.ly eleven days was ta ken lor consultation und preparing tiie memorial-no great delay-especially when it was cotsideved that holidays intervening shut up many sources o intelligence from him though he had to acknowledge the great courtesy he had experienced in the British Museum. Lon! Londonderry said, he had not charged her Ma jesty's legal advisers with delay, but only compared their tardiness in making their application to the celerity which they expected in tire answer to that application. As to the 21-t May being the fiist. time this subject was men tioned, he had given his opirion even last session on this subject. She was then told that rt rented with the Crown to call her or not to the ceremony and that his Majesty would not be advised to require her attendance. He should also add, that a memorial was this morning re ceived by the Secretary ot JState from her Majesty, desir ing to be heard by her Counsel. This was submitted im mediately to his Majesty, and he was now prepared to state that his Majesty had, as a matter of grace and fa vour, but not rs one of right, given orders that her Ma jesty should be so heard by her Counsel. He thought this would prove the disposition on the part of his Majes ty to extend to the Queen every possible indulgence. Mr Brougham said a few words in explanation. The bill was then pass-jd, and oiderea to the I ords. On the order of the day for receiving the report on the extra post bill, Mr 'alcraft opposed it as inconvenient, and likely to interfere with the present establishment.-He was follow ed by Sir J. Yorke, Mr F. Lewis, er.d others. The House then divided on the bill, when the numbers were-For receiving the report, . . 31 Agvinyl it, ..... ,3 The bill was lost by a majority of -8 Mr Scarlett then rose to call the attention of the House to the poor Law amendment bill. He wished not to ex cite delate. but merely to state his reasons lor not pres sing the bill at this advanced riod cf the session, and to ask leave to withdraw it for the present. lie hoped that the measure would be attended nextSes sicn with a greeter degree of discussion. He would, at the same time, propose another Bill for the purpose cf re gulating and modifying the system with tne view parti cularly of specifying the moral claims for relief, which demanded attention, and of checking tire extravagance of management which was so generally felt. A waim dis-JUi PariLu.cn V.a sTJ, Yes. 4 OrurJ.d Fv , in continuation, observed, t It is precisely what has pas sed in the English Parliament that proves my doubts arc but too ti uc. We arc guilty of an infraction of the Treaty, and thus foreigners may justly interfere. Like you, Gentlemen, I am hostile to such interfe-rence, and to the visiting of our ships, and these arc reasons which demand, on the part of France, a reli gious observance of the Treaty of Abolition but it is my intention to enter fully upon this subject, when the question of the Colonies shall be before the Assem bly. Messrs. Benjamin Constant and Manuel, appealing to whut had taken place in the British Parliament, quoted Sir George Collier's Report, and mentioned the cases which have been proved before Committees of both our Houses. The Ultras took part in favour of the trade, and one of the most furious, Mr I e Fuymaurim, hud the audacity to say, tl at these cases were lies, as atro cious as they were absurd. The Minister of Marine also took upon himself to assert, that one of the most important statements contained in .Sir George Collier's Report was false because, forsooth, it appeared im probable to lus Excellency. Were we to look for ad ditional precis of the extent to which the Slave Trade continues to be carried on by France, we would not dcsiie more convincing evidence than the temper displayed by the Chamber of Deputies on this occa sion. A Committee, appointed by the Chamber of Depu ties to examine and report on the state of the Press, have come to a resolution that the e msorship ought to be abolished. 'I'lie ministry were, in consequence, said to be struck with consternation. 1 Much sensation was excited in the Chamber on hearing this Report. The Deputies impatiently thronged to be registered for he discussion before the sitting was adjourned, forty-ouo were inscribed to speak in favour of its recommendation, and thirty-five to oppose it. The Court of Peers have decided upon the accusa tions relative to the transactions of the 19th August. They acquit La my, but find Nantil, Mazian, Bey, and f I.avocat, Guilty, under the 87th article of the Penal Code, to which verdict the penalty of Death is attached. a.c-ut on all vi ssels in the Black Sea, says the sutne letter, is extremely injurious, and Russia will be the first to see the necessity of having recourse to much more efficacious means than mere remonstrances to the Divan. The arrival of Greek families, who seek in our country a shelter from the calamities which atHict their own, still continues. They consist, unfortu nately, however, of little more than fugitives, desti tute of all means of existence. They are received with compassion, and their countrymen who have been long established amongst us, subscribe largely for their support. pnfu ano Portugal. The advices from Spain are not of a nature t allay those apprehensions which the present condition of that country 13 calculated to excite. Indeed, the writers of some of the letters hold out the expectation of a po litical crisis, which it is impossible for the Govern ment, although supported by a large portion of the military, to avert. According to all the reports which have been re ceived respecting the state of the Peninsula, the whole of the Provinces, with the exception of Gallicia and Catalonia, appear to be very cold with regard to the new system. In the sitting of the Cortes on the 18th, a letter from General Quiroga was read, in which, after re turning thunks for the munificence of the Cortes in granting him a pension, he declares that he feels him self sufficiently rewarded by the approbation of his ser vices and that he shall want nothing as long as the Spaniards ere free. Several members, complimenting the disinterestedness of the General, thought his refu sal should not be accepted that regard should be had to his family, and some thought he had no right to re fuse, or to make himself greater than the Cortes, who had decreed this mark of national gratitude. The General's offer to renounce his pension was declared to be inadmissible. Colonial intelligence. Here is another dreadful effect of the insti- Letters and papers have readied London from Gib-Stations used by artful men, to work up others to raltar to ,he 20th ult. A great deal of bustle prcvail-critr.es, while they watcli the results, availing them- I ed there, in consequence of the activity and extent to selves of whatsoever succeenter into island and tiie Governor, we understand, had sent no-a sort of compromise with tiie Norwegian Diet, on tiie tice to this effect to the Spanish Government, contested question respecting the nobility. lie is wil-er of the 8th ult. augu.t ceremony. A Committee was appointed cu arrange this business and carry it into effect! The official returns of the population of this city have not yet been received but we have seen a state ment, which makes tiie numbers in Edinburgh and Leith amount to nearly 139,000, which is an increase since 1811 of 35,000. On Wednesday tiie Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council elected Dr. Andrew Duncan, jun. M. D. to fill tiie Materia Medica chair in tiie University of Edinburgh, vacant by tiie recent appointment of Dr. Janies Home to be Professor of the Practice of Physic. Tiiuisd.iy morning tiie last division of the 7th, or Ito al Fusiicers, marched from this city for EnglandL Tlte Edinburgh militia assembled on Tuesday at Dalkeith, for 21 days training and exercise. Tiie London, Leith, Edinburgh, and Glasgow Shipping Company's smack Fortli arrived at London on Tuesday last, after a passage of -18 hours from th Frith of Forth. The City of Edinburgh steam packet arrived at Blackwall on Saturday morning, having anchored tiie night before at tiie Nore. She performed her voyage in 55 hours and 43 minutes, exclusive of stoppages. Herring Fishery.-On Tuesday and Wednesday, there was caught by the fishermen at the port of Irvine, a considerable quantity of fresh herrings, of excellent quality, ana large size one boat brought in about 1800 on Wednesday morning. The whole sold to good advantage, being tiie first herrings taken tiler e tiiis season. There is a prospect of tiie fishing being good on tiie opposite coasts. On Saturday week the salmon fishers employed near Elclio Castle caught in their net a herring, wbieli mea sured two feet in length, and weighed four pounds English. A fire broke out on Thursday last, in a wriglrt'a shop in Paisley, during the exhibition of Mr Kent's aquatic performances on tiie liver Cart, and consumed all the property belonging to tilt inhabitants of throe ad joining houses. The property where the fire originat ed not having been insured, the owner was so much affected with ids loss, that he threw himself out of the window of tiie room where lie went to sleep, and was greatly injured. Mr Canrcit, banker in Glasgow, who died a few days ago, having no near relations, has left his fortune, with the exception of some legacies of no great a-mount, to two distant relatives, Mr Buchannan of Drumpellicr, and Mr James Moore, surgeon in Lon don, brother of tiie late Sir John Moore. Mr Moore gets the Galloway and Ayrshire estates, reckoned worth £150,000 Mr Buchanan, who is residuary legatee, is supposed to have got a much larger portion, having tiie Lanarkshire estates and the personals. As an instance of tiie remarkable drougiit this sea son, Lochlomond lias fallen fully seven feet perpendi cularly from the water mark and persons pass and re pass between two of tiie islands on stepping stones which have ton placed tiiere this week and of w hich there is no former vestige. cussion took place on the principle of this bill, which was ordered to stand over till next .Session and after routine husiness, the House adjourned. Tuesday, July 3. Mr Hobhouse presented a petition from an individual named Bcnkow, at present a prisoner on an indictment preferred against him by tiie Constitutional Association, and who remained in confinement in consequence of his not being able to obtain bail for good behaviour, although lie could get hail for appearance. Col. Davies then rose to present another petition from Capt. Romeo, complaining of the conduct of the Sicilian Government, and of the hardship iing to consent to the abolition of tiie order, upon con dition that an indemnity shall be granted to the suffer, ers, and that he shall have a right to ennoble hureaft. r any person who si lull render lignai services to the state. Naples, June 14. The strength if tiie Austrian army, which now oc cupies our turritcry, independently of the troops w hich form the garrisons of ail the fortresses throughout Naples and Sicily, is 25,000 men, who are all quar tered round this capital. Several brigades have taken positions at Puglia, Foggia, and Salerno, and in Ca labria. A strong division is cantoned in tiie Abbruz. zes. Paris, June 27. A person who was at Laybach, in intimacy with tiie Assembled Sovereigns, heard the Emperor Alex ander say, in an impatient and emphatic tone, which he rarely shews, in speaking of tiie Greek commo tions -' No! I positively will not meddle with them. What! Is it or.ly to depend upon tiie foolish enter, prize of a youth, to impose upon me the necessity of putting my fotces in motion ?' Letters from Vienna, of tiie 16th, communicate in-teliiger.ee from Bucharest of the 3d instant, with far ther details of he state of tiie Greek insurrection in that quarter. From a country where no gazettes or official reports are published, all intelligence must be viewed with distrust, and no statements believed with-A let-from a merchant at Havannah says, tiie duties levied upon tiie inhabitants of this Island by tiie new tariff, have been extremely injurious, and I find that I have a fair prospect of having tiie duties I have paid returned to me. The tariff itself produc ed such ill consequences, that it was only acted upon for a few days. __ B r _ imprisonment, and been captured by cur ships cf war whilst being conveyed lasses which lie had suffered, rs the rewind of the servi-as slaves, and ettcrwanls apprenticed, but whose term had cex rendered by him to the British army previous to our now or was about to expire. Agreed to. evacuatiofi of that island. The prayer of the petition On the report of the committee of supply being brought I was, that liis case might be referred to a committee for up, a lengthened conveisation took place respecting the investigation. rant of £20,00! to Genera! Desfurneaux. This was, _ Loid Londonderry would not oppose this petition being nowvver, after much febate, cut down to £5000, on the suggestion of Lord Burning. The claim was for the use of hospitals at Uuadaloupe, in the year 1796. 2'riday, June 29. Lord A. Hamilton presented a petition from the brew ers of Ayr, in Scotland, against the bill requiring certi ficates for tiie sale of bier. The noble Lord, after a va riety of observations showing the om-rcssive nature of this clause in the act, moved for a bill to repeal a clause of the act 1.2. Geo. IV. cap. 22, requiring accounts and to admit, that there existed peculiar circumstances in the 1 cettificates of the sale of beer. present state of the country, to itidui. us to reduce our expenditure as low as possible,-to make every exertion to economise. The Noble Earl concluded by proposing that alter tiie words an humble address he presented to his Majesty. tiie following amendment should be substituted for the Original motionto assure his Ma jesty that we have regarded with satisfaction the measures taken by his Majesty's commands for a general revision or expenditure in the department of the custom of Great Britain, and to entreat that his Majesty would be gra ciously pleased to direct a similar investigation to b? ex tended to ail the other brandies of the revenue, in order to render its collection rr.or economical and its manage ment more efficient. And that, for giving further relief to tbs country, his Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct u more minute inquiry into the several depart ments of the civ government, as well for the purpose of reducing tiie number employed, as with reference to the increased salaries granted during the late war, and since the year 1797, in consideration or additional lalour thrown upon individuals, and tiie change in the value of money. .And further, that his Majesty would be graciously leas ed to direc that every personal sivin j consistent with the public interest abt.il be effected in those more extended department of the public service which the country is o' lig-xl to maintain, and more especially in the military expenditure, by a reduction in the numbeis of he army, raid by a constant and vigilant supervision of all the de jartments of tiie State. When the question of die amendment was put from the woolsack. Earl Jrosvcnor gave the preference to the motion of his Noble Friend Lord Daruley , and insisted upon the practicability of tire economical reductions which he had recommended, and th . necessity of enforcing them under the existing distress of the country. After a tew words from L rd Melville, Earl Carnarvon, and Lord. Calthorpe, the amendment of Lord Liverpool was agreed m without a division. Tuesday, July 3. Ti e Duka of Clarence's provision bill was brought from ♦be Commons, also the Audit of Exchequer account bill, the aazrssed taxes composition bill, ana the metropolis palace bill. Wednesday, July 4 Several petitions were presented m favour of the bill for preventing cruelty to animals. Mr Broydan brought up from the Common the appro, rriat'on bill, the Custom-house officers relief bill, the lotteries hill, tiie Exchequer bills public works bill, and several other bills, which were read a second time. The ' husbandry horses repeal bill was read a second time. The I ulte of Clarence's further provision bt.'l was read a se cond time, and after some routine business, the House adjourned. HOUSE OF COMMONS. Wednesday, June 27-EDINBURGH TAMP OFFrCE. Mr Hume rose to bring under the consideration of the House the establishment of tiie Stamp Office at Edin burgh. 11 having been considered necessary that anew Stamp Office should be provided for this di partment ot tl.e revenue at Edinburgh, a person was deputed to that capital to inquire for a proper building, and this gentle man, in tiie course of his inquiries, discovered a house which he considered as well suited for the purpos'-a building well known, under the title of Pumbrcck's Ho tel, which was to be purchased for £T1W He commu nicated tl-is fact to Government but private influence prevailed against his recommendation, and in consequence of some i t ier recommendation. Government was induced After some conversation, tiie Chancellor of the Exche quer intimated there would be no occasion for the motion, it was therefore negatived without a division. On the resolution for Cl 535, is. for the payment of the officers of the Alien Office, Mr Hobhouse and Sir R. Wilson opposed it, on the principle of the oppressive na ture of tiie ulien act they declared it to be lepu.vrisnt to the feeling of every honourable man in the country. Af ter a lengthened conversation between Mr Hobhouse, Lord Londonderry, Mr.Clive, Mr Bennett, and ixmi Milton, tiie resolution was curried by a majority of 17. Dl'KE Or CLARENCE. On the Chancellor of tiie Exchequer moving for going into a Committee on the grant to the Duke of Clarence, Mr Creevy ro e to protect against the whole of this bill, which he declared to be ill-timed in its application, and unconstitutional in principle. The honourable member declared that tiie people had fce'n insulted, by the con duct he pursued towards an Illustrious I'ersonage. Alter such conduct tiie Royal Duke came but with, an ill grace to solicit money from the people. Mr O. ilankia supported the grant. Mr Harbord considered the Cjueen as much entitled to her arrears as tile Duke of Clarence. Upou tiie same prin ciple, £105,000 w ere due to her. Lord Londonderry considered all th se observations to have the edict which they were intended to have name ly, to create discontent out of doors. A conversation then took place between Mr Palmer, Mr C. Bathurst, Mr W. Smith, and other honourable members, when tiie committee divided.-.Ayes, 54-Noes, 24-Majority for the whole grant, 30. The house went into a Committee on the extra pest kill, which was ordered to be receiycd by a majority of 3. Suturilay, June S3. The following Bills wore read a third time and passed -The Hops Drawback Bill, the Isle of Sian Bill, the Public Service Bill, and the Irish Silk Bounties Bill. DUKE OF CLARENCE.-CORONATION OF THE QUEEN. On the Report of the Duke of Clarence's Annuity Bill being brought up. Sir R. Fergusqn said, he should give his decided ne gative to the grant for the arrears, and at the name time wished to ask if her Majesty was to be crowned ? The Marquis of Londonderry sard, an application had been made by her Majtsty some days ago but that the Law Officers, to whom it was referred, had not yet given their answer. As far as he was aware, there was no in tention tiiat her Majesty should participate in tiiat cere mony. •Mr Denman thought it extraordinary that no positive answer was given to tiie application of her Majesty, and that it should have remained unanswered from Monday till Saturday. Full time ought to be given to her Ma-I to assert her claims before the Council, he Alarquis of Londonderry was surprised her Mu-brought up. He must, observe, however, that after r.a~ turc consideration, this did not appeal to be a case in which the Government of this country could properly interfere. Lord l'. Ber.tinck could not say that Capt Romeo had any direct claim by services rendered the British army in Sicily. If he was net pah! sufficiently, he should have applied at the time to the governing au thorities in Sicily. After a few words from Mr Gouikure, Lord A. Ha milton, and Col. Davies, in reply, tiie petition w as or dered to lio on the table. Mr Wilberforcc presented a petition from a Colonel Wood, stating that in 179-1, he had raised a regiment of volunteers, with the expectation of promotion, but had failed of obtaining tiiat object, whilst tiie expence to which he had been put had ruined his fortune-praying tim house to afiord him relief, as Government had refused to take his case into consideration. Lord l'almcrston said, so far from Col. Wood having any reason to complain, he was considerably in debt to the public, and the fault of Government, if any, was that they had been too iudulgi lit. Ordered to lie on tile tabic. Mr Whitbread then brought forward his motion against the Constitutional Association, which he described ns a Bridge-street plot, set on foot by Attotnies, tor their own benefit. He concluded by moving, tiiat the Attorney-General be directed to enter a nolle prosequi on ail its pro secutions. Mr Bathurst defended the legnlitv of tiie Association, and believed tire Attorney-General had no right to inter fere. Dr Lushington supported the motion, and spoke against not only this society, but that for the suppression of vice. .Mr Wilberforcc defended the latter, and deprecated the-extreme licentiousness of tiie press, ns exemplified by Garble and others. Mr Denman condemned the society as unconstitutional. The Attorney and Solicitor Generals defended its le gality. Mr Brougham and Mr Scarlett maintained that it was unconstitutional, and therefore illegal. The latter ad mitted that he might alter liis sentiments, after hearing arguments on the subject 'Mr Whitbread declined pressing tiie motion to'a divi sion, ar.d it was negatived. The Lottery Bill was passed, after some opposition from Dr Lushington and Mr Bennett. The appropriation hill was passed, after a conversation on the proceedings of the session and then tiie House adjourned to Tuesday next. iHartttme Sintrlltgrnte. His Majesty's ship Bulwark having been paid off, on Saturday, at Chatham, was re-commissioned on Sunday morning, the 1st inst. by Captain Sir Mu.-ray Maxwell, K. C. B., and is to bear the flag of Ad miral Sir B. Hallowell, Commander-in-Chief of his .Majesty's ships and vessels in the Medway.-Kentish Gazette, Accounts have reached the Navy-office of the safe arrival of the following convict-ships at New South Wales, having on board 1,112 convicts, viz. -Maria, 156 Hebe, 160 Almtrrah, 160 Juliana, 160 Do rothy, 190 Prince of Orange, 136 and Caledonia, ISO of whom, it is gratifying to remark, only three died on the passage out, and one after being landed. On Wednesday afternoon the Redpole, 10, Captain Hay, sailed for the Mediterranean, in consequence of orders suddenly received on tiiat day. The Dispatch, 18, Captain Jervoise, is also to sail immediately for the same station. The present state of the contest carrying on between the Turks and Greeks in the Ar-out some internal evidence of their truth. It seems I chipelago, calls for an increase to our protective force probable, however, from these letters, that the horrible j i n that quarter, cruelties committed by the Turks on entering Bucha- We regret to find, that the Greek Ships of war, rest, when all the Greeks they could succeed in cap- j have, of late, become so indiscriminately bold as to turing were impaled alive, have awakened a spirit in provoke the chastisement of one of our Cruizers. Ac. the adjoining provinces of Bosnia and Servia, which I cording to letters received on Saturday from the may still find fhip, which caused her surrender, were received on Friday, at which date the embargo I and she has been sent into Zante. on foreign vessels laden with corn still continued. At the Annual General Meeting of Proprietors of tiie Sea Insurance Company of Scotland, held in their office here on Monday the 2d curt, the following gen tlemen were unanimously elected Directors for the en suing year. A dividend was at the same time declar ed payable on the 1st of August next EXTRAORDINARY DIRECTORS. James Bruce, Esq. Sec. to the Board of Excise. Duncan Stewart, Esq. of Glenbuckie. John Baird, Esq. of Camclon. Donald Macdonald, Esq. of Loch Inver. Wm. Watson, jun. Esq. Merchant, Oampbelton. Henry Jareiine, Esq. his Majesty's Remembrancer, Court of Exchequer. James Spittal, Esq. Merchant, Edinburgh. John Macftrlan, Esq. Merchant, Glasgow. Robert Smith, Esq. Merchant, Edinbuigh-II ugh Cowan, Esq. Merchant, Ayr. Richard Duncan, Esq. Banker, Glasgow. James Shearer, Esq. Surveyor. General Post Offict. •William Inglis, Esq. of Middleton. •Thomas Allan, Esq. Banker, Edinburgh. •William Wedderspoon, Esq. Perth. ORDINARY DIRECTORS. R. B. Blyth, -Merchant. Alexander Lawiie, Gazette Office. George Small, .Merchant. Robert Gordon, late of Jamaica. Alexander Stevenson, Albany Street. Andrew Pearson, Excise Office. George Mylne, Accountant. •John Sanderson, Hunter's Square. Josiah Maxton, Saddler. Alexander Henderson, Merchant. Adam Anderson, Merchant. Alexander Wight, Banker. •Colin Macnab, Great lung Street. •John Archd. Campbell, W. S., and •James Marr, Merchant, Leith. WILLIAM BRAIDW OOD, Jun. Manager. ROBERT GIIISON, Secretary. Those marked thus • are new Directors. Coronation ©inner at Clgin. S EVERAL Gentlemen, in Elgin and its Vicinity 9 propose to DINE together, on Thursday the 9th inst. to celebrate the CORONA TION of our Most Gracious Sovereign, and will be happy to be joined by their friends and neighbours. A Subscription Paper, for such Gentlemen as choose to put down their names, will be found at Mr. Isajvc Forsyth's Shop, until Monday the 1 Qth inst. at two o'clock, when a Meeting of the Subscribers is requested, at Maclachlan's Inn, to appoint Stewards, and otherwise arrange for the occasion. Elgin, July 9, 1821. DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE lionOim. induce turn to lect this spot, was t! at o?a Mr John ston, merchm t, Edinburgh, who was a friend of an ho nourable Baronet now present and the work proceeded cr. the authority of i ord Melville, tiie Lord Advocate, tail Mr Johnston, merchant, the friend of tiie honours-i. Baronet, contrary to the opinion of the Hoard of f-t-.mp . This he t Mr Hume contend,,1 was tn instance cf grass ij.phat of public ivc uu-y. To •! or Table 'll -.-.ty's Minister! gave Royal Master, and they certainly could not advise that her Majesty should share the august ceremony. It was only as matter of favour that her .Majesty could lie crown ed and tiiat favour they could not advise their Royal Master to confer. Mr Denman observed, it would have been very unbe coming in her Majesty's legal advisers to have put for ward her claim, until it was ascertained whether tiie co ronation would take place or not. The same appearances were seen a year agoi when it was not quite certain, whe ther they were for tiit coronation of the King, or the de gradation of his Royal Wife, He still complained of the delay which took place in answering the memorials of her Majesty. Courtesy, it all events, should have dictated a diff erent line of condui t, if the exalted station of a Queen of England could nut command attention. Hecoultl hope but rattle from the Council to whom her Majesty had ad dressed her Memorials. Mr Scarlett wish'd to know if her Majesty claimed to be heard by counsel, or hot ? There was only one in stance in wnich a Queen Was r.ot crowned. The wife ot Charles the First, was tot crowned, because she was a Catholic and in the thi ti state of the times it would i a c been dangerous tointvi.'.iuce a t'xpedi priest to perform tl.e c-.! ...r.t ft. tot. llie Treasury, however, purchased with prompt pay ment all that was offered. The armaments were pro ceeding with great activity, particularly in the arsenal, and new fortifications were erecting on the Bosphorus. From tiiis it would appear, that a visit from the Greek fleet is held by the Divan to be a possible contingency. Public meetings have been held in most of the large No fresh intelligence from the Morea had been rect iv-l towns of tiie kingdom, to consider of the best means ed at Constantinople. Information had arrived of the Q f celebrating the coronation and iamany places sub. proceedings at Smyrna, which led to an immediate or- I scriptions have been entered into, as it is intended to tier from tiie Turkish Government to the Pacha of Ccsa- J p u p 0 ,t as a g a y 0 f general festivity, rea to take the city underion of the respectfully but firmly, resolves itself into a question Jtoffi tl t London Sa rtte. Council Office, Whitehall, June 27, 1821. These are to give notice, that all such Peeresses or Widows of Peers of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as intend to seethe solemnity of his Majesty's Royal Coronation in Westminster-Hall, do forthwith send their names to the Right Ho nourable Lord Gwvdir, Deputy Great Chamberlain of England and such of them as desire to see it in the Abbey, do send their names to the Right Honourable Lord Henry Howard Molyneux-Howard, Deputy Earl Marshal of England, to the end that places may be provided for them. JAS. BULLICR. 'Hus Gazette also contains a notification from the Deputy Earl Marshal, that no tickets for the Coro nation will be issued to Peers, Privy Councillors, or others, who shall not have signified to him, on or be fore the 7th of July, their intention of attending at the said solemnity. Turkish power, has been, recommended by Jus.nuf Aga of the Janissaries, who is well known for his fi delity and prudence. This experienced man repre sented that this was the only means to attach the Jams saries and on the l£th of May, it was resolved to or ganize the Ottoman army cm the. European footing. of constitutional law, touching the prerogative of the crown In the Court of King's Bench, W. Floycr, Esq. convicted of certain publications against Sir Robert Peel, arising out of an election contest for the borough of Tam worth, was sentenced to imprisonment for three ... - , I - - ' .wi.im.lv aw 1 . w Another measure, which may be extremely im- mo , h in tiie King's Bench prison, a fine of ElOOO, portant in its consequences, but may lead to unplea- and w find surctics f or five , cars , l!mje f in £ 20 00, and two others in £1000 each. sant differences with the Maritime Powers, is, ' The summons sent to all the Piratical States of Barbary to join the Sultan's fleet, with all the ships which they can equip.' In the summons addressed to these States, every tiling is said that can inflame fanaticism and tempt cupidity. The English Ambassador has already declared that his Court cannot permit the ships of the Barbary States to come into the Ionian Sea and that all the ports of the Ionian Islands would be shut a-gainst them. f ' Tiie admission of representatives of the Janissa ries into the Divan, a circumstance unparalleled in the Turkish history, has excited an extraordinary sensation here. The consequences of it are incalculable FOREIGN INTELL1GENCE. .France, drrntanp, 5c. In the Chamber of Deputies, on Tuesday last, the proposition of the grant for the maintenance of tile Nava Forces, led to a brief discussion upon the prac tices of France in respect to tiie Slave Trade. Gene ral Foy inquired whether the ships destined to pre vent. tiie felonious and detestable traffic in slaves, had discharged tiie duty assigned them in an exemplary manner?-Europe, exclaimed tin General, says No! -M. 'Davotgtr do Heur.xmc replied. 1 The A quarrel took place at Chatham on Wednesday night between parties of the marines and of the 86th regiment, in which, before it was quelled, several persons were severely hurt, but we understand that no lives were lost. An attempt was made to renew the quarrel on Thursday night, but frustrated by the ener gy of the Officers of the Garrison. The Coroner's Inquest on the bodies of Mr. Do, naidson and Mr. Whitaker, who unfortunately lost their lives at Sunderland bridge, as mentioned in our last, brought in a verdict of Manslaughter, caused by furiously driving, against James Auld, tiie coachman, and made a nominal deodand upon the coach and SOLOMON'S LODGE OF FREE MASONS, FRASERBURGH. T HE R. W. Master and Office Bearers of SOLO MON'S LODGE, wishing to shew their Loyalty to His Majesty King George the Fourth, on the happy occasion of his Coronation, which is to take place on the 19th of July current, hereby invite all the Brethren of the Lodge to come forward, in their .Masonic Clothing, on the said 19th of July curt, by eleven o'clock in the forenoon, to meet tiie R. V. ar.d Office-bearers, in their Hall, to walk in Procession, and afterwards to Dine ar.d spend the Day in a social manner, as becomes Masons. WILLsi. M KAY, Clerk. NOTICE TO CREDITORS, And Sale of BUILDING AREAS IN REGENT STREET. II OSE having Claims against JOHN MAY, . -Mason in Aberdeen, are requested to lodge tiie same, with affidavits thereon, in the hands of Alex. Al lan, or James Nicol, Advocates, betwixt ar.d Friday first, in order that'a correct statement of Mr May's affairs may be made up. Those Creditors who shell have lodged their claims, with affidavits, by that time, will receive an interim dividend, on applying as above, on tiie 2Uth curt-And, There will lie sold, by public roup, within the New Inn of Aberdeen, on Friday the 3d day of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, that LOT of GROUND, mea suring 10U feet along tiie South side of Regent Street, and t feet, or thereby, along the Iioad leading from Castichill to the Quay, fronting tiie Canal Basin, and having tiie advantage of two f onts. From its central si tuation, and vicinity to tile harboure it is well worthy tiie attention of Builders, or those wishing to lay out their money to advantage. If not disposed of in one Lot, it will be afterwards exposed in separate lets. Also, one equal undivided Third Part or Share of tha WEAVERS' SHOP, in Regent Street, presently occu pied by Messrs. Leys, Masson, and Co. renting £27 yearly. The Articles of Roup arc in the hands cf the said Alex-Allan, and'Jamcs Nicol, t whom i .unding purchasers may apply for farther particulars. Aberdeen, July 10, 1IJ2F. NOTICE TO CREDITORS'AND DEBTORS. A LI. those who have Claims against the subjects of WILLIAM COCK, in Upper Crichie, are desir ed to lodge them, in the course of this month, properly vouched, with John Mitchell, in Mill of Fortrie, that the state of liis affairs may be known and those indebted to him are requested to pay in their accounts to the said J. M. within the foresaid time, to prevent cxpences. NOTICE TO CREDITORS AND DEBTORS. flic Lnglish Ambassador, Lord Strang ford, who I 10rses , Auld was immediately taken into custody, had his first audience of tiie Sultan on the 18th May, and commitlcd to j ai i, f, r trial at the next assizes, was received with extraordinary honours, and some Wc UI derstan d, that au increase in tiie Irish, as degrading parts of the ceremonial forms omitted. Gc- we as EngUah Peerage, will take place immedi-nerally, when the Ambassadors conic to the middle a tely. gale of tiie Seraglio Orta Capussi tl.ey are desired to population of Sheffield is at present 65,265 dismount, and invited to sit down on a bench, which bcing an ncrcase since 181 , 0 f 12,044. Theincrease is the usual scat of the Imperial executioners and hung- I between 1S01 and 1811 was 7 176. men here they are generally made to wait an hour be fore they are admitted into the second Court. Lord Strangford did not stop at all, hut passed the bench. The Sultan himself answered liis speech, which is usually done by the Grand Vizier. A private letter from Vienna, dated June 16th, €Dtnburgb. Tuk Coronation-At the meeting of tiie Town Council on . Wednesday, it was resolved that there states tiiat it began to be generally believed in tiiat ca- should lie an illumination throughout the city on the pital that the troubles in the Levant could only be evening of the 19th inst. in honour of his Majesty's appeased by tiie intervention of the neighbouring Coronation and also, that a grand entertainment Vvtvras. The ei,ib.trao laid be the Tnrklsli Govern i tliunid take place that day, in ce'cbrai'trn of t! LI, Persons having Claims of Debt against lie . late Miss ANN Yt HV'TE of Keith, are hereby required to lodge the same, properly vouched, in the hands of Mr V. Rainy, Schoolmaster of Drumbiade, before the 23d inst. and those indebted to Miss Whyte, will please pay what they owed her, to Mr Rainy, on or before the above-mentioned day. July 9, 1821. STRAYED, FROM SEATON, On Sunday Evening last, the HOUSE DOG. A Young I .arge BLACK DOG, of the Newfound land breed all black but a part of his fore feet, which are greyish or brown and a white part on this breast ears, and long bushy tail, uncut answers to the name of Bill, or Billy. Any one detaining him after this, will be prosecuted as the law directs and any one bringing him to Seaton House, or giving notice where he may be found, will o handsomely rewarded. He had a strong Leathtti Com in. f. ram Mm by, bt i ro lx.ro,'. whit rip
[OCR_aligned] 5nyrrtai iparliimrnt. HOUSE OF LORDS K'eitnesdav, June V . I, - o ,..i b -a Bi t who did r.ot know Thiir Lords! i .'s judgment in too So.in cause of Nas. , ut. i. Hare, was tor@revsising the uecriica of the court . low. The woo len stampio • hill was road a s ro d thee. The 1 otuii's of Linsdowne ur,4eutid a 'petition from i i individual named James Gurney, of the Kira's Coun@ ty t Belaud, praying the adoption of a plan lit laid in i' .t rt tot die more effectual amelioration of t'.ie poor@-Adjourned. Thursday, June S3. Tilt STRATllMO.lL fLEttACE. At h .li-ya t two o@Viock there was a comtnittre of pri@ vileges on t! e Strathmore IVerHg.n when -Mr Wethcrell was heard out for the I'.llrpctl son of the deceased Lar@i-Alter li is the Lord Chancellor pave it as his opinion. It,at the Karl of Strathmore being a Itn.ish Peer, in both hi@ peerages, the alleged son was illegitimate to all pur-j os a of succession. The noble und learned Lord was r iy-ji.tted in his opinion by Lord Redtsdule, who con@ tend, ti that the kingdoms of England and Scotland had become one at die period of the union, when the law of England Hi@nt be'Came t'.ie general law. The Eail@ of Shaftesbury as e'hairman then moved, 'That the right honourable Thomas Bowes had made out !iis claim to the title of Earl of Strathmore, but that tiie supposed sen of the deceased Earl had failed to make out lit claim which motion was agreed to by tnc house. The Scottish distillery drawback bill, the Scots malt bill, the Irish stock transfer bill, the white @liming fishery bill, and the charitable estates' bill, as amended, were severally read a third time, passed, and messages to that sifevt sent to the other house. @Vidov, June 29. Ti e 1 .ills of exchange bill, and the agricultural horse duty bill, were brought up from the Commons, and read@@ first time. The wool importation till, the land tax commissioners bill, tiie Irish jail fees bill, and others, were read a third time, and passed. After a good deal of discussion on tiie London wharfs bill, it was read a third time, and passed.-Adjourned till Monday. Monday, July 2@-The Royal Assent w as given by commission to the loan hill, the fir chequer bills bill, the Irish Treasury bill, t'ie Bank of Ireland, the wool importation, the Irish transfer of stock bill, the naval .stores bill, the Scotch e'istillcries and malt duties bill, tiie wool registry bill, the vagrant 1 tvs amendment bill, the county rates bill, the Justices of tiie Peace bill, the fur trade regulation bill, anl some private bills. Lord Da te withdrew the bankrupt laws amendment bill, ujo.i which the I,ord Chancellor intimated he should l irosrif bring in a bill upon this subject early in the next session of Parliament. PI.-DI.IC ECOKOOIY. The Earl of Darniey, pursuant to notice, rose to bring forward his motion on this subject. After some introduc@ tory remarks relatin'' to the advanced state cf the session. ai-.A Ids anxious uestre tu see economy adopted in alt the departments of the state, he entered into a long and de@ tailed statement of tiie different departments, and their respective olftces, wherein, he was persuaded, a great saving tu the country might he made. The Nolle Lord dweit for some time on tne distresses of agriculture, o@h se@wing that where the farmer, and tire agricultural in@ truest in general, were obliged to pay their rents out of their capital, without being able to realize any profit, dis@ tress was the natural consequence. He hoped some ef@ fectual remedy would be found to afford relief to the agri@ cultural inter, st of the country. He next adverted to tiie navy, and although he was desirous of attributing great praise to tiie Noble Lo@n at tiie hood of that department, for the active part he had taken@to effect economy, still @1 thought a further saving might be made. Tr.e Ncbl Iron! irien alluded to the army, the ordnance, the civil list, and to every head under which he thought a @@@@@@@tion of the present expendifttre might be made and, up. oa th@ whole, he thought a saving to tiie country might be lately effected to the amount of two millions. The Noble Lord concluded by moving an humble address to hi@ Maj-sty, praying that he would be graciously pleased to direct an inquiry to be made into the expenditure of the count-y, with a view to economy. Tiie Earl of Liverpool considered that r.o effectual r@c lief could be afforded to the agriculturists by leglslativ. -■..,1 l.J .t !h.V V, jab the public ot Eld,bW. that the ground near Regent'@ Bridge belonged tu the Baronet 'r He took .occasion to notice another instance of negligence on tiie par@ of gov-.minti.t, where the public interest was concerned. The revenue of Scotland, a-Ripunttog to £3,000.UOtt, had been transmitted to' this country tv certain bankers, at forty days. A friend o@ lfs had offered to transmit it at twenty, and to give Ex-@chequer fills in advance, or any security that might be required. This, however, had not been attended to, and tec others having coins down to thirty days, the Chancel@ lor of the Exchequer had left the business in their hands, and thus a loss was sustained by tiie country. He cor., eluded by moving a resolution, declaring, that it appear@ ed to the House that great irregularities had taken place in connection with the building of the new Stamp @.mice in Edinburgh, and paitituL@tly in the appointment of the surveyor by u contractor, and in carrying on the works contrary to tiie opinions given by the Board of Stamps and the Board of Works, and in the purchase of the ground adjoining the said bu@dding. Sii ,1. iWar oiibanks- explained the circumstances coll @@ated with the purchase of the ground on which the Stamp Otiicc hail keen built, and Ids offer of the same to government. The situation, he contended, was in vari@ ous respects more eligible than anv other that had been offered. The size of tiie new bui ding was at least one-@third larger tlanTjumbteck's hotel, and laid out express@ ly for the business. The cost of tl e Hotel would have been £' lt 0, and tie alterations which would be necessary must have occasioned an additions,! ei arge of £'1500, making a total of i'991'0. The new building cost AylUO. He com-@ilained of having been kept jr. town by this motion, when ic wished to accompany his femfiy to Scotland, and con@ cluded by lamenting tiie taste winch bed obtained in the present tunes for assiifing individual character. Lord A. Hamilton disclaimed nil intention of imputing to the honourable Baronet, or to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, any corrupt motives in what they had done. He, however, should vote for the motion, if his honoura@ ble friend pressed it to a division. The Chancellor of the Exchequer said, the question appeared to be, whether the Treasury ought, in tine exc. fM.minis VI- i ■ J itoi to be under-'11 stood iis giving any opinion ox tius subject. As a l'ri y I Councillor, he was bound to s-ervey but lie could ns-1 sure the Hon. Member, that any claim of her Majesty provisions. He thought that any speculative neesure o@Jy ternlsd to create the evil. Economy was the only mea-ure to adopt, and he was one of those who were de@ sirous of seeing it adopted, as far as the safety of tl.e country would admi@n His Majesty's Governmerit bad been desirous of reducing the expenditure of the country upon this principle. During the last yrar the estimates were £1,1109,000 le@w than tie year before, which was u proof of the intention of his Majesty's Government but tie reduction of offices, dec. required deliberation. Each of the heads which had been touched upon by the Noble Xjprd would require one whole night to go into their mi-@nutise u..d details. With regard to the navy, the Nolle Lord hail thought a specific number less than the number at present would be sufficient for the protection of tiie country-but the Nobie Lord did not seem to take into account that there was such a thing as wear and tear. No specific number of ships could remain stationary. If men did not die, ot ships rot in time of peace, there would be no necessity for recruiting or ship bu@dding but unhap@ pily this was not the case, and to keep up II sail of the line we were consequently put to all the expcnces of dock@ yards and ship-building. He Lord Liverpool would not enter, at present, into the other statements of propos@ ed retrenchment contained in the speech of tiie Noble Earl, but he must bring into view one tiling which the Noble Bari seemed to have forgotten in his@sweeping pro@ gress of economy, namely, that a great proportion of the expenditure of Lie army consisted in half pay and allow@ ances, which could not be reduced because guaranteed by the national faith. These fixed payments amounted to mors than the whole peace establishment of 1792, and would,, so long as they continued, prevent us from re@ ducing our military expenditure in the tame proportion ax we reduced tiie numerical force of the army. While lie -tated this fact, and called upon Noble Low's to mo@ derate their expectations, he was at the same time willing ciition of n work for which they were responsible, to sub- him, as they had become necessary by change of tnit tlcir own opinions to ihoso of a subordinate board.- stances, and tiie residence cf his Koval iiigbnes With readout to the choice he had made in the present in@ stance, of a spot for building the office in question, he shori'il not enter very largely into the subject, after tiie adcq uate explanation . iven by the honourable Baion@c behind him. He couli, however, stats' , that he had de@ cided as he had done with great pleasure, as he under@ stood that the plan he had approved of would be subser@ vient to the beauty of one of the tirst cities in the world. Relative to the transfer of money, he had to observe, that as the only difference between t!' e offer of the honourable gentleman opposite Mr Maberly and the Bar.k of Scot@ land was a period of live days in the date of Ida bills, he ha.1 thought it but fr.ir to @pvc the preference to the-latter, waieh had for so Ion# a period d. .2 the business with punctuality ar.d propriety. Mr Maberly explained the transaction alluded toby the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the honourable Baionet dir J. Marjori banks , in which he was involved. The Scotch remittances were cexierall v made at 60 and 40 days' date. He, however, had offeree! to government to do the same at 20 days' date. The Chancellor of the Exchequer then acceptedfthc oilir of the other parties at 35 days' date, thereby makirsr a loss to the public of 10 days' in@ terest upon three mi@nions of money. He had not asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer for any favour, but merely for fair competition. After a few words from Sir J. Marjoribanks, Sir O. Clerk, and Mr Hume, the motion v. B3 negatived with@ out a division. PUBLIC EXPENDITURE. Mr Hume brought forward l is promised motion rela@ tive to the expenditure of the country. The honourable member went into an elaborate detail of items in the va@ rious departments, pointing out various instances of ex@ travagance and mismanagement, and concluded by mov@ ing the following resolution That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, to the effect, that his Majes@ ty might be pleased to institute a minute inquiry i@mo the mode of collecting the revenue, and also into the salaries of officers, and that a vigilant superintendance might be held ever every branch of the public expenditure, with a view to effect o reduction in the same, particularly in the military establishments. The Marquis of Tavistock supported the motion, and denounced tnc Ministers as unworthy tbs confidence of the Ei. g or people . Mr Hunks, at considerable length, combated the argu@ ments of tl.e two preceding speakers, and moved as an uuicncmvnt that an address be presented to hi@ Majesty, assuring him that the House viewed with @Mtisftction the measures that hud beet taken by government for u gene@ ral revision of the expcnc.s incurred in collecting the cus@ tom duties, and reques@img his Majesty to give directions for ia similar revision ro he extended to nil the other branches of the revenue, in order that the collection of tie same might be more economical ar.d efficacious that his Majesty dc also irt@mated to cause an inquiry to be made into tiie various departments of the civil govern@ ment. The Marqui@wes of Londonderry and Titchfield oppos@ ed the motion, and Lord Milton ar.d Mr Crecvy support@ ed it r, when the house divided-For Mr Hume's motion, @W-Against it, 174. Thursday., June 28. A petition was presented from the brrwers of Dundee, praying the repeal of certain clauses in an act passed for the'iegulation of the sale of beer, and or.e to the same ef@ fect from Renfrew. Mr W ilberforce moved an address to his Majesty, pray@ ing him to provide some settlement for negroes tnat had would be duly considered. Mr Bernal, adverting to the question n6w before the House, declared his objection to granting the arrears to his Koval Highncns. ... Mr Martin supported the grant he considered the House pledged by its tormor vote. After soiiic observations from other Members, the Re@ port was agreed to, and the Bill ordered to be read a third time on Monday. Colonel Davies wished to know what was the estimated expcnces of the Coronation £1U0,090 had been trrart d, but to look r.t the preparations, he was convinced ,£500,000 was not sufficient to answer the purpose. The Chancellor of the Exchequer was persuad' d a small addition to the £100,000 already granted, would be sufficient. Mr Scr.rktt sa,ul, it was estimat?d that 150,000 specta@ tors would take seats to aoe the procession, at six guineas each. The proprietors of these stands were the only per-yor.s who would get any thing by the ceremony let them give up or.e guinea out of each seat, and the expence would be defrayed. On the Ovd r of the Day being read for receiving the Report on the Bill for auditing Eublic Accounts, Mr 51 aberly proposed a clause, which waa agreed to@by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, ar.d r.diV.d te the Bill. Mo7tday t J'Jy 2. Lord Londonderry moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Duke of Clarence's annuity bill. Mr B@uhcr was decidedly against the @rant of arrears o i this subject. He was cLsirous of placing the Duke of ' Clarence on the same footing with the rest of the Royal brothers, ar.d therefore he would not oppose the annuity necessary for'that purpose but the Member for Aber@ deen hau clearly, @m his opinion, shewn that £ 3000 was sufficient to do@tnis, and unless some one should shew the contrary, and that £'6000 was requisite for that pur@ pose, h? should oppose that grant. Mr Serjeant Onslow defended the claim of the Royal Duke to the arrears, which the House was pledged to give circum-Jiigbncss in this country. Mr Brougham said, his sentiments on this sub ject were well known, and it was unnecessary he should repeat them but he wished now to advert to the important sub@ ject which had been discussed on Saturday, namely, the delay of her Majesty's advisers in making a claim jor her coronation. It v rs the duty of her Majesty's advisers to wait till that ceremony was llxc-d. The proclamation was gazetted on the 12th Jude, and the 23d saw the memorial forwarded to his Majesty thus or.ly eleven days was ta@ ken lor consultation und preparing tiie memorial-no great delay-especially when it was cotsideved that holidays intervening shut up many sources o@ intelligence from him though he had to acknowledge the great courtesy he had experienced in the British Museum. Lon! Londonderry said, he had not charged her Ma@ jesty's legal advisers with delay, but only compared their tardiness in making their application to the celerity which they expected in tire answer to that application. As to the 21-t May being the fiist. time this subject was men@ tioned, he had given his opirion even last session on this subject. She was then told that rt rented with the Crown to call her or not to the ceremony@ and that his Majesty would not be advised to require her attendance. He should also add, that a memorial was this morning re@ ceived by the Secretary ot JState from her Majesty, desir@ ing to be heard by her Counsel. This was submitted im@ mediately to his Majesty, and he was now prepared to state that his Majesty had, as a matter of grace and fa@ vour, but not rs one of right, given orders that her Ma@ jesty should be so heard by her Counsel. He thought this would prove the disposition on the part of his Majes@ ty to extend to the Queen every possible indulgence. Mr Brougham said a few words in explanation. The bill was then pass-jd, and oiderea to the I ords. On the order of the day for receiving the report on the extra post bill, Mr 'alcraft opposed it as inconvenient, and likely to interfere with the present establishment.-He was follow@ ed by Sir J. Yorke, Mr F. Lewis, er.d others. The House then divided on the bill, when the numbers were-For receiving the report, . . 31 Agvinyl it, .@.@.@.@. ,3 The bill was lost by a majority of -8 Mr Scarlett then rose to call the attention of the House to the poor Law amendment bill. He wished not to ex@ cite delate. but merely to state his reasons lor not pres@ sing the bill at this advanced @@riod cf the session, and to ask leave to withdraw it for the present. lie hoped that the measure would be attended next@Ses@ sicn with a greeter degree of discussion. He would, at the same time, propose another Bill for the purpose cf re@ gulating and modifying the system with tne view parti@ cularly of specifying the moral claims for relief, which demanded attention, and of checking tire extravagance of management which was so generally felt. A waim dis-JUi PariLu.cn V.a sTJ, Yes. 4 OrurJ.d Fv , in continuation, observed, t It is precisely what has pas@ sed in the English Parliament that proves my doubts arc but too ti uc. We arc guilty of an infraction of the Treaty, and thus foreigners may justly interfere. Like you, Gentlemen, I am hostile to such interfe-@rence, and to the visiting of our ships, and these arc reasons which demand, on the part of France, a reli@ gious observance of the Treaty of Abolition but it is my intention to enter fully upon this subject, when the question of the Colonies shall be before the Assem@ bly. Messrs. Benjamin Constant and Manuel, appealing to whut had taken place in the British Parliament, quoted Sir George Collier's Report, and mentioned the cases which have been proved before Committees of both our Houses. The Ultras took part in favour of the trade, and one of the most furious, Mr I e Fuymaurim, hud the audacity to say, tl at these cases were lies, as atro@ cious as they were absurd. The Minister of Marine also took upon himself to assert, that one of the most important statements contained in .Sir George Collier's Report was false because, forsooth, it appeared im@ probable to lus Excellency. Were we to look for ad@ ditional precis of the extent to which the Slave Trade continues to be carried on by France, we would not dcsiie more convincing evidence than the temper displayed by the Chamber of Deputies on this occa@ sion. A Committee, appointed by the Chamber of Depu@ ties to examine and report on the state of the Press, have come to a resolution that the e msorship ought to be abolished. 'I'lie ministry were, in consequence, said to be struck with consternation. 1 Much sensation was excited in the Chamber on hearing this Report. The Deputies impatiently thronged to be registered for he discussion before the sitting was adjourned, forty-ouo were inscribed to speak in favour of its recommendation, and thirty-five to oppose it. The Court of Peers have decided upon the accusa@ tions relative to the transactions of the 19th August. They acquit La my, but find Nantil, Mazian, Bey, and f I.avocat, Guilty, under the 87th article of the Penal Code, to which verdict the penalty of Death is attached. a.c-ut on all vi ssels in the Black Sea, says the sutne letter, is extremely injurious, and Russia will be the first to see the necessity of having recourse to much more efficacious means than mere remonstrances to the Divan. The arrival of Greek families, who seek in our country a shelter from the calamities which a@tHict their own, still continues. They consist, unfortu@ nately, however, of little more than fugitives, desti@ tute of all means of existence. They are received with compassion, and their countrymen who have been long established amongst us, subscribe largely for their support. @pnfu ano Portugal. The advices from Spain are not of a nature t@ allay those apprehensions which the present condition of that country 13 calculated to excite. Indeed, the writers of some of the letters hold out the expectation of a po@ litical crisis, which it is impossible for the Govern@ ment, although supported by a large portion of the military, to avert. According to all the reports which have been re@ ceived respecting the state of the Peninsula, the whole of the Provinces, with the exception of Gallicia and Catalonia, appear to be very cold with regard to the new system. In the sitting of the Cortes on the 18th, a letter from General Quiroga was read, in which, after re@ turning thunks for the munificence of the Cortes in granting him a pension, he declares that he feels him@ self sufficiently rewarded by the approbation of his ser@ vices and that he shall want nothing as long as the Spaniards ere free. Several members, complimenting the disinterestedness of the General, thought his refu@ sal should not be accepted that regard should be had to his family, and some thought he had no right to re@ fuse, or to make himself greater than the Cortes, who had decreed this mark of national gratitude. The General's offer to renounce his pension was declared to be inadmissible. Colonial intelligence. Here is another dreadful effect of the insti- Letters and papers have readied London from Gib-Stations used by artful men, to work up others to raltar to ,he 20th ult. A great deal of bustle prcvail-critr.es, while they watcli the results, availing them- I ed there, in consequence of the activity and extent to selves of whatsoever succeenter into island and tiie Governor, we understand, had sent no-a sort of compromise with tiie Norwegian Diet, on tiie tice to this effect to the Spanish Government, contested question respecting the nobility. lie is wil-er of the 8th ult. augu.t ceremony. A Committee was appointed cu arrange this business and carry it into effect! The official returns of the population of this city have not yet been received but we have seen a state@ ment, which makes tiie numbers in Edinburgh and Leith amount to nearly 139,000, which is an increase since 1811 of 35,000. On Wednesday tiie Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council elected Dr. Andrew Duncan, jun. M. D. to fill tiie Materia Medica chair in tiie University of Edinburgh, vacant by tiie recent appointment of Dr. Janies Home to be Professor of the Practice of Physic. Tiiuisd.iy morning tiie last division of the 7th, or Ito al Fusiicers, marched from this city for EnglandL Tlte Edinburgh militia assembled on Tuesday at Dalkeith, for 21 days training and exercise. Tiie London, Leith, Edinburgh, and Glasgow Shipping Company's smack Fortli arrived at London on Tuesday last, after a passage of -18 hours from th@ Frith of Forth. The City of Edinburgh steam packet arrived at Blackwall on Saturday morning, having anchored tiie night before at tiie Nore. She performed her voyage in 55 hours and 43 minutes, exclusive of stoppages. Herring Fishery.-On Tuesday and Wednesday, there was caught by the fishermen at the port of Irvine, a considerable quantity of fresh herrings, of excellent quality, ana large size one boat brought in about 1800 on Wednesday morning. The whole sold to good advantage, being tiie first herrings taken tiler e tiiis season. There is a prospect of tiie fishing being good on tiie opposite coasts. On Saturday week the salmon fishers employed near Elclio Castle caught in their net a herring, wbieli mea@ sured two feet in length, and weighed four pounds English. A fire broke out on Thursday last, in a wriglrt'a shop in Paisley, during the exhibition of Mr@ Kent's aquatic performances on tiie liver Cart, and consumed all the property belonging to tilt inhabitants of throe ad@ joining houses. The property where the fire origina@t ed not having been insured, the owner was so much affected with ids loss, that he threw himself out of the window of tiie room where lie went to sleep, and was greatly injured. Mr Canrcit, banker in Glasgow, who died a few days ago, having no near relations, has left his fortune, with the exception of some legacies of no great a-@mount, to two distant relatives, Mr Buchannan of Drumpellicr, and Mr James Moore, surgeon in Lon@ don, brother of tiie late Sir John Moore. Mr Moore gets the Galloway and Ayrshire estates, reckoned worth £150,000 Mr Buchanan, who is residuary legatee, is supposed to have got a much larger portion, having tiie Lanarkshire estates and the personals. As an instance of tiie remarkable drougiit this sea@ son, Lochlomond lias fallen fully seven feet perpendi@ cularly from the water mark and persons pass and re@ pass between two of tiie islands on stepping stones which have @ton placed tiiere this week and of w hich there is no former vestige. cussion took place on the principle of this bill, which was ordered to stand over till next .Session and after routine husiness, the House adjourned. Tuesday, July 3. Mr Hobhouse presented a petition from an individual named Bcnkow, at present a prisoner on an indictment preferred against him by tiie Constitutional Association, and who remained in confinement in consequence of his not being able to obtain bail for good behaviour, although lie could get hail for appearance. Col. Davies then rose to present another petition from Capt. Romeo, complaining of the conduct of the Sicilian Government, and of the hardship iing to consent to the abolition of tiie order, upon con dition that an indemnity shall be granted to the suffer, ers, and that he shall have a right to ennoble hureaft. r any person who si lull render lignai services to the state. Naples, June 14. The strength if tiie Austrian army, which now oc@ cupies our turritcry, independently of the troops w hich form the garrisons of ail the fortresses throughout Naples and Sicily, is 25,000 men, who are all quar@ tered round this capital. Several brigades have taken positions at Puglia, Foggia, and Salerno, and in Ca@ labria. A strong division is cantoned in tiie Abbruz. zes. Paris, June 27. A person who was at Laybach, in intimacy with tiie Assembled Sovereigns, heard the Emperor Alex@ ander say, in an impatient and emphatic tone, which he rarely shews, in speaking of tiie Greek commo@ tions -' No! I positively will not meddle with them. What! Is it or.ly to depend upon tiie foolish enter, prize of a youth, to impose upon me the necessity of putting my fotces in motion ?' Letters from Vienna, of tiie 16th, communicate in-teliiger.ee from Bucharest of the 3d instant, with far@ ther details of @he state of tiie Greek insurrection in that quarter. From a country where no gazettes or official reports are published, all intelligence must be viewed with distrust, and no statements believed with-A let-from a merchant at Havannah says, tiie duties levied upon tiie inhabitants of this Island by tiie new tariff, have been extremely injurious, and I find that I have a fair prospect of having tiie duties I have paid returned to me. The tariff itself produc@ ed such ill consequences, that it was only acted upon for a few days. __ B r _ imprisonment, and been captured by cur ships cf war whilst being conveyed lasses which lie had suffered, rs the rewind of the servi-as slaves, and ettcrwanls apprenticed, but whose term had cex rendered by him to the British army previous to our now or was about to expire. Agreed to. evacuatiofi of that island. The prayer of the petition On the report of the committee of supply being brought I was, that liis case might be referred to a committee for up, a lengthened conveisation took place respecting the investigation. rant of £20,00! to Genera! Desfurneaux. This was, _ Loid Londonderry would not oppose this petition being nowvver, after much febate, cut down to £5000, on the suggestion of Lord Burning. The claim was for the use of hospitals at Uuadaloupe, in the year 1796. 2'riday, June 29. Lord A. Hamilton presented a petition from the brew@ ers of Ayr, in Scotland, against the bill requiring certi@ ficates for tiie sale of bier. The noble Lord, after a va@ riety of observations showing the om-rcssive nature of this clause in the act, moved for a bill to repeal a clause of the act 1.@2. Geo. IV. cap. 22, requiring accounts and to admit, that there existed peculiar circumstances in the 1 cettificates of the sale of beer. present state of the country, to itidui. us to reduce our expenditure as low as possible,-to make every exertion to economise. The Noble Earl concluded by proposing that alter tiie words an humble address he presented to his Majesty. tiie following amendment should be substituted for the Original motion@@@to assure his Ma@ jesty that we have regarded with satisfaction the measures taken by his Majesty's commands for a general revision or expenditure in the department of the custom@ of Great Britain, and to entreat that his Majesty would be gra@ ciously pleased to direct a similar investigation to b? ex@ tended to ail the other brandies of the revenue, in order to render its collection rr.or@ economical and its manage@ ment more efficient. And that, for giving further relief to tbs country, his Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct u more minute inquiry into the several depart@ ments of the civ@@ government, as well for the purpose of reducing tiie number employed, as with reference to the increased salaries granted during the late war, and since the year 1797, in consideration or additional lalour thrown upon individuals, and tiie change in the value of money. .And further, that his Majesty would be graciously @leas@ ed to direc@ that every personal sivin j consistent with the public interest abt.il be effected in those more extended department@ of the public service which the country is o' lig-xl to maintain, and more especially in the military expenditure, by a reduction in the numbeis of @he army, raid by a constant and vigilant supervision of all the de@ jartments of tiie State. When the question of die amendment was put from the woolsack. Earl Jrosvcnor gave the preference to the motion of his Noble Friend Lord Daruley , and insisted upon the practicability of tire economical reductions which he had recommended, and th . necessity of enforcing them under the existing distress of the country. After a tew words from L rd Melville, Earl Carnarvon, and Lord. Calthorpe, the amendment of Lord Liverpool was agreed @m without a division. Tuesday, July 3. Ti e Duka of Clarence's provision bill was brought from ♦be Commons, also the Audit of Exchequer account bill, the aazrssed taxes composition bill, ana the metropolis palace bill. Wednesday, July 4@ Several petitions were presented @m favour of the bill for preventing cruelty to animals. Mr Broydan brought up from the Common@ the appro, rriat'on bill, the Custom-house officers relief bill, the lotteries hill, tiie Exchequer bills public works bill, and several other bills, which were read a second time. The ' husbandry horses repeal bill was read a second time. The I ulte of Clarence's further provision bt.'l was read a se@ cond time, and after some routine business, the House adjourned. HOUSE OF COMMONS. Wednesday, June 27@-EDINBURGH @TAMP OFFrCE. Mr Hume rose to bring under the consideration of the House the establishment of tiie Stamp Office at Edin@ burgh. 11 having been considered necessary that a@new Stamp Office should be provided for this di partment ot tl.e revenue at Edinburgh, a person was deputed to that capital to inquire for a proper building, and this gentle@ man, in tiie course of his inquiries, discovered a house which he considered as well suited for the purpos'-a building well known, under the title of Pu@mbrcck's Ho@ tel, which was to be purchased for £@@T1W He commu@ nicated tl-is fact to Government but private influence prevailed against his recommendation, and in consequence of some i t ier recommendation. Government was induced After some conversation, tiie Chancellor of the Exche@ quer intimated there would be no occasion for the motion, it was therefore negatived without a division. On the resolution for Cl 535, is. for the payment of the officers of the Alien Office, Mr Hobhouse and Sir R. Wilson opposed it, on the principle of the oppressive na@ ture of tiie ulien act they declared it to be lepu.vrisnt to the feeling@ of every honourable man in the country. Af@ ter a lengthened conversation between Mr Hobhouse, Lord Londonderry, Mr.@Clive, Mr Bennett, and ixmi Milton, tiie resolution was curried by a majority of 17. Dl'KE Or CLARENCE. On the Chancellor of tiie Exchequer moving for going into a Committee on the grant to the Duke of Clarence, Mr Creevy ro e to protect against the whole of this bill, which he declared to be ill-timed in its application, and unconstitutional in principle. The honourable member declared that tiie people had fce'n insulted, by the con@ duct he pursued towards an Illustrious I'ersonage. Alter such conduct tiie Royal Duke came but with, an ill grace to solicit money from the people. Mr O. ilankia supported the grant. Mr Harbord considered the Cjueen as much entitled to her arrears as tile Duke of Clarence. Upou tiie same prin@ ciple, £105,000 w ere due to her. Lord Londonderry considered all th se observations to have the e@dict which they were intended to have name@ ly, to create discontent out of doors. A conversation then took place between Mr Palmer, Mr C. Bathurst, Mr W. Smith, and other honourable members, when tiie committee divided.-.Ayes, 54-Noes, 24-Majority for the whole grant, 30. The house went into a Committee on the extra pest kill, which was ordered to be receiycd by a majority of 3. Suturilay, June S3. The following Bills wore read a third time and passed -The Hops Drawback Bill, the Isle of Sian Bill, the Public Service Bill, and the Irish Silk Bounties Bill. DUKE OF CLARENCE.-CORONATION OF THE QUEEN. On the Report of the Duke of Clarence's Annuity Bill being brought up. Sir R. Fergusqn said, he should give his decided ne@ gative to the grant for the arrears, and at the name time wished to ask if her Majesty was to be crowned ? The Marquis of Londonderry sard, an application had been made by her Majtsty some days ago but that the Law Officers, to whom it was referred, had not yet given their answer. As far as he was aware, there was no in@ tention tiiat her Majesty should participate in tiiat cere@ mony. •Mr Denman thought it extraordinary that no positive answer was given to tiie application of her Majesty, and that it should have remained unanswered from Monday till Saturday. Full time ought to be given to her Ma-@@@@@I to assert her claims before the Council, @he Alarquis of Londonderry was surprised her Mu-brought up. He must, observe, however, that after r.a~ turc consideration, this did not appeal to be a case in which the Government of this country could properly interfere. Lord l'. Ber.tinck could not say that Capt@ Romeo had any direct claim by services rendered the British army in Sicily. If he was net pah! sufficiently, he should have applied at the time to the governing au@ thorities in Sicily. After a few words from Mr Gouikure, Lord A. Ha@ milton, and Col. Davies, in reply, tiie petition w as or@ dered to lio on the table. Mr Wilberforcc presented a petition from a Colonel Wood, stating that in 179-1, he had raised a regiment of volunteers, with the expectation of promotion, but had failed of obtaining tiiat object, whilst tiie expence to which he had been put had ruined his fortune-praying tim house to afiord him relief, as Government had refused to take his case into consideration. Lord l'almcrston said, so far from Col. Wood having any reason to complain, he was considerably in debt to the public, and the fault of Government, if any, was that they had been too iudulgi lit. Ordered to lie on tile tabic. Mr Whitbread then brought forward his motion against the Constitutional Association, which he described ns a Bridge-street plot, set on foot by Attotnies, tor their own benefit. He concluded by moving, tiiat the Attorney-@General be directed to enter a nolle prosequi on ail its pro@ secutions. Mr Bathurst defended the legnlitv of tiie Association, and believed tire Attorney-General had no right to inter@ fere. Dr Lushington supported the motion, and spoke against not only this society, but that for the suppression of vice. .Mr Wilberforcc defended the latter, and deprecated the-extreme licentiousness of tiie press, ns exemplified by Gar@ble and others. Mr Denman condemned the society as unconstitutional. The Attorney and Solicitor Generals defended its le@ gality. Mr Brougham and Mr Scarlett maintained that it was unconstitutional, and therefore illegal. The latter ad@ mitted that he might alter liis sentiments, after hearing arguments on the subject 'Mr Whitbread declined pressing tiie motion to'a divi@ sion, ar.d it was negatived. The Lottery Bill was passed, after some opposition from Dr Lushington and Mr Bennett. The appropriation hill was passed, after a conversation on the proceedings of the session and then tiie House adjourned to Tuesday next. iHartttme Sintrlltgrnte. His Majesty's ship Bulwark having been paid off, on Saturday, at Chatham, was re-commissioned on Sunday morning, the 1st inst. by Captain Sir Mu.-@ray Maxwell, K. C. B., and is to bear the flag of Ad@ miral Sir B. Hallowell, Commander-in-Chief of his .Majesty's ships and vessels in the Medway.-Kentish Gazette, Accounts have reached the Navy-office of the safe arrival of the following convict-ships at New South Wales, having on board 1,112 convicts, viz. -Maria, 156 Hebe, 160 Almtrrah, 160 Juliana, 160 Do@ rothy, 190 Prince of Orange, 136 and Caledonia, ISO of whom, it is gratifying to remark, only three died on the passage out, and one after being landed. On Wednesday afternoon the Redpole, 10, Captain Hay, sailed for the Mediterranean, in consequence of orders suddenly received on tiiat day. The Dispatch, 18, Captain Jervoise, is also to sail immediately for the same station. The present state of the contest carrying on between the Turks and Greeks in the Ar-out some internal evidence of their truth. It seems I chipelago, calls for an increase to our protective force probable, however, from these letters, that the horrible j i n that quarter, cruelties committed by the Turks on entering Bucha- We regret to find, that the Greek@ Ships of war, rest, when all the Greeks they could succeed in cap- j have, of late, become so indiscriminately bold as to turing were impaled alive, have awakened a spirit in provoke the chastisement of one of our Cruizers. Ac. the adjoining provinces of Bosnia and Servia, which I cording to letters received on Saturday from the may still find fhip, which caused her surrender, were received on Friday, at which date the embargo I and she has been sent into Zante. on foreign vessels laden with corn still continued. At the Annual General Meeting of Proprietors of tiie Sea Insurance Company of Scotland, held in their office here on Monday the 2d curt, the following gen@ tlemen were unanimously elected Directors for the en@ suing year. A dividend was at the same time declar@ ed payable on the 1st of August next @EXTRAORDINARY DIRECTORS. James Bruce, Esq. Sec. to the Board of Excise. Duncan Stewart, Esq. of Glenbuckie. John Baird, Esq. of Camclon. Donald Macdonald, Esq. of Loch Inver. Wm. Watson, jun. Esq. Merchant, Oampbelton. Henry Jareiine, Esq. his Majesty's Remembrancer, Court of Exchequer. James Spittal, Esq. Merchant, Edinburgh. John Macftrlan, Esq. Merchant, Glasgow. Robert Smith, Esq. Merchant, Edinbuigh-II ugh Cowan, Esq. Merchant, Ayr. Richard Duncan, Esq. Banker, Glasgow. James Shearer, Esq. Surveyor. General Post Offict. •William Inglis, Esq. of Middleton. •Thomas Allan, Esq. Banker, Edinburgh. •William Wedderspoon, Esq. Perth. ORDINARY DIRECTORS. R. B. Blyth, -Merchant. Alexander Lawiie, Gazette Office. George Small, .Merchant. Robert Gordon, late of Jamaica. Alexander Stevenson, Albany Street. Andrew Pearson, Excise Office. George Mylne, Accountant. •John Sanderson, Hunter's Square. Josiah Maxton, Saddler. Alexander Henderson, Merchant. Adam Anderson, Merchant. Alexander Wight, Banker. •Colin Macnab, Great lung Street. •John Archd. Campbell, W. S., and •James Marr, Merchant, Leith. WILLIAM BRAIDW OOD, Jun. Manager. ROBERT GIIISON, Secretary. Those marked thus • are new Directors. Coronation ©inner at Clgin. S EVERAL Gentlemen, in Elgin and its Vicinity 9 propose to DINE together, on Thursday the @9th inst. to celebrate the CORONA TION of our Most Gracious Sovereign, and will be happy to be join@ed by their friends and neighbours. A Subscription Paper, for such Gentlemen as choose to put down their names, will be found at Mr. Isajvc Forsyth's Shop, until Monday the 1 Qth inst. at two o'clock, when a Meeting of the Subscribers is requested, at Maclachlan's Inn, to appoint Stewards, and otherwise arrange for the occasion. Elgin, July 9, 1821. DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE lionOim. induce turn to lect this spot, was t! at o@?a Mr John@ ston, merchm t, Edinburgh, who was a friend of an ho@ nourable Baronet now present and the work proceeded cr. the authority of i ord Melville, tiie Lord Advocate, tail Mr Johnston, merchant, the friend of tiie honours-@@i. Baronet, contrary to the opinion of the Hoard of f-t-.mp . This he t Mr Hume contend,,1 was tn instance cf grass ij.phat of public ivc uu-y. To •! or Table 'll -.-.ty's Minister! gave Royal Master, and they certainly could not advise that her Majesty should share the august ceremony. It was only as matter of favour that her .Majesty could lie crown@ ed and tiiat favour they could not advise their Royal Master to confer. Mr Denman observed, it would have been very unbe@ coming in her Majesty's legal advisers to have put for@ ward her claim, until it was ascertained whether tiie co@ ronation would take place or not. The same appearances were seen a year agoi when it was not quite certain, whe@ ther they were for tiit coronation of the King, or the de@ gradation of his Royal Wife, He still complained of the delay which took place in answering the memorials of her Majesty. Courtesy, it all events, should have dictated a diff erent line of condui t, if the exalted station of a Queen of England could nut command attention. He@coultl hope but rattle from the Council to whom her Majesty had ad@ dressed her Memorials. Mr Scarlett wish'd to know if her Majesty claimed to be heard by counsel, or hot ? There was only one in@ stance in wnich a Queen Was r.ot crowned. The wife ot Charles the First, was tot crowned, because she was a Catholic and in the thi ti state of the times it would i a c been dangerous tointvi.'.iuce a t'xpedi priest to perform tl.e c-.! ...r.t ft. tot. llie Treasury, however, purchased with prompt pay@ ment all that was offered. The armaments were pro@ ceeding with great activity, particularly in the arsenal, and new fortifications were erecting on the Bosphorus. From tiiis it would appear, that a visit from the Greek fleet is held by the Divan to be a possible contingency. Public meetings have been held in most of the large No fresh intelligence from the Morea had been rect iv-l towns of tiie kingdom, to consider of the best means ed at Constantinople. Information had arrived of the Q f celebrating the coronation and iamany places sub. proceedings at Smyrna, which led to an immediate or- I scriptions have been entered into, as it is intended to tier from tiie Turkish Government to the Pacha of Ccsa- J p u p 0 ,t as a g a y 0 f general festivity, rea to take the city underion of the respectfully but firmly, resolves itself into a question Jtoffi tl t London Sa rtte. Council Office, Whitehall, June 27, 1821. These are to give notice, that all such Peeresses or Widows of Peers of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as intend to see@the solemnity of his Majesty's Royal Coronation in Westminster-@Hall, do forthwith send their names to the Right Ho@ nourable Lord Gwvdir, Deputy Great Chamberlain of England and such of them as desire to see it in the Abbey, do send their names to the Right Honourable Lord Henry Howard Molyneux-Howard, Deputy Earl Marshal of England, to the end that places may be provided for them. JAS. BULLICR. 'Hus Gazette also contains a notification from the Deputy Earl Marshal, that no tickets for the Coro@ nation will be issued to Peers, Privy Councillors, or others, who shall not have signified to him, on or be@ fore the 7th of July, their intention of attending at the said solemnity. Turkish power, has been, recommended by Jus.nuf Aga of the Janissaries, who is well known for his fi@ delity and prudence. This experienced man repre@ sented that this was the only means to attach the Ja@ms@ saries and on the l£th of May, it was resolved to or@ ganize the Ottoman army cm the. European footing. of constitutional law, touching the prerogative of the crown@ In the Court of King's Bench, W. Floycr, Esq. convicted of certain publications against Sir Robert Peel, arising out of an election contest for the borough of Tam worth, was sentenced to imprisonment for three ... - , I - - ' .wi.im.lv aw 1 . w Another measure, which may be extremely im- mo , h in tiie King's Bench prison, a fine of ElOOO, portant in its consequences, but may lead to unplea- and w find surctics f or five , cars , l!mje f in £ 20 00, and two others in £1000 each. sant differences with the Maritime Powers, is, ' The summons sent to all the Piratical States of Barbary to join the Sultan's fleet, with all the ships which they can equip.' In the summons addressed to these States, every tiling is said that can inflame fanaticism and tempt cupidity. The English Ambassador has already declared that his Court cannot permit the ships of the Barbary States to come into the Ionian Sea and that all the ports of the Ionian Islands would be shut a-@gainst them. f ' Tiie admission of representatives of the Janissa@ ries into the Divan, a circumstance unparalleled in the Turkish history, has excited an extraordinary sensation here. The consequences of it are incalculable FOREIGN INTELL1GENCE. .France, drrntanp, 5c. In the Chamber of Deputies, on Tuesday last, the proposition of the grant for the maintenance of tile Nava@ Forces, led to a brief discussion upon the prac@ tices of France in respect to tiie Slave Trade. Gene@ ral Foy inquired whether the ships destined to pre@ vent. tiie felonious and detestable traffic in slaves, had discharged tiie duty assigned them in an exemplary manner?-Europe, exclaimed tin General, says No! -M. 'Davotgtr do Heur.xmc replied. 1 The A quarrel took place at Chatham on Wednesday night between parties of the marines and of the 86th regiment, in which, before it was quelled, several persons were severely hurt, but we understand that no lives were lost. An attempt was made to renew the quarrel on Thursday night, but frustrated by the ener@ gy of the Officers of the Garrison. The Coroner's Inquest on the bodies of Mr. Do, naidson and Mr. Whitaker, who unfortunately lost their lives at Sunderland bridge, as mentioned in our last, brought in a verdict of Man@slaughter, caused by furiously driving, against James Auld, tiie coachman, and made a nominal deodand upon the coach and SOLOMON'S LODGE OF FREE MASONS, FRASERBURGH. T HE R. W. Master and Office Bearers of SOLO@ MON'S LODGE, wishing to shew their Loyalty to His Majesty King George the Fourth, on the happy occasion of his Coronation, which is to take place on the 19th of July current, hereby invite all the Brethren of the Lodge to come forward, in their .Masonic Clothing, on the said 19th of July curt, by eleven o'clock in the forenoon, to meet tiie R. V. ar.d Office-bearers, in their Hall, to walk in Procession, and afterwards to Dine ar.d spend the Day in a social manner, as becomes Masons. WILLsi. M KAY, Clerk. NOTICE TO CREDITORS, And Sale of BUILDING AREAS IN REGENT STREET. II OSE having Claims against JOHN MAY, . -Mason in Aberdeen, are requested to lodge tiie same, with affidavits thereon, in the hands of Alex. Al@ lan, or James Nicol, Advocates, betwixt ar.d Friday first, in order that'a correct statement of Mr May's affairs may be made up. Those Creditors who shell have lodged their claims, with affidavits, by that time, will receive an interim dividend, on applying as above, on tiie 2Uth curt@-And, There will lie sold, by public roup, within the New Inn of Aberdeen, on Friday the 3d day of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, that LOT of GROUND, mea@ suring 10U feet along tiie South side of Regent Street, and @t feet, or thereby, along the Iioad leading from Castichill to the Quay, fronting tiie Canal Basin, and having tiie advantage of two f onts. From its central si@ tuation, and vicinity to tile harboure it is well worthy tiie attention of Builders, or those wishing to lay out their money to advantage. If not disposed of in one Lot, it will be afterwards exposed in separate lets. Also, one equal undivided Third Part or Share of tha WEAVERS' SHOP, in Regent Street, presently occu@ pied by Messrs. Leys, Masson, and Co. renting £27 yearly. The Articles of Roup arc in the hands cf the said Alex@-Allan, and'Jamcs Nicol, t@ whom i .unding purchasers may apply for farther particulars. Aberdeen, July 10, 1IJ2F. NOTICE TO CREDITORS'AND DEBTORS. A LI. those who have Claims against the subjects of WILLIAM COCK, in Upper Crichie, are desir@ ed to lodge them, in the course of this month, properly vouched, with John Mitchell, in Mill of Fortrie, that the state of liis affairs may be known and those indebted to him are requested to pay in their accounts to the said J. M. within the foresaid time, to prevent cxpences. NOTICE TO CREDITORS AND DEBTORS. flic Lnglish Ambassador, Lord Strang ford, who I 10rses , Auld was immediately taken into custody, had his first audience of tiie Sultan on the 18th May, and commitlcd to j ai i, f, r trial at the next assizes, was received with extraordinary honours, and some Wc UI derstan d, that au increase in tiie Irish, as degrading parts of the ceremonial forms omitted. Gc- we as EngUah Peerage, will take place immedi-nerally, when the Ambassadors conic to the middle a tely. gale of tiie Seraglio Orta Capussi tl.ey are desired to population of Sheffield is at present 65,265 dismount, and invited to sit down on a bench, which bcing an ncrcase since 181 , 0 f 12,044. Theincrease is the usual scat of the Imperial executioners and hung- I between 1S01 and 1811 was 7 176. men here they are generally made to wait an hour be@ fore they are admitted into the second Court. Lord Strangford did not stop at all, hut passed the bench. The Sultan himself answered liis speech, which is usually done by the Grand Vizier. A private letter from Vienna, dated June 16th, €Dtnburgb. Tuk Coronation-At the meeting of tiie Town Council on . Wednesday, it was resolved that there states tiiat it began to be generally believed in tiiat ca- should lie an illumination throughout the city on the pital that the troubles in the Levant could only be evening of the 19th inst. in honour of his Majesty's appeased by tiie intervention of the neighbouring Coronation and also, that a grand entertainment Vvtvras. The ei,ib.trao laid be the Tnrklsli Govern i tliunid take place that day, in ce'cbrai'trn of t! LI, Persons having Claims of Debt against lie . late Miss ANN Yt HV'TE of Keith, are hereby required to lodge the same, properly vouched, in the hands of Mr V. Rainy, Schoolmaster of Drumbiade, before the 23d inst. and those indebted to Miss Whyte, will please pay what they owed her, to Mr Rainy, on or before the above-mentioned day. July 9, 1821. STRAYED, FROM SEATON, On Sunday Evening last, the HOUSE DOG. A Young I .arge BLACK DOG, of the Newfound@ land breed all black but a part of his fore feet, which are greyish or brown and a white part on this breast ears, and long bushy tail, uncut answers to the name of Bill, or Billy. Any one detaining him after this, will be prosecuted as the law directs and any one bringing him to Seaton House, or giving notice where he may be found, will @o handsomely rewarded. He had a strong Leathtti Com in. f. ram Mm by, bt i ro lx.ro,'. whit rip
[ GS_aligned] ##################################################################################################################### judgment in the Scots cause of Nas- ##### v. ﬂare, was for reversing the decision of the court ###### The woollen stampi@ng bill was read a second ##### The Marqui@@s of Lansdowne presented a @petition from i@n individual named James Gurney, of the King's Coun- ly, Ireland, praying the adoption of a plan @he ######################## more effectual amelioration of t@@he poor.-Adjourned. Thursday, June 28. T@HE ###################### ## h@alf-past two o'clock there was a com@mittee of pri- vileges on t@he Strathmore Peerage, when @Mr Wetherell was heard out for the @@all@eged son of the deceased Earl.-After @this the Lord Chancellor gave it as his opinion, @that the Earl of Strathmore being a British Peer, in both his peerages, the alleged son was illegitimate to all pur- poses of succession. The noble and learned Lord ################ in his opinion by Lord Redesdale, who con- tend@@ed that the kingdoms of England and Scotland had become one at the period of the union, when the law of England first be@came t@@he general law. The Earls of Shaftesbury as @chairman then moved, @That the right honourable Thomas Bowes had made out @his claim to the title of Earl of Strathmore, but that t@he supposed son of the deceased Earl had failed to make out his claim which motion was agreed to by the house. The Scottish distillery drawback bill, the Scots malt bill, the Irish stock transfer bill, the white herring fishery bill, and the charitable estates' bill, as amended, were severally read a third time, passed, and messages to that effect sent to the other house. Friday, June 29. T@he@@ bills of exchange bill, and the agricultural horse duty bill, were brought up from the Commons, and read n first time. The wool importation bill, the land tax commissioners bill, t@he Irish jail fees bill, and others, were read a third time, and passed. After a good deal of discussion on t@he London wharfs bill, it was read a third time, and passed.-Adjourned till Monday. Monday, July 2. The Royal Assent w@as given by commission to the loan bill, the @@Exchequer bills bill, the Irish Treasury bill, t@he Bank of Ireland, the wool importation, the Irish transfer of stock bill, the naval @stores bill, the Scotch @distilleries and malt duties bill, t@he wool registry bill, the vagrant @laws amendment bill, the county rates bill, the Justices of t@he Peace bill, the far trade regulation bill, and some private bills. Lord ##### withdrew the bankrupt laws amendment bill, upo@n which the @Lord Chancellor intimated he should @hi@mself bring in a bill upon this subject early in the next session of Parliament. ################### The Earl of Darnley, pursuant to notice, rose to bring forward his motion on this subject. After some introduc- tory remarks relatin@g to the advanced state of the session, a@@nd his anxious desire to see economy adopted in all the departments of the state, he entered into a long and de- tailed statement of t@he different departments, and their respective offices, wherein, he was persuaded, a great saving to the country might be made. The Noble Lord dwelt for some time on the distresses of agriculture, ob- serving that where the farmer, and t@he agricultural in- terest in general, were obliged to pay their rents out of their capital, without being able to realize any profit, dis- tress was the natural consequence. He hoped some ef- fectual remedy would be found to afford relief to the agri- cultural inter@est of the country. He next adverted to t@he navy, and although he was desirous of attributing great praise to t@he Noble Lord at t@he head of that department, for the active part he had taken to effect economy, still he thought a further saving might be made. T@he ################ alluded to the army, the ordnance, the civil list, and to every head under which he thought a reduc- tion of the present expendi@ture might be made and, up- on the whole, he thought a saving to t@he country might be safely effected to the amount of two millions. The Noble Lord concluded by moving an humble address to his Majesty, praying that he would be graciously pleased to direct an inquiry to be made into the expenditure of the country, with a view to economy. T@he Earl of Liverpool considered that @no effectual re- lief could be afforded to the agriculturists by ################################################################ the ground near Regent's Bridge belonged to the Baronet @@@He took @occasion to notice another instance of negligence on t@he part of gov@@ernment, where the public interest was concerned. The revenue of Scotland, a- mounting to £3,000@,000, had been transmitted to@ this country by certain bankers, at forty days. A friend of his had offered to transmit it at twenty, and to give Ex- chequer bills in advance, or any security that might be required. This, however, had not been attended to, and the others having co@me down to thirty days, the Chancel- lor of the Exchequer had left the business in their hands, and thus a loss was sustained by t@he country. He co@n- cluded by moving a resolution, declaring, that it appear- ed to the House that great irregularities had taken place in connection with the building of the new Stamp Office in Edinburgh, and particularly in the appointment of the surveyor by a contractor, and in carrying on the works contrary to t@he opinions given by the Board of Stamps and the Board of Works, and in the purchase of the ground adjoining the said building. Sir @J. @Marjoribanks@ explained the circumstances con- nected with the purchase of the ground on which the Stamp Office ha@d been built, and his offer of the same to government. The situation, he contended, was in vari- ous respects more eligible than any other that had been offered. The size of t@he new building was at least one- third larger than Dumbreck's hotel, and laid out express- ly for the business. The cost of t@he Hotel would have been £@@8400, and the alterations which would be necessary must have occasioned an addition@al @charge of £@1500, making a total of @£99@00. The new building cost £9100. He com- plained of having been kept @in town by this motion, when he wished to accompany his family to Scotland, and con- cluded by lamenting t@he taste which bad obtained in the present times for assailing individual character. Lord A. Hamilton disclaimed all intention of imputing to the honourable Baronet, or to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, any corrupt motives in what they had done. He, however, should vote for the motion, if his honoura- ble friend pressed it to a division. The Chancellor of the Exchequer said, the question appeared to be, whether the Treasury ought, in t@he ################################################## @as giving any opinion on this subject. As a @Privy @@Councillor, he was bound to secrecy but @he could as-@ sure the Hon. Member, that any claim of her Majesty ########################################### measure only te@nded to create the evil. Economy was the only measure to adopt, and he was one of those who were de- sirous of seeing it adopted, as far as the safety of t@he country would admit. His Majesty's Governme@nt had been desirous of reducing the expenditure of the country upon this principle. During the last year the estimates were £1,@800,000 less than the year before, which was a proof of the intention of his Majesty's Government but the reduction of offices, @@c. required deliberation. Each of the heads which had been touched upon by the Noble @Lord would require one whole night to go into their mi- nutiae @and details. With regard to the navy, the Noble Lord ha@d thought a ######## number less than the number at present would be sufficient for the protection of t@he country-but the Noble Lord did not seem to take into account that there was such a thing as wear and tear. No specific number of ships could remain stationary. If men did not die, or ships rot in time of peace, there would be no necessity for recruiting or ship building but unhap- pily this was not the case, and to keep up 84 sail of the line we were consequently put to all the expences of dock- yards and ship-building. He Lord Liverpool would not enter, at present, into the other statements of propos- ed retrenchment contained in the speech of t@he Noble Earl, but he must bring into view one t@hing which the Noble Earl seemed to have forgotten in his sweeping pro- gress of economy, namely, that a great proportion of the expenditure of the army consisted in half pay and allow- ances, which could not be reduced because guaranteed by the national faith. These fixed payments amounted to more than the whole peace establishment of 1792, and would,, so long as they continued, prevent us from re- ducing our military expenditure in the same proportion as we reduced t@he numerical force of the army. While @he stated this fact, and called upon Noble Lords to mo- derate their expectations, he was at the same time willing ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## to the choice he had made in the present in- stance, of a spot for building the office in question, he sho@@uld not enter very largely into the subject, after t@he adeq@uate explanation @given by the honourable Baronet behind him. He could, however, stat@@e, that he had de- cided as he had done with great pleasure, as he under- stood that the plan he had approved of would be subser- vient to the beauty of one of the first cities in the world. Relative to the transfer of money, he had to observe, that as the only difference between t@@he offer of the honourable gentleman opposite Mr Maberly and the Ba@nk of Scot- land was a period of five days in the date of his bills, he ha@d thought it but f@air to give the preference to the latter, which had for so long a period ##### the business with punctuality a@nd propriety. Mr Maberly explained the transaction alluded toby the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the honourable Baronet Sir J. Marjori@banks , in which he was involved. The Scotch remittances were ge@nerall@y made at 60 and 40 days' date. He, however, had offer@ed to government to do the same at 20 days' date. The Chancellor of the Exchequer then accepted the offer of the other parties at 35 days' date, thereby maki@ng a loss to the public of 15 days' in- terest upon three millions of money. He had not asked the Chancellor of the Exchequer for any favour, but merely for fair competition. After a few words from Sir J. Marjoribanks, Sir G. Clerk, and Mr Hume, the motion @@was negatived with- out a division. PUBLIC EXPENDITURE. Mr Hume brought forward @his promised motion rela- tive to the expenditure of the country. The honourable member went into an elaborate detail of items in the va- rious departments, pointing out various instances of ex- travagance and mismanagement, and concluded by mov- ing the following resolution That an humble address be presented to his Majesty, to the effect, that his Majes- ty might be pleased to institute a minute inquiry into the mode of collecting the revenue, and also into the salaries of officers, and that a vigilant superintendance might be held over every branch of the public expenditure, with a view to effect a reduction in the same, particularly in the military establishments. The Marquis of Tavistock supported the motion, and denounced the Ministers as unworthy the confidence of the Ki@ng or people@. Mr Banks, at considerable length, combated the argu- ments of t@he two preceding speakers, and moved as an @amendment that an address be presented to his Majesty, assuring him that the House viewed with satisfaction the measures that had been taken by government for a gene- ral revision of the expences incurred in collecting the cus- tom duties, and requesting his Majesty to give directions for @a similar revision to be extended to all the other branches of the revenue, in order that the collection of the same might be more economical a@nd efficacious that his Majesty be also intreated to cause an inquiry to be made into t@he various departments of the civil govern- ment. The Marquisses of Londonderry and Titchfield oppos- ed the motion, and Lord Milton a@nd Mr Creevy support- ed it@@@ when the house divided-For Mr Hume's motion, 94-Against it, 174. Thursday@, June 28. A petition was presented from the brewers of Dundee, praying the repeal of certain clauses in an act passed for the regulation of the sale of beer, and o@ne to the same ef- fect from Renfrew. Mr W@ilberforce moved an address to his Majesty, pray- ing him to provide some settlement for negroes that had would be duly considered. Mr Bernal, adverting to the question now before the House, declared his objection to granting the arrears to his Royal Highn@es@@@s. Mr Martin supported the grant he considered the House pledged by its former vote. After so@@me observations from other Members, the Re- port was agreed to, and the Bill ordered to be read a third time on Monday. Colonel Davies wished to know what was the estimated expences of the Coronation £100,000 had been @granted, but to look @at the preparations, he was convinced @£500,000 was not sufficient to answer the purpose. The Chancellor of the Exchequer was persuad@ed a small addition to the £100,000 already granted, would be sufficient. Mr Scarlett sa@id, it was estimated that 150,000 specta- tors would take seats to see the procession, at six guineas each. The proprietors of those stands were the only per- sons who would get any thing by the ceremony let them give up o@ne guinea out of each seat, and the expence would be defrayed. On the Order of the Day being read for receiving the Report on the Bill for auditing Public Accounts, Mr @@Maberly proposed a clause, which was agreed to by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, a@nd @ad@ded to the Bill. Mo@nday@, July 2. Lord Londonderry moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Duke of Clarence's annuity bill. Mr Becher was decidedly against the grant of arrears o@n this subject. He was desirous of placing the Duke of @@Clarence on the same footing with the rest of the Royal brothers, a@nd therefore he would not oppose the annuity necessary for that purpose but the Member for Aber- deen had clearly, in his opinion, shown that £@3500 was sufficient to do this, and unless some one should show the contrary, and that £@6000 was requisite for that pur- pose, he should oppose that grant. Mr Serjeant Onslow defended the claim of the Royal Duke to the arrears, which the House was pledged to give ################################  Mr Brougham said, his sentiments on this sub@ject were well known, and it was unnecessary he should repeat them but he wished now to advert to the important sub- ject which had been discussed on Saturday, namely, the delay of her Majesty's advisers in making a claim for her coronation. It @was the duty of her Majesty's advisers to wait till that ceremony was fix@ed. The proclamation was gazetted on the 12th June, and the 23d saw the memorial forwarded to his Majesty thus o@nly eleven days was ta- ken for consultation and preparing t@he memorial-no great delay-especially when it was considered that holidays intervening shut up many sources of intelligence from him though he had to acknowledge the great courtesy he had experienced in the British Museum. Lord Londonderry said, he had not charged her Ma- jesty's legal advisers with delay, but only compared their tardiness in making their application to the celerity which they expected in t@he answer to that application. As to the 21st May being the first@ time this subject was men- tioned, he had given his opinion even last session on this subject. She was then told that it rested with the Crown to call her or not to the ceremony, and that his Majesty would not be advised to require her attendance. He should also add, that a memorial was this morning re- ceived by the Secretary of @State from her Majesty, desir- ing to be heard by her Counsel. This was submitted im- mediately to his Majesty, and he was now prepared to state that his Majesty had, as a matter of grace and fa- vour, but not as one of right, given orders that her Ma- jesty should be so heard by her Counsel. He thought this would prove the disposition on the part of his Majes- ty to extend to the Queen every possible indulgence. Mr Brougham said a few words in explanation. The bill was then pass@ed, and ordered to the @Lords. On the order of the day for receiving the report on the extra post bill, Mr Calcraft opposed it as inconvenient, and likely to interfere with the present establishment.-He was follow- ed by Sir J. Yorke, Mr F. Lewis, @and others. The House then divided on the bill, when the numbers were-For receiving the report, . . 31 Against it, . . . . . 39 The bill was lost by a majority of -8 Mr Scarlett then rose to call the attention of the House to the poor law amendment bill. He wished not to ex- cite debate, but merely to state his reasons for not pres- sing the bill at this advanced period of the session, and to ask leave to withdraw it for the present. @He hoped that the measure would be attended next Ses- sion with a greater degree of discussion. He would, at the same time, propose another Bill for the purpose of re- gulating and modifying the system with the view parti- cularly of specifying the moral claims for relief, which demanded attention, and of checking t@he extravagance of management which was so generally felt. A warm ############################################## in continuation, observed,@@ It is precisely what has pas- sed in the English Parliament that proves my doubts are but too t@rue. We are guilty of an infraction of the Treaty, and thus foreigners may justly interfere. Like you, Gentlemen, I am hostile to such interfe- rence, and to the visiting of our ships, and these are reasons which demand, on the part of France, a reli- gious observance of the Treaty of Abolition but it is my intention to enter fully upon this subject, when the question of the Colonies shall be before the Assem- bly. Messrs. Benjamin Constant and Manuel, appealing to what had taken place in the British Parliament, quoted Sir George Collier's Report, and mentioned the eases which have been proved before Committees of both our House@. The Ultras took part in favour of the trade, and one of the most furious, Mr @De Puymaurim, had the audacity to say, t@hat these cases were lies, as atro- cious as they were absurd. The Minister of Marine also took upon himself to assert, that one of the most important statements contained in @Sir George Collier's Report was false because, forsooth, it appeared im- probable to his Excellency. Were we to look for ad- ditional proofs of the extent to which the Slave Trade continues to be carried on by France, we would not desire more convincing evidence than the temper displayed by the Chamber of Deputies on this occa- sion. A Committee, appointed by the Chamber of Depu- ties to examine and report on the state of the Press, have come to a resolution that the censorship ought to be abolished. @@@The ministry were, in consequence, said to be struck with consternation. @@Much sensation was excited in the Chamber on hearing this Report. The Deputies impatiently thronged to be registered for he discussion before the sitting was adjourned, forty-one were inscribed to speak in favour of its recommendation, and thirty-five to oppose it. The Court of Peers have decided upon the accusa- tions relative to the transactions of the 19th August. They acquit La@my, but find Nantil, Mazian, Rey, and @@@Lavocat, Guilty, under the 87th article of the Penal Code, to which verdict the penalty of Death is attached. ######################################## says the s@ame letter, is extremely injurious, and Russia will be the first to see the necessity of having recourse to much more efficacious means than mere remonstrances to the Divan. The arrival of Greek families, who seek in our country a shelter from the calamities which afflict their own, still continues. They consist, unfortu- nately, however, of little more than fugitives, desti- tute of all means of existence. They are received with compassion, and their countrymen who have been long established amongst us, subscribe largely for their support. Spain and Portugal. The advices from Spain are not of a nature to allay those apprehensions which the present condition of that country is calculated to excite. Indeed, the writers of some of the letters hold out the expectation of a po- litical crisis, which it is impossible for the Govern- ment, although supported by a large portion of the military, to avert. According to all the reports which have been re- ceived respecting the state of the Peninsula, the whole of the Provinces, with the exception of Gallicia and Catalonia, appear to be very cold with regard to the new system. In the sitting of the Cortes on the 18th, a letter from General Quiroga was read, in which, after re- turning thanks for the munificence of the Cortes in granting him a pension, he declares that he feels him- self sufficiently rewarded by the approbation of his ser- vices and that he shall want nothing as long as the Spaniards are free. Several members, complimenting the disinterestedness of the General, thought his refu- sal should not be accepted that regard should be had to his family, and some thought he had no right to re- fuse, or to make himself greater than the Cortes, who had decreed this mark of national gratitude. The General's offer to renounce his pension was declared to be inadmissible. Colonial Intelligence. ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## of compromise with t@he Norwegian Diet, on t@he ############################################################################################################################### ceremony. A committee was appointed to arrange this business and carry it into effect. The official returns of the population of this city have not yet been received but we have seen a state- ment, which makes t@he numbers in Edinburgh and Leith amount to nearly 139,000, which is an increase since 1811 of 35,000. On Wednesday t@he Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council elected Dr. Andrew Duncan, jun. M. D. to fill t@he Materia Medica chair in t@he University of Edinburgh, vacant by t@he recent appointment of Dr. Ja@mes Home to be Professor of the Practice of Physic. T@hursd@ay morning t@he last division of the 7th, or @Royal Fusileers, marched from this city for England. T@he Edinburgh militia assembled on Tuesday at Dalkeith, for 21 days training and exercise. T@he London, Leith, Edinburgh, and Glasgow Shipping Company's smack Fort@h arrived at London on Tuesday last, after a passage of @48 hours from the Frith of Forth. The City of Edinburgh steam packet arrived at Blackwall on Saturday morning, having anchored t@he night before at t@he Nore. She performed her voyage in 55 hours and 43 minutes, exclusive of stoppages. ################### Tuesday and Wednesday, there was caught by the fishermen at the port of Irvine, a considerable quantity of fresh herrings, of excellent quality, and large size one boat brought in about 1800 on Wednesday morning. The whole sold to good advantage, being t@he first herrings taken t@her@e t@his season. There is a prospect of t@he fishing being good on t@he opposite coasts. On Saturday week the salmon fishers employed near Elc@ho Castle caught in their net a herring, whi@ch mea- sured two feet in length, and weighed four pounds English. A fire broke out on Thursday last, in a wrig@ht's shop in Paisley, during the exhibition of Mr. Kent's aquatic performances on t@he liver Cart, and consumed all the property belonging to t@he inhabitants of three ad- joining houses. The property where the fire original- ed not having been insured, the owner was so much affected with his loss, that he threw himself out of the window of t@he room where @he went to sleep, and was greatly injured. Mr Carrick, banker in Glasgow, who died a few days ago, having no near relations, has left his fortune, with the exception of some legacies of no great a- mount, to two distant relatives, Mr Buchannan of Drumpellier, and Mr James Moore, surgeon in Lon- don, brother of t@he late Sir John Moore. Mr Moore gets the Galloway and Ayrshire estates, reckoned worth £150,000 Mr Buchanan, who is residuary legatee, is supposed to have got a much larger portion, having t@he Lanarkshire estates and the personals. As an instance of t@he remarkable droug@ht this sea- son, Lochlomond @has fallen fully seven feet perpendi- cularly from the water mark and persons pass and re- pass between two of t@he islands on stepping stones which have been placed t@here this week and of w@hich there is no former vestige. ################################### of this bill, which was ordered to stand over till next @Session and after routine business, the House adjourned. Tuesday, July 3. Mr Hobhouse presented a petition from an individual named Benbow, at present a prisoner on an indictment preferred against him by t@he Constitutional Association, and who remained in confinement in consequence of his not being able to obtain bail for good behaviour, although @he could get bail for appearance. Col. Davies then rose to present another petition from Capt. Romeo, complaining of the conduct of the Sicilian Government, and of the ################################################################# dition that an indemnity shall be granted to the suffer- ers, and that he shall have a right to ennoble hereaft@er any person who s@@hall render signal services to the state. Naples, June 14. The strength of t@he Austrian army, which now oc- cupies our territory, independently of the troops w@hich form the garrisons of all the fortresses throughout Naples and Sicily, is 25,000 men, who are all quar- tered round this capital. Several brigades have taken positions at Pug@ha, Foggia, and Salerno, and in Ca- labria. A strong division is cantoned in t@he Abbruz- zes. Paris, June 27. A person who was at Laybach, in intimacy with t@he Assemble@ Sovereigns, heard the Emperor Alex- ander say, in an impatient and emphatic tone, which he rarely shows, in speaking of t@he Greek commo- tions -'@No! I positively will not meddle with them. What! Is it o@nly to depend upon t@he foolish enter- prize of a youth, to impose upon me the necessity of putting my forces in motion@?' Letters from Vienna, of t@he 16th, communicate in-tellige@nce from Bucharest of the 3d instant, with far- ther details of the state of t@he Greek insurrection in that quarter. From a country where no gazettes or official reports are published, all intelligence must be viewed with distrust, and no statements believed with-@ ############################################################################## of this Island by t@he new tariff, have been extremely injurious, and I find that I have a fair prospect of having t@he duties I have paid returned to me. The tariff itself produc- ed such ill consequences, that it was only acted upon for a few ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################ him to the British army previous to our ############################################################################################################################################################################################################### up, a lengthened conversation took place respecting the ################### of £20,000 to General Desforneaux. This ##################################################################### after much debate, cut down to £5000, on the suggestion of Lord Binning. The claim was for the use of hospitals at Guadaloupe, in the year 1796. @Friday, June 29. Lord A. Hamilton presented a petition from the brew- ers of Ayr, in Scotland, against the bill requiring certi- ficates for t@he sale of beer. The noble Lord, after a va- riety of observations showing the oppressive nature of this clause in the act, moved for a bill to repeal a clause of the act 1. 2. Geo. IV. cap. 22, requiring accounts and to admit, that there existed peculiar circumstances in the ################################################# of the country, to i@nduce us to reduce our expenditure as low as possible,-to make every exertion to economise. The Noble Earl concluded by proposing that after t@he words an humble address be presented to his Majesty. t@he following amendment should be substituted for the original motion - to assure his Ma- jesty that we have regarded with satisfaction the measures taken by his Majesty's commands for a general revision or expenditure in the department of the customs of Great Britain, and to entreat that his Majesty would be gra- ciously pleased to direct a similar investigation to be ex- tended to all the other branches of the revenue, in order to render its collection @@more economical and its manage- ment more efficient. And that, for giving further relief to the country, his Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct a more minute inquiry into the several depart- ments of the civil government, as well for the purpose of reducing t@he number employed, as with reference to the increased salaries granted during the late war, and since the year 1797, in consideration of additional labour thrown upon individuals, and t@he change in the value of money. @And further, that his Majesty would be graciously cleas- ed to direct that every personal savin@g consistent with the public interest @shall be effected in those more extended departments of the public service which the country is o@blig@ed to maintain, and more especially in the military expenditure, by a reduction in the numbers of the army, @and by a constant and vigilant supervision of all the de- partments of t@he State. When the question of the amendment was put from the woolsack. Earl Grosvenor gave the preference to the motion of his Noble Friend Lord Darnley , and insisted upon the practicability of t@he economical reductions which he had recommended, and th@e necessity of enforcing them under the existing distress of the country. After a few words from Lord Melville, Earl Carnarvon, and Lord@ Calthorpe, the amendment of Lord Liverpool was agreed to without a division. Tuesday, July 3. T@he Duke of Clarence's provision bill was brought from the Commons, also the Audit of Exchequer account bill, the assessed taxes composition bill, and the metropolis police bill. Wednesday, July 4. Several petitions were presented in favour of the bill for preventing cruelty to animals. Mr Brogden brought up from the Commons the appro- priation bill, the Custom-house officers relief bill, the lotteries bill, t@he Exchequer bills public works bill, and several other bills, which were read a second time. The@@ husbandry horses repeal bill was read a second time. The @Du@ke of Clarence's further provision b@ill was read a se- cond time, and after some routine business, the House adjourned. HOUSE OF COMMONS. Wednesday, June 27. EDINBURGH STAMP OFFICE. Mr Hume rose to bring under the consideration of the House the establishment of t@he Stamp Office at Edin- burgh. It having been considered necessary that a new Stamp Office should be provided for this d@epartment of t@he revenue at Edinburgh, a person was deputed to that capital to inquire for a proper building, and this gentle- man, in t@he course of his inquiries, discovered a house which he considered as well suited for the purpose-a building well known, under the title of Durnbreek's Ho- tel, which was to be purchased for £8400. He commu- nicated t@his fact to Government but private influence prevailed against his recommendation, and in consequence of some @ot@her recommendation, Government was induced ############################################### Exche- quer intimated there would be no occasion for the motion@ it was therefore negatived without a division. On the resolution for @£1535, 1s. for the payment of the officers of the Alien Office, Mr Hobhouse and Sir R. Wilson opposed it, on the principle of the oppressive na- ture of t@he alien act they declared it to he repu@@gnant to the feelings of every honourable man in the country. Af- ter a lengthened conversation between Mr Hobhouse, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Clive, Mr Bennett, and Lord Milton, t@he resolution was carried by a majority of 17. D@UKE OF CLARENCE. On the Chancellor of t@he Exchequer moving for going into a Committee on the grant to the Duke of Clarence, Mr Creevy rose to protest against the whole of this bill, which he declared to be ill-timed in its application, and unconstitutional in principle. The honourable member declared that t@he people had @been insulted, by the con- duct he pursued towards an Illustrious @Personage. After such conduct t@he Royal Duke came but with@ an ill grace to solicit money from the people. Mr G. @Bankes supported the grant. Mr Harbord considered the @Queen as much entitled to her arrears as t@he Duke of Clarence. Upon t@he same prin- ciple, £105,000 w@ere due to her. Lord Londonderry considered all those observations to have the effect which they were intended to have name- ly, to create discontent out of doors. A conversation then took place between Mr Palmer, Mr C. Bathurst, Mr W. Smith, and other honourable members, when t@he committee divided.-@Ayes, 54-Noes, 24-Majority for the whole grant, 30. The house went into a Committee on the extra post bill, which was ordered to be received by a majority of 3. Satur@day, June 30. The following Bills were read a third time and passed -The Hops Drawback Bill, the Isle of @Man Bill, the Public Service Bill, and the Irish Silk Bounties Bill. DUKE OF CLARENCE.-CORONATION OF THE QUEEN. On the Report of the Duke of Clarence's Annuity Bill being brought up, Sir R. Ferguson said, he should give his decided ne- gative to the grant for the arrears, and at the same time wished to ask if her Majesty was to be crowned@? The Marquis of Londonderry said, an application had been made by her Majesty some days ago but that the Law Officers, to whom it was referred, had not yet given their answer. As far as he was aware, there was no in- tention t@hat her Majesty should participate in t@hat cere- mony. @Mr Denman thought it extraordinary that no positive answer was given to t@he application of her Majesty, and that it should have remained unanswered from Monday till Saturday. Full time ought to be given to her Ma- jesty to assert her claims before the Council. The @Marquis of Londonderry was surprised her #################################################### @ma- ture consideration, this did not appear to be a case in which the Government of this country could properly interfere. Lord @W. Be@ntinck could not say that Capt. Romeo had any direct claim by services rendered the British army in Sicily. If he was not paid sufficiently, he should have applied at the time to the governing au- thorities in Sicily. After a few words from Mr Coulburn, Lord A. Ha- milton, and Col. Davies, in reply, t@he petition w@as or- dered to lie on the table. Mr Wilberforce presented a petition from a Colonel Wood, stating that in 179@4, he had raised a regiment of volunteers, with the expectation of promotion, but had failed of obtaining t@hat object, whilst t@he expence to which he had been put had ruined his fortune-praying the house to afford him relief, as Government had refused to take his case into consideration. Lord @Palmerston said, so far from Col. Wood having any reason to complain, he was considerably in debt to the public, and the fault of Government, if any, was that they had been too indulg@@ent. Ordered to lie on t@he table. Mr Whitbread then brought forward his motion against the Constitutional Association, which he described as a Bridge-street plot, set on foot by Attornies, for their own benefit. He concluded by moving, t@hat the Attorney- General be directed to enter a nolle prosequi on all its pro- secutions. Mr Bathurst defended the legality of t@he Association, and believed t@he Attorney-General had no right to inter- fere. Dr Lushington supported the motion, and spoke against not only this society, but that for the suppression of vice. @Mr Wilberforce defended the latter, and deprecated the extreme licentiousness of t@he press, as exemplified by Carlile and others. Mr Denman condemned the society as unconstitutional. The Attorney and Solicitor General@ defended its le- gality. Mr Brougham and Mr Scarlett maintained that it was unconstitutional, and therefore illegal. The latter ad- mitted that he might alter @his sentiments, after hearing arguments on the subject. Mr Whitbread declined pressing t@he motion to a divi- sion, a@nd it was negatived. The Lottery Bill was passed, after some opposition from Dr Lushington and Mr Bennett. The appropriation bill was passed, after a conversation on the proceedings of the session and then t@he House adjourned to Tuesday next. ################################################### having been paid off, on Saturday, at Chatham, was re-commissioned on Sunday morning, the 1st inst. by Captain Sir Mur- ray Maxwell, K.@C.@B., and is to bear the flag of Ad- miral Sir B. Hallowell, Commander-in-Chief of his @Majesty's ships and vessels in the Medway.-Kentish Gazette. Accounts have reached the Navy-office of the safe arrival of the following convict-ships at New South Wales, having on board 1,112 convicts, vir. -Maria, 156 Hebe, 160 Alm@orah, 160 Juliana, 160 Do- rothy, 190 Prince of Orange, 136 and Caledonia, 150 of whom, it is gratifying to remark, only three died on the passage out, and one after being landed. On Wednesday afternoon the Redpole, 10, Captain Hay, sailed for the Mediterranean, in consequence of orders suddenly received on t@hat day. The Dispatch, 18, Captain Jervoise, is also to sail immediately for the same station. The present state of the contest carrying on between the Turks and Greeks in the ########################################################################################################################### however, from these letters, that the ###################################### committed by the Turks on entering ################################## Greeks ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Servia, which ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## At the Annual General Meeting of Proprietors of t@he Sea Insurance Company of Scotland, held in their office here on Monday the 2d curt. the following gen- tlemen were unanimously elected Directors for the en- suing year. A dividend was at the same time declar- ed payable on the 1st of August next -EXTRAORDINARY DIRECTORS. James Bruce, Esq. Sec. to the Board of Excise. Duncan Stewart, Esq. of Glenbuckie. John Baird, Esq. of Camelon. Donald Macdonald, Esq. of Loch Inver. Wm. Watson, jun. Esq. Merchant, Campbelton. Henry Jar@dine, Esq. his majesty's Remembrancer, Court of Exchequer. James Spittal, Esq. Merchant, Edinburgh. John Macfarlan, Esq. Merchant, Glasgow. Robert Smith, Esq. Merchant, Edinburgh@. Hugh Cowan, Esq. Merchant, Ayr. Richard Duncan, Esq. Banker, Glasgow. James Shearer, Esq. Surveyor, General Post Office. @William Inglis, Esq. of Middleton. @Thomas Allan, Esq. Banker, Edinburgh. @William Wedderspoon, Esq. Perth. ORDINARY DIRECTORS. R. B. Blyth, @Merchant. Alexander Lawrie, Gazette Office. George Small, @Merchant. Robert Gordon, late of Jamaica. Alexander Stevenson, Albany Street. Andrew Pearson, Excise Office. George Mylne, Accountant. @John Sanderson, Hunter's Square. Josiah Maxton, Saddler. Alexander Henderson, Merchant. Adam Anderson, Merchant. Alexander Wight, Banker. @Colin Macnab, Great King Street. @John Archd. Campbell, W. S., and @James Marr, Merchant, Leith. WILLIAM BRAIDW@OOD, Jun. Manager. ROBERT GI@BSON, Secretary. Those marked thus@@ are new Directors. Coronation Dinner at Elgin. S EVERAL Gentlemen, in Elgin and its Vicinity@, propose to DINE together, on Thursday the 19th inst. to celebrate the CORONA@TION of our Most Gracious Sovereign, and will be happy to be jointed by their friends and neighbours. A Subscription Paper, for such Gentlemen as choose to put down their names, will be found at Mr. ################ Shop, until Monday the 1@6th inst. at two o'clock, when a Meeting of the Subscribers is requested, at Maclachlan's Inn, to appoint Stewards, and otherwise arrange for the occusion. Elgin, July 9, 1821. ################################################## this spot, was t@hat of a Mr John- ston, merchant, Edinburgh, who was a friend of an ho- nourable Baronet now present and the work proceeded @on the authority of @Lord Melville, t@he Lord Advocate, @and Mr Johnston, merchant, the friend of t@he honoura- ble Baronet, contrary to the opinion of the Board of @St@amps. This be@@ Mr Hume contend@ed was an instance of gross neglect of public ################################################################## and they certainly could not advise that her Majesty should share the august ceremony. It was only as matter of favour that her @Majesty could @be crown- ed and t@hat favour they could not advise their Royal Master to confer. Mr Denman observed, it would have been very unbe- coming in her Majesty's legal advisers to have put for- ward her claim, until it was ascertained whether t@he co- ronation would take place or not. The same appearances were seen a year ago@ when it was not quite certain, whe- ther they were for #### coronation of the King, or the de- gradation of his Royal Wife. He still complained of the delay which took place in answering the memorials of her Majesty. Courtesy, at all events, should have dictated a diff@erent line of condu@ct, if the exalted station of a Queen of England could not command attention. He coul@d hope but little from the Council to whom her Majesty had ad- dressed her Memorials. Mr Scarlett wished to know if her Majesty claimed to be heard by counsel, or not@? There was only one in- stance in which a Queen was @not crowned. The wife of Charles the First@ was not crowned, because she was a Catholic and in the th@@en state of the times it would @have been dangerous ######################## priest to perform ########################################################### with prompt pay- ment all that was offered. The armaments were pro- ceeding with great activity, particularly in the arsenal, and new fortifications were erecting on the Bosphorus. From t@his it would appear, that a visit from the Greek fleet is held by the Divan to be a possible ############################################################################################################################## of t@he kingdom, to consider of the best ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## but firmly, resolves itself into a question ###################################################### June 27, 1821. These are to give notice, that all such Peeresses or Widows of Peers of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as intend to see the solemnity of his Majesty's Royal Coronation in Westminster- Hall, do forthwith send their names to the Right Ho- nourable Lord Gwydir, Deputy Great Chamberlain of England and such of them as desire to see it in the Abbey, do send their names to the Right Honourable Lord Henry Howard Molyneux-Howard, Deputy Earl Marshal of England, to the end that places may be provided for them. JAS. BULL@ER. This Gazette also contains a notification from the Deputy Earl Marshal, that no tickets ſor the Coro- nation will be issued to Peers, Privy Councillors, or others, who shall not have signiffed to him, on or be- fore the 7th of July, their intention of attending at the said solemnity. Turkish power, has been@ recommended by Jus@suf Aga of the Janissaries, who is well known for his fi- delity and prudence. This experienced man repre- sented that this was the only means to attach the Janis- saries and on the 15th of May, it was resolved to or- ganize the Ottoman army on the@ European ############################################################### crown. In the Court of King's Bench, W. Floyer, Esq. convicted of certain publications against Sir Robert Peel, arising out of an election contest for the borough of Tam@worth, was sentenced to imprisonment for three ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################  sant differences with the Maritime Powers, is, '@The summons sent to all the Piratical States of Barbary to join the SULTAN'S fleet, with all the ships which they can equip.' In the summons addressed to these States, every t@hing is said that can inflame fanaticism and tempt cupidity. The English Ambassador has already declared that his Court cannot permit the ships of the Barbary States to come into the Ionian Sea and that all the ports of the Ionian Islands would be shut a- gainst them. @@@@T@he admission of representatives of the Janissa- ries into the Divan, a circumstance unparalleled in the Turkish history, has excited an extraordinary sensation here. The consequences of it are ######################################################################## of Deputies, on Tuesday last@ the proposition of the grant for the maintenance of t@he Naval Forces, led to a brief discussion upon the prac- tices of France in respect to t@he Slave Trade. Gene- ral Foy inquired whether the ships destined to pre- vent@ t@he felonious and detestable traffic in slaves, had discharged t@he duty assigned them in an exemplary manner?-Europe, exclaimed the General, says No! -M. ##################### replied.@@ ###################################################################### of the marines and of the 86th regiment, in which, before it was quelled, several persons were severely hurt, but we understand that no lives were lost. An attempt was made to renew the quarrel on Thursday night, but frustrated by the ener- gy of the Officers of the Garrison. The Coroner's Inquest on the bodies of Mr. Do- naldson and Mr. Whitaker, who unfortunately lost their lives at Sunderland bridge, as mentioned in our last, brought in a verdict of Man-slaughter, caused by furiously driving, against James Auld, t@he coachman, and made a nominal deodand upon the coach ################################################ T HE R. W. Master and Office Bearers of SOLO- MON'S LOGDE, wishing to show their Loyalty to His Majesty King George the Fourth, on the happy occasion of his Coronation, which is to take place on the 19th of July current, hereby invite all the Brethren of the Lodge to come forward, in their @Masonic Clothing, on the said 19th of July curt. by eleven o'clock in the forenoon, to meet t@he R. W. a@nd Office-bearers, in their Hall, to walk in Procession, and afterwards to Dine a@nd spend the Day in a social manner, as becomes Masons. WILL@M. M'KAY, Clerk. NOTICE TO CREDITORS, And Sale of BUILDING AREAS IN REGENT STREET. T HOSE having Claims against JOHN MAY,@@ @Mason in Aberdeen, are requested to lodge t@he same, with affidavits thereon, in the hands of Alex. Al- lan, or James Nicol, Advocates, betwixt a@nd Friday first, in order that a correct statement of Mr May's affairs may be made up. Those Creditors who shall have lodged their claim@, with affidavits, by that time, will receive an interim dividend, on applying as above, on t@he 20th curt. And. There will @be sold, by public roup, within the New Inn of Aberdeen, on Friday the 3d day of August next, at two o'clock afternoon, that LOT of GROUND, mea- suring 100 feet along t@he South side of Regent Street, and 70 feet, or thereby, along the @Road leading from Castlehill to the Quay, fronting t@he Canal Basin, and having t@he advantage of two fronts. From its central si- tuation, and vicinity to t@he harbour, it is well worthy t@he attention of Builders, or those wishing to lay out their money to advantage. If not disposed of in one Lot, it will be afterwards exposed in separate lots. Also, one equal undivided Third Part or Share of the WEAVERS' SHOP, in Regent Street, Presently occu- pied by Messrs, Leys, Masson, and Co. renting £27 yearly. The Articles of Roup are in the hands of the said Alex. Allan, and James Nicol, to whom intending purchasers may apply for farther particulars. Aberdeen, July 10, 1@821. NOTICE TO CREDITORS AND DEBTORS. A L@L those who have claims against the subjects of WILLIAM COCK, in Upper Crichie, are desir- ed to lodge them, in the course of this month, properly vouched, with John Mitchell, in Mill of Fortrie, that the state of @his affairs may be known and those indebted to him are requested to pay in their accounts to the said J. M. within the foresaid time, to prevent expences. NOTICE TO CREDITORS AND ###################################### Strang@ford, ############################################################################################################## and committed to j@ai@l, f@or trial at the next ################################################################################################################################# ####################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### and invited to sit down on a bench, which ####################################################### the usual seat of the Imperial executioners ################################################ here they are generally made to wait an hour be- fore they are admitted into the second Court. Lord Strangford did not stop at all, but passed the bench. The Sultan himself answered @his speech, which is usually done by the Grand Vizier. A private letter from Vienna, dated June 16th, ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ that the troubles in the Levant could only be ####### of the ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ having Claims of Debt against the@@ late Miss ANN @@WH@YTE of Keith, are hereby required to lodge the same, properly vouched, in the hands of Mr W. Rainy, Schoolmaster of Drumblade, before the 23d inst. and those indebted to Miss Whyte, will please pay what they owed her, to Mr Rainy, on or before the above-mentioned day. July 9, 1821. STRAYED, FROM SEATON, On Sunday Evening last, the HOUSE DOG. A Youngng Large BLACK DOG, of the Newfound- land breed all black but a part of his fore feet, which are greyish or brown and a white part on th@e breast ears, and long bushy tail, uncut answers to the name of Bill, or Billy. Any one detaining him after this, will be prosecuted as the law directs and any one bringing him to Seaton House, or giving notice where he may be found, will be handsomely rewarded. He had a strong ########################################################