[OCR_toInput] IKXETER FLYING POST. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8.- 183A-LESS THAN_ HALF PRICE-KMPMM AND CO. HAY CLEAR!D A STOCK OK all WOOL DREES MATERIALS, BLACK AND COLORED, AT THE BLACK FANCY, Doable Width Dress, B_aCK and COLORED FANCY do. dm 1 BARGAINS FOR CHRISTMAS IN A N N D ABOVE REDUCTION. .1 Wool, 6iJ, worth Is URL do 12-id, worth 2e 6Jd. ALL DEPARTMENT.?. CO . , A P M A N 2 0 7, HICi II-STREET, EXETER FA ' ROYAL PUBLIC ROOMS. PKCEHBKR 19th. V DRESS BALL. isg Drbss Admissible ilv to those weeiviD? invitation , £le. 2s Doable, 3s Gd. u J Tickets cm be obtained from Jsmks. Mont-le-Grand. Tickets, Is and 6d, can be obtained H r Dresser, Arcade Matthkws, d Voooht, Alphiogton-street James' Post Office. THE BEST VALUE IN THE WEST OK ENGLAND For all kinds and qualities of TABLE KNIVES, POCKET KNIVES SCISSORS, RAZORS, AND STROPS, SPECTACLES, Ac.. Go to E. G. FOUR ACRES, the well-known Cutler, Optician, and Surgical Instrument Maker, WEST OF ENGLAND CUTLERY WORKS, 2, 3, South-Stkkkt, Exktku. OUTH AMERICAN ilOXARY SOCIETY. -The archbishops op Canter-VoHK. BISHOP OK KXETER. CI. k.0. I I s E R M o N S r PrtAcSed on behalf of the Society SUNDAY DEC. 9th, 1894. . the following Churches -Goli smith-stebet.-Morning, W E lu tk w Eveuiug, 6.30, Rev. M a or.-Afternoon at 3, Children's -. Jlrv. W. Mart lew. ' v Moroine, 10.45. the Rector z. KeY. W E Mart lew. - k . in -ilorniug, 10.45, Rer. Canon ANNUAL MEETING i i.Ier Asso istion will he held D.V.1 HAULER HOUSE by tha kind u of the Dean and Chapter . MONDAY, DEC- 10th, 1894. F . Canon Trefasis will take the chair i W. B. Martlew,Association Secretary, rad the meeting. - n w. be made in aid of the Fund of ' A rae day there will be a Celebration of . rnnir.cion m the Lady Chapel at7-45 . prrice of Intercession at 4 p.m. Address will be given by the Rev. W. K. n the Missions of the Society. W. HOPE, Hon. cec. Blunt Razors, Knives,Scissors, e., Scientifically Ground and Set to cat likr New, with prompt dispatch. Dinner Knives re-bladed as New. N B.-Spectacles and Eyeglasses to sui verybody at all Prices. t 80LE EXETER AGENCY FOR HENRY LA.URANCKS IMPROVED SPECTACLES. HOME! DRESSMAKING. Madam, VET E are now offering by special ▼ Y retjueat a limited number of Skirts, including material and paper pattern, cut to measurement, for bodice from 25s, suitable tor winter and early spring wear. Soliciting the favour of an early visit, We beg to remain, Madam, Your obedient Servants, adie3 Dress Association, 17, Bedford Circus, Exeter. kB WESTERN RAILWAY. J LORD ROSEBERY TO DEVON PORT. r, 11th December, a Special Cheap i run to I evonport and Back, leav-TER 7.5 a.to., Seaton Junction ON7.29, Sidmonth Junction 7.38, 7, Broadclyst 7.54, Pinhoe 8.0, KWtt Stm t 8.15, St. David's 8.20, . THE DITON 8.35, Yeoford 8.4A h Tawton 9 2,Sarapford Court jnaj HAMPTON 9 18 a m. rvm DEVONPORTat 11.10 p.m -ORATES, RANGES, STOVES, Tits thoughts of the elector, riapwrfeorat the country are not jbet new eaet'in the -direction of the Parliament House, J ut we concentrated on the Poor-House, In the House of Commons, Demos has, of 1 1 years, been made use of by all sorts an# conditions of members. No doubt the working classes have a great claim upon the country. It is acknowledged that it ia not only the duty but the interest of society to eee that the industrious and the residuum should be well cared for. Our objection is to the methods used by certain politicians who trade on the wants of the people, and seek to climb into notoriety over their backs. Their ever lasting shout of The People-make way for the People! means ''Make way for us- h'e are the people. In the House of Commons, Demos is King, but in tbe other House ho is a thing of shreds and patches. Immediately poverty drives him to the Poor House his former friends know him no more. He hoe no longer a vote, and so his name is struck ofl the roll of the People. What consideration do bis former patrons show him ? 'What a ohange oomes over the scene. The man whose voioo but a little while ego assisted to swell the ohorus of popular clamour, whoso vote formed no mean element in forcing the tide to flow in the direction that suited his political tutors, lies neglected and forlorn. Instead of being, as be was led to believe, the salt of tbe earth, he discovers he is an inoumbrance. There are, of course, cases ondesorving of pity, but is not the fact of a man or woman applying for relief, in itself, too often considered evidenoe of unwortbinese ? That the question of tho treatment of the poor is on deserving of far more careful consideration than it has hitherto reoeived must be admitted, and although not sanguine that any important results will follow a more ohange of persons as guardians, we have faith that the intro duction of the lady element will produoe beneficial results. LOCAL v UQ88IP, Now that the cold weather is fairly set ln 1st me repeat the warning I have given in. returned at the tap of,the pell, several previous winters to keep yonr- month HEATING MANTELS. FOR TASH will be available to return o . 12th December, by any Tram, ot 1 1 extra. W i AS. SCOTTER, General Manager. r T WESTERN RAILWAY i r ENGLAND FAT CATTLE AND Pul LTP.Y SHOW. El UK FAT STOCK SHOW. ■DA RETURN TICKETS will be PLYMOUTH, on WEDNESDAY', EP. I?th. from KXETBR at 7.10 am., trot 8 23, Dartmouth 6.47, Torquay rt .n 7.3. Kmifsbridgo 8.17 a m. URSDAY, DECEMBER 13, from at 8 10 a m , Moretouhampstead 7.20, , f.47, Bnxksm 6.55, Torquay 8.35. root 9 5, Ashburton 7.3, Kiugsbridge DAY. DECEMRER 14, to EXETER MOUTH at 6 30 and 9.10 a m., Ash-r.nd 9.50, Kiug.bridgt- 8.15. Totnes 1 '3. Dartmouth 5.47 and 9.25, 1 5 and 9 35, Torquay 7.27 and 10.8. ii ad 7 20, Newton Abbet 8.0 and lit, - from many other stations andfor tilirs tee bills. STAPLE FAT STOCK SHOW. 'HONKS DAY. DECEMBER 12, v' DAY RETURN TICKETS will BARNSTAPLE from TAUNTON •'.-ton pjtzwarren, Milverton, Wivelis-Crass, Moej-bath. Dulverton, East SC .I,d. SOUTHMOLTON 9 30 . Ei£K S'. David's, 7.15 , Rrampford -. rr.'on, Up Exe, Cadeleigh, X 7 53 , and Rampton. i-.rticolars soe bills. ilY L AM BERT, General Manager. D N L Y • J V Previous to REMOVAL TO NEW PREMISES tv WATERBEER-STREET. sf F.ALGAR CO., 0 IRONMONGERS, PALACE GATE, E X E T i£ H. W M. INGERSENT, CK AND RARE'gSOKSn GN AND COLONIAL COUPONS COLLECTED. HEDRAL YARD, EXETER. Estuiissni 1845 DEALER IN ANTIQUE PLATE. JEWELRY, AND PRECIOUS STONES. F G. HOI SON Late STONE , 36 37, HIGH-STREET, GIVES THE VALUE IN CASH FOR OLD JEWELRY, SILVER, PRECIOUS STONES, 0 . GOLD JEWELRY, GEM JEWELRY, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, HALL MARKED SILVER PLATE, BEST ELECTRO PLATT, AT LESS THAN STORE PRICES. PLATE REPAIRED A RESTORED AS SEW. SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO 1 ALL REPAIRS. All Goode Marked in Plain Figures Is our opinion the system of Workhouse management requires modification. Are the present officials from the Master and Matron to the gate porter, the proper grade of persone to employ ? Are the buildings laid out in suoh a manner as to permit of comfort and discipline ? Is the policy of employing paupers to look after paupers, wise ? We may look to the lady Guardians to enlighten the publio upon many points effecting Workhouse economies on which, at present, information is wanting. They will find ample scope for their energies, not in interfering with the Matron's work, but by regularly visiting at frequent periods they will be able to test tho quality of the food, the method of its cooking, and the manner in which it is served to the inmates, the condition in which the wards are kent, how the inmates are provided for, and the attention given to patients and pauper children always keeping in view the main point, that of raising them out of tho rut of pauperism. These are points for close study and attention. Beyond all these anticipations, however, rises tbe blaok oloud of expense. Money will be required to meet the re quirements and outlay. When the flush of novelty is over and the ratepayers begin to feel the pinch, those who are anxious now to claim credit for this and other sooial revolutions, as they are callod, will withdraw their pretensions. With the appearance of a long bill from the tax oolleotor they will vanish. Extra taxes being inevitable, it will be wise for the voters to support candidates who are likely to fulfil their promises,and thus beforehand secure tho ohance of a good return for the money they will be assuredly be called on to produoe. We cannot promise the Guardians of the future an easy task nor an enviable one, but we heartily wish them good speed. i Eva up to Date. By Royal Appointment to H.K.H. Tbe Prince of Wales I'AY. SON, HEWITTS 'PAGINAL and CELEBRATED UXBING AND CALVING REMEDIES. ~HE CHEMICAL EXTRACT Anoiotiokj aft-er Calving- and Lambing. Straining amd Preventing Gangrene, v Sore . Wounds.anJ Swolleu Udders. - '•ere ThroaU, Strains, and Rheumatism. Prirt, ft and ?• p?r bottle. THE RED DRENCH after limbing and Calving. ECZEMA SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPTIONS. To Caro Eczema, Skin Eruptions, Irritation, Fim-S les, Blotche , Ulcerated ad Legs, and Sores use CULLWICKS SKIN OINTMENT AND BLOOD TABLETS. World-wide reputation. Either Ointiaeut or Tablets, Is l£d, from all chemists or post free. Is 3d, from MARTIN, Chemist, SOUTHAMPTON. Agents-Broom and Reid, Chemists, 2, Queen-street, Kreker and Maurioa, 35, Bedforil-atreet Plymouth PUBLIC NOTICE. In future all communications for the Editor and Manager must be delivered to tho new offices of the Post, No. 29, Nobth-stbkbt, Exbtbr. June Uth. 1894. • hide Bound. Red Water, and Yellows. - i a. 7s. Fevers, and LoiaofCnd. J erettirg Milk Fever and Quarter 111. . kt j es Emi J3t yn io m Coses the gaseous fluid i' ''C-eral Debility in Stock. - - n Condition and Hoven or Blown, jr or Dlarrkica, and Cclic or Gripes. - , -gh Colds, nnd Lose of Appetite. ■ t. . pn bottle itus. per dozen. THE GASKODYNE Laudanum for Deadening Pain, r e Diarrhoet and lnllnenza. Taisieg in bad Lambing and Calving. 'liwmatoryColicandLung Disorders. ?n,v -j. 67. per bottle. AY, SON, HEWITTS Trewman's Flying Exeter Post. lambing CALVING CHESTS, CHESTS. s~.pltie, £1 JOs. Vi. tend AS Sf. 0d Comate Raid. ' ill F 1 Ml TATI Obi, AND EMCIS1LY ADDRESS-Not • Animal Medicine Manufactory, I tORSET-STREET. LONDON, W. kSlABLtSBBD OVER 5LXTY YEARS. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 8th. 1894. Thk polling m the Brigg Division yesterday has resulted iu a further loss to the Radicals of a seat, and a gain of one to the Tories, and this despite the most anxious eudeavouTs of the Radicals,.and tbe circumstance that the constituency was an agricultural one, There is, therefore, Evidence to be found in the result that downright hard work on the Unionist side and dauntless oourage and pertinacity up jto the last moment of polling is sufficient, i with the bad odiom into which the Radicals have fallen up and down tbe country, to secure a Tory victory. It is said that the division has boon worked by the Tories as it has never beeu worked before, and one of the most unrelenting agent9 of the party Mr. H. E. M. Bourke -has been aided by as united a band of workers as ever turned their faces to the foe. The result is all that could have been desired, tbe old Radical majority which in 1886 was 165, and which in 1892 had grown to 427, being j swept away and replaced by Tory I majority of 77. The effeot of this defeat ion the Government will be serious. At the I close of the general election in 1892 tbe Home Rule majority was 40. At the beginning of the present year it had dropped to 36 las month's defeat at Forfarshire brought it down to 34 to-day it stands at 32! A wretched enough majority with which to turn upaifU down par evtira Corutitwtion. nr A LOCAL LADY CONTRIBUTOR. Mrs. Mcllqaham, in her lecture on Women aDd the Parish Councils Act a copy of which lies before me , says It ia astenishing how slowly the male mind realizes that the opinion of women on questions affecting women ought to bs studied. To me there is still more cause for astonishment iu the fact that the female mind - so prone to jump at conclusions - has arrived at this point so slowly however, better late than never. She seems, at last, to be getting a grip of the situation as the immense interest roused amongst all classes of the community on the subject of the coming elections for Poor Law Guardians proves. Let us greet the unseen with a cheer, and let us, who are not bold enough-or shall I say it ? unselfish enough-to come forward-oiler our warmest thanks in general to the women candidates of England, with the Countess of Warwick at thetr head, and in particulars to our own especial candidates, whethersuccossful or unsuccessful at the poll. It is no bed of roses that they are preparing for themselves. They are fully conscious of the fact, although this is doubted, and one often is accosted with this remark, They'll never face the work, even if they go to the poll. Well, we shall see! I think the Modern Eve is a woman ready to adapt herself to tho needs and tendencies of the age, and I admire her, and the age has need of her, The Robins need her, and Les Miserables cannot do without her. With regard to the Modern Eve and her appearance among us at every turn, slie seems the embodiment of a great movement, a sort of XIX century Renaissance,-Tho New Birth, by which woman is entering into full possession of liersolf as man is said to have done tLree centuries before her. If she is to do any lasting good with her new pos session she mnst equip herself, as did the apostle of moderation.'' of the great Medieval movement-with quiet common sense, and loyalty to roasoa, and, thus equipped, let her energies-so long latent, or misapplied-be devoted to the solution of those special social problems with which men alone are unable to cope. Exeter is to be congratulated upoa her women leaders of the great educational side of the general movement, and we hope that very shortly there may be further cause for congratulations on another side. Meanwhile let us once more thank, and do all in our power to encourage, The Women Candi dates in their approaching contest. Once more let us greet the unseen with a cheer. And next week let us have a chat on some other topics incidental to The Modern Eve, for she is a many sided creature. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Devon and Exeter Hospital A Warning. Sir,-It having come to my knowledge that there are persons engaged in calling at houses in the city with cards, collecting on behalf of this institution, may I, through your columns, state that no one his been authorised by the committee or myself to thus solicit help for this hospital, and 1 ho e that if residents should he asked to give by this means they will band the person over to the police and communicate with me. Tbe Hospital is greatly in need of support at the present time, and any sum?, either for the Building Fund or the General Account, sent to ihs treasurer at the Exeter Bank or to myself will be most thankfully received and acknowledged. Gifts ill kind, such as articles of clothing for the poor patients, or vegetables, will also be of tbe greatest assistance. 1 am, Sir, yours verv truly, ALBERT E. BOYCE, Secretary. Craig-y-Don writes from Exmouth re specting a visit she recently paid to a local asylum, and, speaking generally, suggests that the best results in the treatment of the insane are obtained with kindness, quoting from tbe Rev. O. W. Montgomery. ■ hnt when yon go out of doors, Colds, 'eoughi, bronchial affections,,and-'tho-other ills that flesh is heir to in the nipping and foggy months would be largely reduced if 'people would remember that the mouth was not made to breaths through that function belongs to the nostrils olono, and defiance of Nature's prevision leads to untold troobles. Especially should this be guarded against immediately on emerging into the open air from a Warm or hot apart ment. If you baTe to say good-bye or good-night say it indoors, and don't talk at least till the body lias-becoms accustomed io its altered atmospherio surroundings. It is cheap advice, I know, but-paradox though it may srem-that does not make it the less valuable. I have also to dispose- of another yearly appeal-orange peel, Outdoor consumers of the golden coloured fruit Jiave began to strew the pavements with square and other inches of treachery, and I shall not be surprised to hear before long of an accident as a result of this thoughtless and dangerous practice. If oranges are investigated in the street let the rind be consigned, before or behind-I don't much mind-to the gntter, and not scattered in the path of people with limbs liable to fracture and evil thought! capable of being roused into animation, The report that Huckle II has ascended the Vigilance throne is said to be confirmed, but the evidence isnot direct, lie has, however,been described to.me. and for my own part I have no doubt that the total abstaining espionage ie still being carried on. In one public-house iu the higher part of the city recently, such a fellow as has been describsd commanced to write something in the bar, and as there were several people about talking, the landlord kindly invited him to a, seuri-private room. He went iu and remained there nearly two hours, and he didn't patronise the resources of the establish ment. As tho song has it. I don't say there's anything wrong, but still it looks rather suspicious. A very neat story is told by an Exeter clergyman of a recent experience of his own. Hewasgivingsomerudimentary instruction to a class of small children not particularly well educated, and was endeavouringto show them categorically the difference between Christian names and surnames. In this way - What is your name, my little boy? -Tommy Bartlett, eir. - Well you were a little Bartlett directly you were born, but you were not Tommy, because your mother hadn't the name ready for you. To another child What is your name, my little girl? -Litzie Smith, sir. - Well, you were a little Smith when you were born can you tell me what the Mayor of Exeter was when he was born? -The answer came with startling readiness A little celt, sir 1 The city has, at last, settled down in the matter of election of Guardians, and although seven out of the fifty persons nominated for the thirty seats have withdrawn their candidatures, fights will be waged in nine out of ten Wards, and let me point out that they will be fought on tolerably well-known ground. 1 offer my congratulations to Miss Harding on being returned unopposed with two other candidates to represent St. Sidwell'a Ward No. 2. This-is the only Ward in which contest bas been avoided. In St. Sidwell'a Ward, No. 1, it it to be regretted that the desire of the Conservative 8 to nominate only two candidates should have been frustrated by Mr. Barton Land's un • willingness to withdraw. In St. David's No. 2 Mr. Charles Piper and Mr. Upward will have the benefit of all the influence the name of Jaiman can lend. The Conservatives have excellent candidates in tho field in Messrs. Brewster, Kerslake old and tried members and Sidney Herbert alias H. S Thomas , and I have every confidence that they will receive the support of the majority of the electors. In St. David's No. 1 Mrs. Kindersloy's election is assumed, and with two such excellent candidates as Mr. Septimus Clarke -whose counsel on the old Board has been valuable-and Mr. William Easton, the Con servatives ought to havo no difficulty in lauding their men. Against them are pitted Mr. Littlejohns and Mr. J. J. Hopping the Chairman of the Radical party in the Ward -little known in public life. In St. Paul's Ward, Mr. Mnnro will stand, but has little chance against three such excellent candidates as Mrs. Finch, Mr. Hookway, and the Rev. W. Hope. Mr. J. W. Williams's popularity in St. Petrock's Ward, as evidenced by his election to the Town Council by a majority of about seventy over hi3 Radical opponents some twelve months ago, will stand him in good stead. His conduct on the old Board has qnite justified his selection as a candidate at this election. The withdrawals of Messrs, Chudley and Overnuss from the fight in St. Mary Major's leaves the Rev. Father Hobson lu wage war against the Conservative nominees-Mr. W. F. Moors who has had practical experience in Poor Law government and Mr.Hodson. The very little distinguishable difference between Hodson and Hobson will make it necessary for tho Conservatives to thoroughly impress the distinction upon the voters, but fortunately on the ballot paper the two Con -aervative names will dome together, and by this means it is hoped that the voters, if impressed to vote for the last three names on the official slip will avoid what otherwise might have led to mistakes. Lamale a C 449, or v ouoeatrated Diuretic mixture, is now acknowledges throughouttbe whole world as the mo9t marvellous remedy for affections of the Urinary organs. In 2oz doz and 6oz bottles at Is 9d, 3s and 4s 6J per parcel post, 2s, 3s 3d, and 4s 9d. J A. Lam bio, A.P.S. Chemist 22, Pembroke-ttroet Devoupart-Aosft With regard to Trinity No. 1, Mr. Gibbs one of the most practical members we have had on the old Board and Mr. Rippon ought to have an excellent and successful fighj and the Liberals of the Ward must decide amongst themselves whether they prefer Mr. Lawless or Miss Fetherick for the third member. Three of the Radical candidates nominated and Miss Pctherick have with drawn in Trinity No. 2. Jduch disappoint ment has been caused by Mr. Albert Edward Dunn's withdrawal, as many stalwart Con servatives in the two parishes would have liked to have broken a lance with him. The opposition in St. Leonard's to Miss-Geare, Mr Hamlin, ami Mr. Wilson can only be described as vexatious. Mr. Thomas Lofcheren, who has been nominated, has neither qualification or interest in the Ward. He is a resident of Holy Trinity, and there is apparently no other reason for his nomina tion than the official position he occupies under Mr. Jarmen in the Ratepayers' A sso-ciation. It is to be hoped the St. Leonard's people will rot hold their ad-ersary too cheaply, but that the usual precautions will be taken to giv a strong decisive expression of ftiling as to this unnecessary opposition. Grecian writes I am pleased to see that the £t. Sid well's Wayd Conservative Com-earaest'y taking up ttmeandidetore ~ of Metsre.-Sclaterr and Rice, Mr.Selater, -hry4 tho bye, is eno of be olde t o' ExeteiVJ gnardimiii,ifxi t tb fttei .NTa4s4oct atome 1 should be-ienffictent to ■ warrant bis being I ,xegi 4 however,-to notice that Mr. Barton L nd-has not seen fit to withdraw from the election, Suchactien is.not onlydamaglng to the .party? of which he isaenember, but will put the -city to needless expense. From all I hear ,the Ward Committee were extremely fair to Mr-Land, and he should honorably abide by the decision to which he agreed beforehand. I would strongly urge all voters wheareaaxioui tesce Messrs. Sclaterand Rice elected,to vote for those two gentlemen only, and so ensure their being at the head of the poll. Oaelady has been returned unopposed for St. Bidwells and why the Ladies'Committee took upon them selves to send two to the ward ie difficult to understand. At any rate one is said by the Ward Committee to be enough. Things are going merrily on in St. Thomae, with excellent prospects for the Conservatives there. Only one change has taken place since the commencement of the fight for seats on the District Connell, and that was announced on Wednesday, when Mr. John Harris, n well-known Ridlcal agent and agitator, issued his address as an independent candidate. Tbe cause of this is understood to be Mr, Harris's dis appointment at not having been orignally selected as one of the Radical candidates. His threats have thus fonnd expression in hie nomination in the so-called and misleading form of an independent, but I doubt whether this will have the effect of deceiving many of tbe electors. Mr, Harris's Radical and extreme ideas are too well known to the neighbourhood for the ratepayers to be gulled into any such belief. In all the Wards the Conservative canvassers have been well received, and there is every prospect of a satisfactory result. This has travelled up from Exmouth. A gentleman was waited upoa this week by an individual who presented him with a circular, with his own name at the foot, asking fo r support as a District Council candidate. And he hadn't even dreamt of such a thing I He at once had tbe circulars suppressed, bnt the information does not say whether he traced this unwarrantable liberty to its origin. Matters are becoming serious when a man's copyright in hie own signature is infringed in this fashion. Quite a number of communications have reached me respecting the Gossip para graph last wsek which referred to a dooument, of which I could makeinotbing and when I come to ' furbish up my memory a little I have a recollection of the author and his strangenesses. A gentleman who was on very frisndly terms with him says Dr. Rookes was an ordained clergyman of the Church of England, but he does not know whether he had obtained the d greo of doctor. On-occasionsMie conducted the services at St. Edmund's and St. Mary Steps. Although eccentric in most of his actions, he was extremely scmprulous over mosey matters, and never-allowed himself to be cheated. Memory writs with referencs to the subject - Jto the par in your notes of December 1st askiag for infor mation about tho leaflet referring to the Rrstorator, or-King offKings, it is doubtless one of the numeious bits of printed paper distributed by the Rev. Dr. Rookes, who not only advertised his claims in this way,bnt by a standing advertisement for some years in the Exetenpapers. 1 remember him well between 1852'and 1857 after which I left tho city , and ha used to attend the Assizes and endeavour to- address the Judges on his grievanees, but ivas always unsuccess ful, as their lordships were-made acquainted previously with his eccentricities. 1 believed be was disfrocked or inhibited ''for some reason, and this may have led to the mania he suffered under. He had a sort of idea that he was Jesus Christ, and that a temporal kingdom belonged to him, out of which his enemies wore keeping him, and thus he was continually claiming damages from all and sundry'' for the wrong done him. He was an intimate and associate with a Mr. Myers, a Jew, who for many years lived on the Alphington-road, in the large bouse opposite Pince'a Nursery shop, and they were often seen together in the public streets. Dr. Rookes was a curious character, well known at the time, but quite harmless. Both he and Mr. Myers passed over to the majority years ago. The same correspondent kindly sends me a copy of one of the Doctor's proclamations on a small card handed by Dr. Rookes him self to a young lady about forty years ago. The notice ran as follows -GOOD NEWS I JEHOVAH REIGNS I 5tefe be got at. On Ttranday next-not th week after, ,as stated o lint -hre-wiH give musical and drum a tic 'recital at the Bara-Beld Hall to connection ivHh ths 'Literary •Society, Tho programmed.? to.inclode .somo new and taking features,-chief among them Aieing a - musical sketch which, I hsar, is calculated-to put a Stoic on his mettle to keep his connting-house -if a Stoic is still existent. There ie sure to be a crowded auditorium -at the Barnficld Hall on Thurs day- it will be all Rice, and no rue. With reference to my paragraph last weok re the City Flag, the groat H.H. writes ra thus characteristically -Door ''Touchstone, -There is reslly nothing mysterious about the movements of my flag, although your pleasant uots ia last Saturday's issue suggests that something of the sort does exist ? When I brought the rescued banner homo from the World's Fair, Chicago, exactly a year ago to-day, it was exhibited at my studio for some little time and then went, with the rest of my exhibition belong ings, to Antwerp, to the International Exposition there. Proudly the whole season it fluttered aloft over the exhibit that won for my sons and self the gold medal at Chicago, and, in turn, gold and silver medals, too, at Antwerp. When on the 5th of last month with pageantry and with royalty the Belgian Exhibition closed I solemnly lowered Exeter's standard. It was a good job, too, that the Show closed when it did. The silk our civic ensign is made of is so utterly bad that the rag almost refused to held its own weight, and is so entirelv rotten that another month or two would, without a doubt, have seen it drop to the wound. You woDder where it is now ? Well, as a matter of fact, it ia hero iu my own sanctum, having just returned from ths deft hands of one of the cleverest of needlewomen. It has beeu entirely rebacked, from end to end, with new scarlet silk, and the thousand and one holes and the slits in it have been earo. fully and most cunningly mended, the whole of the frail and tattered trophy having beeu delicately stitched down upen the new silk back ing. Taken altogether, it is now one of the most wonderful specimens of delicate and patient needlework I ever raw in my life. To-day it goes to London to havo the painted additions put upon it. Immediately over the golden shoe of the conquering charger firmly implanted on the gory field of Exeter, t'.e , just above our city's arms, there will be painted World's Fair, Chicago, 1893, gold medal. and directly under the Lnckie Horseshoe crest, whith now supplants the crest of the city, will be painted - International Exposition, Antwerp, 1894. Gold and silver medal. In the ordinary courso it will be back here again in a week's time, and theu thequestionwill arise as to what its ultimate destination shall be. On this point I am qnite ready to accept sugges tioos for consideration. There arc several places andpcople who seem to have exceptionable daiins rtav Parish Church, tho Museum, and the Drill Hall of ths 1st R.V. are amongst the former and Dicky Dunn, Uncle Linseott, ant even Alderman Daw may be named amongst thi latter. However, on this at present 1 will say nothing. Those who live longest will see tha most. I don't tbink ths Town Council of Exeter will laugh mo to scorn again when next I offer them my help. What think you, dear Touch stone ? Yours obediently, Haui Hkus. Exeter, 7th December, 189U From the foregoing it would appear tha the banner is to be put to the use of an advertisement, and with all due respect for the genial carve.-, I must say that it is a step in advance of discretion. The flag ia the property of the city not of any individua or set of individuals. Don't forget that the 'eleventh annual exhibition of fat cattle, sheep, roots, live and dead poultry, batter, cream, and eggs in connection with the .Exeter Fat Stock and Poultry Society will be putting the Lowei Market to a good use on Friday next. Houb ten to ten, evening admission 6d. TOUCHSTONE. BRIGG ELECTION. I Conservative Victory. Another Nail in the Government Coffin. The result of yesterday's polling in the Brigg Division of Lincolnshire was mads known to-day as follows -RICHARDSON C 4,377 1 RECKITT G 4,300 Conservative majority 77 This is a gain of a seat to tbe Conservatives. Tho figures nt the two previous elections were as follows -1892. Wnddy Gj...... 4,448 Richardson C 4,021 Majority ... 427 The Conservative 1888. Waddy G 3,887 Richardson C 3,722 Majority... 165 organizers in the Division attributed the victory mainly to Mr. • Chamberlain's recant utterances on social questions and to the speeches and canvassing of numerous Ulster delegates. Our sporting correspendent telegraphs -The intelligence of Mr. Richardson's return , was received at Sandown Park this afternoon. L' 1 with marked satisfaction, Mr. Richardson having received the full support of the member of the newly formed Sporting League, the assistance of which undoubtedly turned the tide in his favour. RESTORATOR OB KING OF ALL KINGS, WHO IS COME, e. Ziox Hill, Exeter. Without prejudice, Jv. Son Nobis Damine, Sic. N.B. Negligence or delay about £100,000 per day. 8ee Imperial Proclamation at Guildhall, or County Court Office, c., Exeter. Approved by Judge Tyrrell, as Lord High Chancellor of all the World, E.G.S., icc., the Lord Chief Justice, E.G.S. Lord Northernhay, acting Premier of all the World, E.U.S., c. Tho Port Admiral of Plymouth, E G.S., Ac. tho Earl of Barns-bury, Ac. Wiukleigh, B.U.8., Ac., for the Western Circuit, Ac. Also by Captain' Hodgson, E.G.8., Ac. Ditto Inspector Hamilton Ditto Barnsbury, Ac. Since no one can da-e oppose the Bible ot Imperial Proclamation, Ac. I might add to Memory's reference to Mr. Myers that that gentleman's residence was known as Lion House. I remtmber a story which used to be told about it many years ago to tbe effect that for a long period it remained untenanted, nnd no one appeared to kuow who the owner was, but that Mr. Myers took possession and lived on the premises without, of course, paying any rent, and speculation used to be rife when the tale was told as to what he would do in the event of the real proprietor turning up. There was, however, no foundation for the legend, for 1 happeu to be acquainted with one to wham Mr. Myers showed his title deeds, and whom ho assured he had purchased the propsrty. Most, of my readers will remember that Mr. Myers had a son who was mentally afflicted, bnt quite harmless and inoffensive. He was a great pedestrian, and the gawio were accustomed to salute him, as he walked rapidly past in his long cloak, with fine day, Mr. Myers, to which the invariable reply was I haven't tasted it. It wiil perhaps bo a surprise to many who only saw him in tbe streets in his coarse gipsy attire to learn that l.e always dined in evening dress. • Telegrams from the far East report •that there will be a scarcity of rice in China. 'Not so in Exeter, for our own Harry Rica is more than ever in evidence, showing ns all tho latent laughter and bidden smiles that Daring Burglary. ' Next Door to a Police -Station, A burglary of a peculiarly daring and im pndent chaiacter was committed in High-street, Wandsworth, last night. The burglars obtained entrance to ths premises of Mr. Chambers, jeweller, and after forcing a couple of doors in a business-like manner nearly cleared the place of watches and jewellery. They then decamped with their booty, leaving behind them some high-class burglars' tools. The burgled premises are actually next door to the central divisional police station. Assaulting Plymouth Poiice. t Before the Plymouth magistrates this morning Robert Hutchins was charged with being disorderly and using profane and obsceno language in Newton - street. Charles Gilley was chatgei with obstructing the police and assaulting P.C.'s F armer and Westlake, and also with being drunk at ihe same place and time. Both prisoners were naval seamen, and on officer, in accordance with the general custom, gavethem both good characters.-P.C Pope stated that about 11.39 p.m. be arrestee Hutchings nnd the crowd jammed him u sgainst the wall. After a time he got bis mai away to durance vile. Meantime P.C, Farms had got hold of Gilley, who, however resisted with might and main. On lh wa prisoner violently kicked tbe constable about the lege, and also P.C. Westlake who came t assis - Hnttliings wis fined 5 nnd Gilley 20s, The money was pzid. TO-DAY'S RAUiNG. SANDOWN PARK CLUB DECEMBER MEETING Run at 1.0 Moore Place National Hunt Flat Kao . of 100 sovs. Two miles. Mr Archibald's Bowlegs Moncrieff 1 Mr Canon's Jason g Mr Hibbert's Hutton Conyers Thirlwel! 3 Also ran-Athlumney Betting-6 to 5 gst Hutton Conyers, II to 8 Jason, 7 to I Athlumney, 100 to 8 Bowlegs o . Won cleverly by a length and a half a bad third. Run at L39 Selling Stertlecwawi of 200 ears. Two miles. Mr ICscott'sBt Anthony ™.,Owner I Lord Chelsea's Lord Zetland .Mon el 2 Mr Hunt's King of the Gipsies Bar ker 3 Also ran-Ulysses,? Grape Vine, Bonghal ne Sloivc.Maidenbead.Glowworm.The Wiaard, Esher, Chip. Betting-5 to 2 ngst St Anthony, Bio The Wizard, Bouchal-Na-Slieve, 8 to I Grape Vine, 100 to 12 King of the Gipsies, 100 to ft Lord Zetland o . Woo a bard race by throe length a length separated second aod Ahiitd CCbMtmvod enpage S
[OCR_aligned] IKXETER FLYING POST. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8.- 183A-LESS THAN_ HALF PRICE@-K@MPM@M AND CO. HA@Y CLEAR!D A STOCK OK all WOOL DREES MATERIALS, BLACK AND COLORED, AT THE BLACK FANCY, Doable Width Dress, B_aCK and COLORED FANCY do. dm 1 BARGAINS FOR CHRISTMAS IN A N N D ABOVE REDUCTION. .1 Wool, 6iJ, worth Is URL do 12-id, worth 2e 6Jd. ALL DEPARTMENT.?. CO . , A P M A N 2 0 7, HICi II-STREET, EXETER FA ' ROYAL PUBLIC ROOMS. PKCEHBKR 19th. V DRESS BALL. isg Drbss Admissible ilv to those we@eiviD? invitation , @@@£le. 2s Doable, 3s Gd. u J Tickets c@m be obtained from @@@Jsmks. Mont-le-Grand. Tickets, Is and 6d, can be obtained H r Dresser, Arcade Matthkws, d Voooht, Alphiogton-street James' Post Office. THE BEST VALUE IN THE WEST OK ENGLAND For all kinds and qualities of TABLE KNIVES, POCKET KNIVES SCISSORS, RAZORS, AND STROPS, SPECTACLES, Ac.. Go to E. G. FOUR ACRES, the well-known Cutler, Optician, and Surgical Instrument Maker, WEST OF ENGLAND CUTLERY WORKS, 2, 3, South-Stkkkt, Exktku. OUTH AMERICAN @i@@lOXARY SOCIETY.@ -The archbishops op Canter-VoHK. BISHOP OK KXETER. CI. k.0. I I s E R M o N S r PrtAcSed on behalf of the Society @@@SUNDAY DEC. 9th, 1894. . the following Churches -Goli smith-stebet.-Morning, W E lu tk w Eveuiug, 6.30, Rev. M@@@ @a or.-Afternoon at 3, Children's -. Jlrv. W. Mart lew. ' v Moroine, 10.45. the Rector z. KeY. W@ E@ Mart lew. - k . in -ilorniug, 10.45, Rer. Canon ANNUAL MEETING@ i i.Ier Asso istion will he held D.V.1 HAULER HOUSE by tha kind u of the Dean and Chapter .@@@ MONDAY, DEC- 10th, 1894. @@F @@@. Canon Trefasis will take the chair i W. B. Martlew,Association Secretary, rad the meeting. - n w. be made in aid of the Fund@ of ' A rae day there will be a Celebration of . rnnir.cion m the Lady Chapel at@7-45 . prrice of Intercession at 4 p.m. Address will be given by the Rev. W. K. @n the Missions of the Society. W. HOPE, Hon. cec. Blunt Razors, Knives,Scissors, e., Scientifically Ground and Set to cat likr New, with prompt dispatch. Dinner Knives re-bladed as New. N B.-Spectacles and Eyeglasses to sui@ verybody at all Prices. t 80LE EXETER AGENCY FOR HENRY LA.URANC@KS IMPROVED SPECTACLES. HOME! DRESSMAKING. Madam, VET E are now offering by special ▼ Y retjueat a limited number of Skirts, including material and paper pattern, cut to measurement, for bodice from 25s, suitable tor winter and early spring wear. Soliciting the favour of an early visit, We beg to remain, Madam, Your obedient Servants, adie3 Dress Association, 17, Bedford Circus, Exeter. kB WESTERN RAILWAY. J LORD ROSEBERY TO DEVON PORT. r, 11th December, a Special Cheap i run to I evonport and Back, leav-TER 7.5 a.to., Seaton Junction ON@7.29, Sidmonth Junction 7.38, @@@7, Broadclyst 7.54, Pinhoe 8.0, KWtt Stm t 8.15, St. David's 8.20, . THE DITON 8.35, Yeoford 8.4A h Tawton 9 2,@Sarapford Court jnaj HAMPTON 9 18 a m. rvm DEVONPORT@at 11.10 p.m -ORATES, RANGES, STOVES, Tits thoughts of the elector, riapwrfeorat the country are not jbet new eaet'in the -direction of the Parliament House, J ut @we concentrated on the Poor-House, In the House of Commons, Demos has, of @1 1 years, been made use of by all sorts an# conditions of members. No doubt the working classes have a great claim upon the country. It is acknowledged that it ia not only the duty but the interest of society to eee that the industrious and the residuum should be well cared for. Our objection is to the methods used by certain politicians who trade on the wants of the people, and seek to climb into notoriety over their backs. Their ever@ lasting shout of The People-make way for the People! means ''Make way for us- h'e are the people. In the House of Commons, Demos is King, but in tbe other House ho is a thing of shreds and patches. Immediately poverty drives him to the Poor House his former friends know him no more. He hoe no longer a vote, and so his name is struck ofl the roll of the People. What consideration do bis former patrons show him ? 'What a ohange oomes over the scene. The man whose voioo but a little while ego assisted to swell the ohorus of popular clamour, whoso vote formed no mean element in forcing the tide to flow in the direction that suited his political tutors, lies neglected and forlorn. Instead of being, as be was led to believe, the salt of tbe earth, he discovers he is an inoumbrance. There are, of course, cases ondesorving of pity, but is not the fact of a man or woman applying for relief, in itself, too often considered evidenoe of unwortbinese ? That the question of tho treatment of the poor is on@ deserving of far more careful consideration than it has hitherto reoeived must be admitted, and although not sanguine that any important results will follow a more ohange of persons as guardians, we have faith that the intro@ duction of the lady element will produoe beneficial results. LOCAL v UQ88IP, Now that the cold weather is fairly set ln 1st me repeat the warning I have given in. returned at the tap of,the pell, several previous winters to keep yonr- month HEATING MANTELS. FOR TASH will be available to return o . 12th December, by any Tram, ot 1 1 extra. W i AS. SCOTTER, General Manager. @r@ T WESTERN RAILWAY @@@i @r ENGLAND FAT CATTLE AND Pul LTP.Y SHOW. E@l UK FAT STOCK SHOW. @@@@@■DA@ RETURN TICKETS will be PLYMOUTH, on WEDNESDAY', EP. I?th. from KXETBR at 7.10 am., trot 8 23, Dartmouth 6.47, Torquay rt .n 7.3. Kmifsbridgo 8.17 a m.@@@ @@URSDAY, DECEMBER 13, from at 8 10 a@ m , Moretouhampstead 7.20, , f.47, Bnxksm 6.55, Torquay 8.35. root 9 5, Ashburton 7.3, Kiugsbridge DAY. DECEMRER 14, to EXETER MOUTH at 6 30 and 9.10 a m., Ash-r.nd 9.50, Kiug.bridgt- 8.15. Totnes 1 '3. Dartmouth 5.47 and 9.25, 1 5 and 9 35, Torquay 7.27 and 10.8. ii ad 7 20, Newton Abbet 8.0 and lit, - from many other stations and@for tilirs tee bills. @@@@STAPLE FAT STOCK SHOW.@ 'HONKS DAY. DECEMBER 12, @@@v' DAY RETURN TICKETS will BARNSTAPLE from TAUNTON •'.-ton pjtzwarren, Milverton, Wivelis-Crass, Moej-bath. Dulverton, East SC .I,d. SOUTHMOLTON 9 30 . Ei£K S'. David's, 7.15 , Rrampford -. rr.'on, Up Exe, Cadeleigh, X 7 53 , and Rampton. i-.rticolars soe bills. ilY L AM BERT, General Manager. D N L Y • J V Previous to REMOVAL TO NEW PREMISES tv WATERBEER-STREET. sf F.ALGAR CO., 0 IRONMONGERS, PALACE GATE, E X E T i£ H. W M. INGERSENT, CK AND RARE'gSOKSn GN AND COLONIAL COUPONS COLLECTED. @@@HEDRAL YARD, EXETER. Estuiissni 1845 DEALER IN ANTIQUE PLATE. JEWELRY, AND PRECIOUS STONES. F G. HOI SON Late STONE , 36 37, HIGH-STREET, GIVES THE VALUE IN CASH FOR OLD JEWELRY, SILVER, PRECIOUS STONES, 0 . GOLD JEWELRY, GEM JEWELRY, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, HALL MARKED SILVER PLATE, BEST ELECTRO PLATT, AT LESS THAN STORE PRICES. PLATE REPAIRED A RESTORED AS SEW. SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TO 1 ALL REPAIRS.@@ All Goode Marked in Plain Figures Is our opinion the system of Workhouse management requires modification. Are the present officials from the Master and Matron to the gate porter, the proper grade of persone to employ ? Are the buildings laid out in suoh a manner as to permit of comfort and discipline ? Is the policy of employing paupers to look after paupers, wise ? We may look to the lady Guardians to enlighten the publio upon many points effecting Workhouse economies on which, at present, information is wanting. They will find ample scope for their energies, not in interfering with the Matron's work, but by regularly visiting at frequent periods they will be able to test tho quality of the food, the method of its cooking, and the manner in which it is served to the inmates, the condition in which the wards are kent, how the inmates are provided for, and the attention given to patients and pauper children always keeping in view the main point, that of raising them out of tho rut of pauperism. These are points for close study and attention. Beyond all these anticipations, however, rises tbe blaok oloud of expense. Money will be required to meet the re@ quirements and outlay. When the flush of novelty is over and the ratepayers begin to feel the pinch, those who are anxious now to claim credit for this and other sooial revolutions, as they are callod, will withdraw their pretensions. With the appearance of a long bill from the tax oolleotor they will vanish. Extra taxes being inevitable, it will be wise for the voters to support candidates who are likely to fulfil their promises,and thus beforehand secure tho ohance of a good return for the money they will be assuredly be called on to produoe. We cannot promise the Guardians of the future an easy task nor an enviable one, but we heartily wish them good speed. i Eva up to Date. By Royal Appointment to H.K.H. Tbe Prince of Wales I'AY. SON, HEWITT@S 'PAGINAL and CE@LEBRATED @UXBING AND CALVING REMEDIES. ~HE CHEMICAL EXTRACT Anoiotiokj aft-er Calving- and Lambing.@@@@ Straining amd Preventing Gangrene@@, v Sore . Wounds@.anJ Swolleu Udders. @- '•ere Throa@U, Strains, and Rheumatism. Prirt, ft and ?• p?r bottle. THE RED DRENCH after limbing and Calving. ECZEMA SOVEREIGN REMEDIES FOR SKIN ERUPTIONS.@ To Caro Eczema, Skin Eruptions, Irritation, Fim-S les, Blotche , Ulcerated @ad Legs, and Sores use CULLWICK@S SKIN OINTMENT AND BLOOD TABLETS. World-wide reputation. Either Ointiaeut or Tablets, Is l£d, from all chemists or post free. Is 3d, from MARTIN, Chemist, SOUTHAMPTON. Agents-Broom and Reid, Chemists, 2, Queen-@street, Kreker and Maurioa, 35, Bedforil-atreet Plymouth@ PUBLIC NOTICE. In future all communications for the Editor and Manager must be delivered to tho new offices of the Post, No. 29, Nobth-stbkbt, Exbtbr. June @Uth. 1894. • hide Bound. Red Water, and Yellows. - i a. 7s. Fevers, and LoiaofCnd. J erettirg Milk Fever and Quarter 111. . kt j es Emi J3t yn io m Coses the gaseous fluid i' ''C-eral Debility in Stock. @@@@- - n Condition and Hoven or Blown, jr or Dlarrkica, and Cclic or Gripes. - , -gh Colds, nnd Lose of Appetite. ■ t. . p@n bottle itus. per dozen. THE GASKODYNE Laudanum for Deadening Pain, @@r @@@@@e Diarrhoet and lnllnenza. @Taisieg in bad Lambing and Calving. 'liwmatory@Colic@and@Lung Disorders. @?n,v -j. 67. per bottle. @AY, SON, HEWITTS Trewman's Flying Exeter Post. lambing CALVING CHESTS, CHESTS. s~.pltie, £1 JOs. Vi. tend AS Sf. 0d Comate Raid. ' ill F 1 Ml TATI Obi, AND EMCIS1LY ADDRESS-Not • Animal Medicine Manufactory, @@I tORSET-STREET. LONDON, W. kSlABLtSBBD OVER 5LXTY YEARS. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 8th. 1894. Thk polling @m the Brigg Division yesterday has resulted iu a further loss to the Radicals of a seat, and a gain of one to the Tories, and this despite the most anxious eudeavouTs of the Radicals,.and tbe circumstance that the constituency was an agricultural one, There is, therefore, Evidence to be found in the result that downright hard work on the Unionist side and dauntless oourage and pertinacity up jto the last moment of polling is sufficient, i with the bad odiom into which the Radicals have fallen up and down tbe country, to secure a Tory victory. It is said that the division has boon worked by the Tories as it has never beeu worked before, and one of the most unrelenting agent9 of the party Mr. H. E. M. Bourke -has been aided by as united a band of workers as ever turned their faces to the foe. The result is all that could have been desired, tbe old Radical majority which in 1886 was 165, and which in 1892 had grown to 427, being j swept away and replaced by @@Tory I majority of 77. The effeot of this defeat ion the Government will be serious. At the I close of the general election in 1892 tbe Home Rule majority was 40. At the beginning of the present year it had dropped to 36 las@ month's defeat at Forfarshire brought it down to 34 to-day it stands at 32! A wretched enough majority with which to turn upaifU down par evtira Corutitwtion. nr A LOCAL LADY CONTRIBUTOR. Mrs. Mcllqaham, in her lecture on Women aDd the Parish Councils Act a copy of which lies before me , says It ia astenishing how slowly the male mind realizes that the opinion of women on questions affecting women ought to bs studied. To me there is still more cause for astonishment iu the fact that the female mind - so prone to jump at conclusions - has arrived at this point so slowly however, better late than never. She seems, at last, to be getting a grip of the situation as the immense interest roused amongst all classes of the community on the subject of the coming elections for Poor Law Guardians proves. Let us greet the unseen with a cheer, and let us, who are not bold enough-or shall I say it ? unselfish enough-to come forward-oiler our warmest thanks in general to the women candidates of England, with the Countess of Warwick at thetr head, and in particulars to our own especial candidates, whether@succossful or unsuccessful at the poll. It is no bed of roses that they are preparing for themselves. They are fully conscious of the fact, although this is doubted, and one often is accosted with this remark, They'll never face the work, even if they go to the poll. Well, we shall see! I think the Modern Eve is a woman ready to adapt herself to tho needs and tendencies of the age, and I admire her, and the age has need of her, The Robins need her, and Les Miserables cannot do without her. With regard to the Modern Eve and her appearance among us at every turn, slie seems the embodiment of a great movement, a sort of XIX century Renaissance,-@Tho New Birth, by which woman is entering into full possession of liersolf as man is said to have done tLree centuries before her. If she is to do any lasting good with her new pos@ session she mnst equip herself, as did the apostle of moderation.'' of the great Medieval movement-with quiet common sense, and loyalty to roasoa, and, thus equipped, let her energies-so long latent, or misapplied-be devoted to the solution of those special social problems with which men alone are unable to cope. Exeter is to be congratulated upoa her women leaders of the great educational side of the general movement, and we hope that very shortly there may be further cause for congratulations on another side. Meanwhile let us once more thank, and do all in our power to encourage, The Women Candi@ dates in their approaching contest. Once more let us greet the unseen with a cheer. And next week let us have a chat on some other topics incidental to The Modern Eve, for she is a many sided creature. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Devon and Exeter Hospital A Warning. Sir,-It having come to my knowledge that there are persons engaged in calling at houses in the city with cards, collecting on behalf of this institution, may I, through your columns, state that no one his been authorised by the committee or myself to thus solicit help for this hospital, and 1 ho e that if residents should he asked to give by this means they will band the person over to the police and communicate with me. Tbe Hospital is greatly in need of support at the present time, and any sum?, either for the Building Fund or the General Account, sent to ihs treasurer at the Exeter Bank or to myself will be most thankfully received and acknowledged. Gifts ill kind, such as articles of clothing for the poor patients, or vegetables, will also be of tbe greatest assistance. 1 am, Sir, yours verv truly, ALBERT E. BOYCE, Secretary. Craig-y-Don writes from Exmouth re@ specting a visit she recently paid to a local asylum, and, speaking generally, suggests that the best results in the treatment of the insane are obtained with kindness, quoting from tbe Rev. O. W. Montgomery. ■ hnt when yon go out of doors, Colds, 'eoughi, bronchial affections,,and-'tho-other ills that flesh is heir to in the nipping and foggy months would be largely reduced if 'people would remember that the mouth was not made to breaths through that function belongs to the nostrils olono, and defiance of Nature's prevision leads to untold troobles. Especially should this be guarded against immediately on emerging into the open air from a Warm or hot apart@ ment. If you baTe to say good@-@bye or good-night say it indoors, and don't talk at least till the body lias-becoms accustomed io its altered atmospherio surroundings. It is cheap advice, I know, but-paradox though it may srem-that does not make it the less valuable. I have also to dispose- of another yearly appeal-orange peel, Outdoor consumers of the golden coloured fruit Jiave began to strew the pavements with square and other inches of treachery, and I shall not be surprised to hear before long of an accident as a result of this thoughtless and dangerous practice. If oranges are investigated in the street let the rind be consigned, before or behind-I don't much mind-to the gntter, and not scattered in the path of people with limbs liable to fracture and evil thought! capable of being roused into animation, The report that Huckle II has ascended the Vigilance throne is said to be confirmed, but the evidence is@not direct, lie has, however,been described to.me. and for my own part I have no doubt that the total abstaining espionage ie still being carried on. In one public-house iu the higher part of the city recently, such a fellow as has been describsd commanced to write something in the bar, and as there were several people about talking, the landlord kindly invited him to a, seuri-private room. He went iu and remained there nearly two hours, and he didn't patronise the resources of the establish@ ment. As tho song has it. I don't say there's anything wrong, but still it looks rather suspicious. A very neat story is told by an Exeter clergyman of a recent experience of his own. He@was@giving@some@rudimentary instruction to a class of small children not particularly well educated, and was endeavouring@to show them categorically the difference between Christian names and surnames. In this way - What is your name, my little boy? -@Tommy Bartlett, eir. - Well you were a little Bartlett directly you were born, but you were not Tommy, because your mother hadn't the name ready for you. To another child What is your name, my little girl? -@Litzie Smith, sir. - Well, you were a little Smith when you were born can you tell me what the Mayor of Exeter was when he was born? -The answer came with startling readiness A little celt, sir 1 The city has, at last, settled down in the matter of election of Guardians, and although seven out of the fifty persons nominated for the thirty seats have withdrawn their candidatures, fights will be waged in nine out of ten Wards, and let me point out that they will be fought on tolerably well-known ground. 1 offer my congratulations to Miss Harding on being returned unopposed with two other candidates to represent St. Sidwell'a Ward No. 2. This-is the only Ward in which @@contest bas been avoided. In St. Sidwell'a Ward, No. 1, it it to be regretted that the desire of the Conservative 8 to nominate only two candidates should have been frustrated by Mr. Barton Land's un • willingness to withdraw. In St. David's No. 2 Mr. Charles Piper and Mr. Upward will have the benefit of all the influence the name of Jaiman can lend. The Conservatives have excellent candidates in tho field in Messrs. Brewster, Kerslake old and tried members and Sidney Herbert alias H. S@ Thomas , and I have every confidence that they will receive the support of the majority of the electors. In St. David's No. 1 Mrs. Kindersloy's election is assumed, and with two such excellent candidates as Mr. Septimus Clarke -whose counsel on the old Board has been valuable-and Mr. William Easton, the Con@ servatives ought to havo no difficulty in lauding their men. Against them are pitted Mr. Littlejohns and Mr. J. J. Hopping the Chairman of the Radical party in the Ward -little known in public life. In St. Paul's Ward, Mr. Mnnro will stand, but has little chance against three such excellent candidates as Mrs. Finch, Mr. Hookway, and the Rev. W. Hope. Mr. J. W. Williams's popularity in St. Petrock's Ward, as evidenced by his election to the Town Council by a majority of about seventy over hi3 Radical opponents some twelve months ago, will stand him in good stead. His conduct on the old Board has qnite justified his selection as a candidate at this election. The withdrawals of Messrs, Chudley and Overnuss from the fight in St. Mary Major's leaves the Rev. Father Hobson lu wage war against the Conservative nominees-Mr. W. F. Moors who has had practical experience in Poor Law government and Mr.Hodson. The very little distinguishable difference between Hodson and Hobson will make it necessary for tho Conservatives to thoroughly impress the distinction upon the voters, but fortunately on the ballot paper the two Con -aervative names will dome together, and by this means it is hoped that the voters, if impressed to vote for the last three names on the official slip will avoid what otherwise might have led to mistakes. Lamale a C 449, or v ouoeatrated Diuretic mixture, is now acknowledges throughout@tbe whole world as the mo9t marvellous remedy for affections of the Urinary organs. In 2oz doz and 6oz bottles at Is 9d, 3s@ and 4s 6J per parcel post, 2s, 3s 3d, and 4s 9d. J A. Lam bio, A.P.S. Chemist 22, Pembroke-ttroet Devoupart-Aosft With regard to Trinity No. 1, Mr. Gibbs one of the most practical members we have had on the old Board and Mr. Rippon ought to have an excellent and successful fighj and the Liberals of the Ward must decide amongst themselves whether they prefer Mr. Lawless or Miss Fetherick for the third member. Three of the Radical candidates nominated and Miss Pctherick have with@ drawn in Trinity No. 2. Jduch disappoint@ ment has been caused by Mr. Albert Edward Dunn's withdrawal, as many stalwart Con@ servatives in the two parishes would have liked to have broken a lance with him. The opposition in St. Leonard's to Miss-@Geare, Mr@ Hamlin, ami Mr. Wilson can only be described as vexatious. Mr. Thomas Lofcheren, who has been nominated, has neither qualification or interest in the Ward. He is a resident of Holy Trinity, and there is apparently no other reason for his nomina@ tion than the official position he occupies under Mr. Jarmen in the Ratepayers' A sso-@ciation. It is to be hoped the St. Leonard's people will rot hold their ad-ersary too cheaply, but that the usual precautions will be taken to giv@ a strong decisive expression of ftiling as to this unnecessary opposition. Grecian writes I am pleased to see that the £t. Sid well's Wayd Conservative Com-earaest'y taking up t@tmeandidetore ~ of Metsre.-Sclaterr and Rice, Mr.Selater, -hry4 tho bye, is eno of @be olde t o' ExeteiVJ gnardimiii,ifxi t tb fttei .NTa4s4oct atome 1 should be-ienffictent to ■ warrant bis being I ,xegi 4 however,-to notice that Mr. Barton L nd-has not seen fit to withdraw from the election@, Such@actien is.not only@damaglng to the .party? of which he is@aenember, but will put the -city to needless expense. From all I hear ,the Ward Committee were extremely fair to Mr-@Land, and he should honorably abide by the decision to which he agreed beforehand. I would strongly urge all voters wh@eare@aaxioui t@esce Messrs. Sclater@and Rice elected,to vote for those two gentlemen only, and so ensure their being at the head of the poll. Oaelady has been returned unopposed for St. Bidwells and why the Ladies'@Committee took upon them@ selves to send two to the ward ie difficult to understand. At any rate one is said by the Ward Committee to be enough. Things are going merrily on in St. Thomae, with excellent prospects for the Conservatives there. Only one change has taken place since the commencement of the fight for seats on the District Connell, and that was announced on Wednesday, when Mr. John Harris, n well-known Ridlcal agent and agitator, issued his address as an independent candidate. Tbe cause of this is understood to be Mr, Harris's dis@ appointment at not having been orignally selected as one of the Radical candidates. His threats have thus fonnd expression in hie nomination in the so-called and misleading form of an independent, but I doubt whether this will have the effect of deceiving many of tbe electors. Mr, Harris's Radical and extreme ideas are too well known to the neighbourhood for the ratepayers to be gulled into any such belief. In all the Wards the Conservative canvassers have been well received, and there is every prospect of a satisfactory result. This has travelled up from Exmouth. A gentleman was waited upoa this week by an individual who presented him with a circular, with his own name at the foot, asking fo r support as a District Council candidate. And he hadn't even dreamt of such a thing I He at once had tbe circulars suppressed, bnt the information does not say whether he traced this unwarrantable liberty to its origin. Matters are becoming serious when a man's copyright in hie own signature is infringed in this fashion. Quite a number of communications have reached me respecting the Gossip para@ graph last wsek which referred to a dooument, of which I could makeinotbing and when I come to ' furbish up my memory a little I have a recollection of the author and his strangenesses. A gentleman who was on very frisndly terms with him says Dr. Rookes was an ordained clergyman of the Church of England, but he does not know whether he had obtained the d greo of doctor. On-occasionsMie conducted the services at St. Edmund's and St. Mary Steps. Although eccentric in most of his actions, he was extremely scmprulous over mosey matters, and never-allowed himself to be cheated. Memory writ@s with referencs to the subject - Jto the par in your notes of December 1st askiag for infor@ mation about tho leaflet referring to the Rrstorator, or-King offKings, it is doubtless one of the numeious bits of printed paper distributed by the Rev. Dr. Rookes, who not only advertised his claims in this way,@bnt by a standing advertisement for some years in the Exete@npapers. 1 remember him well between 1852'and 1857 after which I left tho city , and ha used to attend the Assizes and endeavour to- address the Judges on his grievanees, but ivas always unsuccess@ ful, as their lordships were-made acquainted previously with his eccentricities. 1 believed be was disfrocked or inhibited ''for some reason, and this may have led to the mania he suffered under. He had a sort of idea that he was Jesus Christ, and that a temporal kingdom belonged to him, out of which his enemies wore keeping him, and thus he was continually claiming damages from all and sundry'' for the wrong done him. He was an intimate and associate with a Mr. Myers, a Jew, who for many years lived on the Alphington-road, in the large bouse opposite Pince'a Nursery shop, and they were often seen together in the public streets. Dr. Rookes was a curious character, well known at the time, but quite harmless. Both he and Mr. Myers passed over to the majority years ago. The same correspondent kindly sends me a copy of one of the Doctor's proclamations on a small card handed by Dr. Rookes him@ self to a young lady about forty years ago. The notice ran as follows -@GOOD NEWS I JEHOVAH REIGNS I 5tefe be got at. On Ttranday next-not th week after, ,as stated o lint -hre-wi@H give@@ musical and drum a tic 'recital at the Bara-@Beld Hall to connection ivHh ths 'Literary •Society, Tho programmed.? to.inclode .somo new and taking features,-chief among them Aieing a - musical sketch which, I hsar, is calculated-to put a Stoic on his mettle to keep his connting-house -if a Stoic is still existent. There ie sure to be a crowded auditorium -at the Barnficld Hall on Thurs@ day- it will be all Rice, and no rue. With reference to my paragraph last weok re the City Flag, the groat H.H. writes ra thus characteristically -Door ''Touchstone, -There is reslly nothing mysterious about the movements of my flag, although your pleasant uots ia last Saturday's issue suggests that something of the sort does exist ? When I brought the rescued banner homo from the World's Fair, Chicago, exactly a year ago to-day, it was exhibited at my studio@ for some little time and then went, with the rest of my exhibition belong@ ings, to Antwerp, to the International Exposition there. Proudly the whole season it fluttered aloft over the exhibit that won for my sons and self the gold medal at Chicago, and, in turn, gold and silver medals, too, at Antwerp. When on the 5th of last month with pageantry and with royalty the Belgian Exhibition closed I solemnly lowered Exeter's standard. It was a good job, too, that the Show closed when it did. The silk our civic ensign is made of is so utterly bad that the rag almost refused to held its own weight, and is so entirelv rotten that another month or two would, without a doubt, have seen it drop to the @wound. You woDder where it is now ? Well, as a matter of fact, it ia hero iu my own sanctum, having just returned from ths deft hands of one of the cleverest of needlewomen. It has beeu entirely rebacked, from end to end, with new scarlet silk, and the thousand and one holes and the slits in it have been earo. fully and most cunningly mended, the whole of the frail and tattered trophy having beeu delicately stitched down upen the new silk back@ ing. Taken altogether, it@ is now one of the most wonderful specimens of delicate and patient needlework I ever raw in my life. To-day it goes to London to havo the painted additions put upon it. Immediately over the golden shoe of the conquering charger firmly implanted on the gory field of Exeter, t'.e , just above our city's arms, there will be painted World's Fair, Chicago, 1893, gold medal. and directly under the Lnckie Horseshoe crest, whith now supplants the crest of the city, will be painted - International Exposition, Antwerp, 1894. Gold and silver medal. In the ordinary courso it will be back here again in a week's time, and theu the@question@will arise as to what its ultimate destination shall be. On this point I am qnite ready to accept sugges@ tioos for consideration. There arc several places and@pcople who seem to have exceptionable daiins rtav Parish Church, tho Museum, and the Drill Hall of ths 1st R.V. are amongst the former and Dicky Dunn, Uncle Linseott, ant even Alderman Daw may be named amongst thi latter. However, on this at present 1 will say nothing. Those who live longest will see tha most. I don't tbink ths Town Council of Exeter will laugh mo to scorn again when next I offer them my help. What think you, dear Touch@ stone ? Yours obediently, Ha@ui Hkus. Exeter, 7th December, 189@U From the foregoing it would appear tha@ the banner is to be put to the use of an advertisement, and with all due respect for the genial carve.-, I must say that it is a step in advance of discretion. The flag ia the property of the city not of any individua or set of individuals. Don't forget that the 'eleventh annual exhibition of fat cattle, sheep, roots, live and dead poultry, batter, cream, and eggs in connection with the .Exeter Fat Stock and Poultry Society will be putting the Lowei Market to a good use on Friday next. Houb ten to ten, evening admission 6d. TOUCHSTONE. BRIGG ELECTION. I Conservative Victory. Another Nail in the Government Coffin. The result of yesterday's polling in the Brigg Division of Lincolnshire was mads known to-day as follows -RICHARDSON C 4,377 1 RECKITT G 4,300 @Conservative majority@@@@@@ 77 This is a gain of a seat to tbe Conservatives. Tho figures nt the two previous elections were as follows -1892. Wnddy Gj...... 4,448 Richardson C 4,021 @Majority ... 427 The Conservative 1888. Waddy G@@@@@@@ 3,887 Richardson C 3,722 @Majority@... 165 organizers in the Division attributed the victory mainly to Mr. • Chamberlain's recant utterances on social questions and to the speeches and canvassing of numerous Ulster delegates. Our sporting correspendent telegraphs -The intelligence of Mr. Richardson's return , was received at Sandown Park this afternoon. L' 1 with marked satisfaction, Mr. Richardson having received the full support of the member@ of the newly formed Sporting League, the assistance of which undoubtedly turned the tide in his favour. RESTORATOR OB KING OF ALL KINGS, WHO IS COME, e. Ziox Hill, Exeter. Without prejudice, Jv. Son Nobis Damine, Sic. N.B. Negligence or delay about £100,000 per day. 8ee Imperial Proclamation at Guildhall, or County Court Office, c., Exeter. Approved by Judge Tyrrell, as Lord High Chancellor of all the World, E.G.S., icc., the Lord Chief Justice, E.G.S. Lord Northernhay, acting Premier of all the World, E.U.S., c. Tho Port Admiral of Plymouth, E G.S., Ac. tho Earl of Barns-@bury, Ac. Wiukleigh, B.U.8., Ac., for the Western Circuit, Ac. Also by Captain' Hodgson, E.G.8., Ac. Ditto Inspector Hamilton Ditto Barnsbury, Ac. Since no one can da-e oppose the Bible ot Imperial Proclamation, Ac. I might add to Memory's reference to Mr. Myers that that gentleman's residence was known as Lion House. I remtmber a story which used to be told about it many years ago to tbe effect that for a long period it remained untenanted, nnd no one appeared to kuow who the owner was, but that Mr. Myers took possession and lived on the premises without, of course, paying any rent, and speculation used to be rife when the tale was told as to what he would do in the event of the real proprietor turning up. There was, however, no foundation for the legend, for 1 happeu to be acquainted with one to wham Mr. Myers showed his title deeds, and whom ho assured he had purchased the propsrty. Most, of my readers will remember that Mr. Myers had a son who was mentally afflicted, bnt quite harmless and inoffensive. He was a great pedestrian, and the gawio@ were accustomed to salute him, as he walked rapidly past in his long cloak, with fine day, Mr. Myers, to which the invariable reply was I haven't tasted it. It wiil perhaps bo a surprise to many who only saw him in tbe streets in his coarse gipsy attire to learn that l.e always dined in evening dress. • Telegrams from the far East report •that there will be a scarcity of rice in China. 'Not so in Exeter, for our own Harry Rica is more than ever in evidence, showing ns all tho latent laughter and bidden smiles that Daring Burglary. ' Next Door to a Police -Station, A burglary of a peculiarly daring and im@ pndent chaiacter was committed in High-@street, Wands@worth, last night. The burglars obtained entrance to ths premises of Mr. Chambers, jeweller, and after forcing a couple of doors in a business-like manner nearly cleared the place of watches and jewellery. They then decamped with their booty, leaving behind them some high-@class burglars' tools. The burgled premises are actually next door to the central divisional police station. Assaulting Plymouth Poiice. t Before the Plymouth magistrates this morning Robert Hutchins was charged with being disorderly and using profane and obsceno language in Newton - street. Charles Gilley was chatgei with obstructing the police and assaulting P.C.'s F armer and Westlake, and also with being drunk at ihe same place and time. Both prisoners were naval seamen, and on officer, in accordance with the general custom, gavethem both good characters.-P.C Pope stated that about 11.39 p.m. be arrestee Hutchings nnd the crowd jammed him u sgainst the wall. After a time he got bis mai away to durance vile. Meantime P.C, Farms had got hold of Gilley, who, however resisted with might and main. On lh@ wa prisoner violently kicked tbe constable about the lege, and also P.C. Westlake who came t assis - Hnttliings wis fined 5@ nnd Gilley 20s, The money was pzid. TO-DAY'S RAUiNG. SANDOWN PARK CLUB DECEMBER MEETING Run at 1.0 Moore Place National Hunt Flat Kao . of 100 sovs. Two miles. Mr Archibald's Bowlegs Moncrieff 1 Mr Canon's Jason g Mr Hibbert's Hutton Conyers @@@@@@Thirlwel! 3 Also ran-Athlumney Betting-6 to 5 @gst Hutton Conyers, II to 8 Jason, 7 to I Athlumney, 100 to 8 Bowlegs o . Won cleverly by a length and a half a bad third. Run at L39 Selling Stertlecwawi of 200 ears. Two miles. Mr ICscott's@Bt Anthony ™.,Owner I Lord Chelsea's Lord Zetland .Mon el 2 Mr Hunt's King of the Gipsies @@@@@@Bar ker 3 Also ran-Ulysses,? Grape Vine, Bonghal ne Sloivc.Maidenbead.Glowworm.The Wiaard, Esher, Chip. Betting-5 to 2 ngst St@ Anthony, @Bio The Wizard, Bouchal-Na-Slieve, 8 to I Grape Vine, 100 to 12 King of the Gipsies, 100 to ft Lord Zetland o . Woo a bard race by throe length@ a length separated second aod Ahiitd CCbMtmvod en@page S
[ GS_aligned] ##################################################### THAN@ HALF PRICE. KNAPMAN AND CO. HAVE CLEARED A STOCK OF ALL WOOL DRESS MATERIALS, BLACK AND COLORED, AT ######### FANCY, Double Width Dress, ########################################################################################################################################## ##################################################### EXETER@@@@. ROYAL PUBLIC ROOMS. ################ DRESS BALL. ########################### those receiving invitation , Single. 2s Double, 3s ############### can be obtained from W. JAMES, Mont-le-Grand. Tickets, 1s and 6d, can be ############ Dresser, Arcade ################### ######################## Post ########################################################### and qualities of TABLE KNIVES, POCKET KNIVES SCISSORS, RAZORS, AND STROPS, SPECTACLES, @c., Go to E. G. #################################################################################################################################################### MISSIONARY SOCIETY. ######################################## OF EXETER, ##################################### on behalf of the Society ON SUNDAY DEC. 9th, ####################################################################### Evening, 6.30, Rev. MARY MAJOR.-Afternoon at 3, ###################### ###################### 10.45. the ############## W. E. ############################# 10.45, Rev. ############ MEETING #################### will be held ############ HOUSE by the ######### the Dean and Chapter . ON MONDAY, DEC. 10th, 1894. The Rev. Canon Trefusis will take the ########## E. Martlew,Association Secretary, ### the meeting. ###### be made in aid of the Funds ########## day there will be a Celebration of ############## the Lady Chapel at ############# of Intercession at 4 p.m. Address will be given by the Rev. ##### on the Mission@ of the Society. W. HOPE, Hon. ###################################################### Ground and Set to cut like New, with prompt dispatch. Dinner Knives re-bladed as New. N.B.-Spectacles and Eyeglasses to suit verybody at all Prices.@@ SOLE EXETER AGENCY FOR HENRY LA@URANCE'S IMPROVED SPECTACLES. HOME@ DRESSMAKING. MADAM, @@W E are now o@ﬀering by special @@@@re@quest a limited number of Skirts, including material and paper pattern, cut to measurement, for bodice from 25s, suitable for winter and early spring wear. Soliciting the favour of an early visit, We beg to remain, Madam, Your obedient Servants, ############################ Bedford Circus, ############################################################# 11th December, a Special ########### to @Devonport and Back, ############ a.@m., Seaton ########### 7.29, Sidmouth Junction 7.38, 7.47, Broadclyst 7.54, Pinhoe ############### 8.15, St. David's 8.20, ########### 8.35, Yeoford ############# 9.2, Sa@mpford ################## 9.18 ######## DEVONPORT at 11.10 p.m ################################################################################### not just now cast in the @direction of the Parliament House, @but are concentrated on the Poor House. In the House of Commons, Demos has, of late years, been made use of by all sorts and conditions of members. No doubt the working classes have a great claim upon the country. It is acknowledged that it is not only the duty but the interest of society to see that the industrious and the residuum should be well cared for. Our objection is to the methods used by certain politicians who trade on the wants of the people, and seek to climb into notoriety over their backs. Their ever- lasting shout of The People-make way for the People! means @@Make way for us-@@We are the people. In the House of Commons, Demos is King, but in the other House he is a thing of shreds and patches. Immediately poverty drives him to the Poor House his former friends know him no more. He has no longer a vote, and so his name is struck o@ﬀ the roll of the People. What consideration do his former patrons show him@? @What a change comes over the scene. The man whose voice but a little while ago assisted to swell the chorus of popular clamour, whose vote formed no mean element in forcing the tide to @ﬂow in the direction that suited his political tutors, lies neglected and forlorn. Instead of being, as he was led to believe, the salt of the earth, he discovers he is an incumbrance. There are, of course, cases undeserving of pity, but is not the fact of a man or woman applying for relief, in itself, too often considered evidence of unworthines@s? That the question of the treatment of the poor is one deserving of far more careful consideration than it has hitherto received must be admitted, and although not sanguine that any important results will follow a more change of persons as guardians, we have faith that the intro- duction of the lady element will produce bene@ﬁcial results. ######################################################################################################################### ############ ########################################################################### be available to return ######## December, by any ########################### SCOTTER, General Manager. GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY TEST OF ENGLAND FAT CATTLE AND P@OULT@RY ##### EXETER FAT STOCK SHOW. CHEAP DAY RETURN TICKETS will be PLYMOUTH, on WEDNESDAY@, ######### from EXETER at 7.10 ############### Dartmouth 6.47, ################## K@ingbridge 8.17 a.m. On THURSDAY, DECEMBER 13, from at 8.10 a. m., Moretonhampstead #################### 6.55, Torquay ########## 9.5, Ashburton 7.3, ################ DECEMBER 14, to ############ at 6.30 and 9.10 a.m., ############## Kingsbridg@e 8.15, ############ Dartmouth 6.27 and 9.25, ####### 9.35, Torquay 7.27 and ########### 7.20, Newton Abbot 8.0 ############### many other stations and ########## see bills. BARNSTAPLE FAT STOCK SHOW. ############ DECEMBER 12, CHEAP DAY RETURN TICKETS ############### from TAUNTON ####### Fitzwarren, Milverton, ############## Mo@rebath, Dulverton, East ######## SOUTHMOLTON 9.30 ################### 7.15 , Brampford ########## Up Exe, Cadeleigh, ###### , and ##################### sae bills. HY. L@AM@BERT, General Manager. ################################# TO NEW PREMISES IN WATERBEER-STREET. @F@. ################################ ######################################################### AND COLO@IAL COUPONS COLLECTED. CATHEDRAL YARD, EXETER. ###################################################################### F G. HO@DSON Late STONE . 36 37, HIGH-STREET, GIVES THE VALUE IN CASH FOR OLD JEWELRY, SILVER, PRECIOUS STONES, @c. GOLD JEWELRY, GEM JEWELRY, ENGAGEMENT RINGS, HALL MARKED SILVER PLATE, BEST ELECTRO PLATE, AT LESS THAN STORE PRICES. PLATE REPAIHED@@ RESTORED AS NEW. SPECIAL ATTENTION GIVEN TOTO ALL REPAIRS. ☞ All Goods Marked in Plain ################################################################## modi@ﬁcation. Are the present o@ﬀicials from the Master and Matron to the gate porter, the proper grade of persons to employ@? Are the buildings laid out in such a manner as to permit of comfort and discipline@? Is the policy of employing paupers to look after paupers, wise@? We may look to the lady Guardians to enlighten the public upon many points @aﬀecting Workhouse economies on which, at present, information is wanting. They will @ﬁnd ample scope for their energies, not in interfering with the Matron's work, but by regularly visiting at frequent periods they will be able to test the quality of the food, the method of its cooking, and the manner in which it is served to the inmates, the condition in which the wards are kept, how the inmates are provided for, and the attention given to patients and pauper children always keeping in view the main point, that of raising them out of the rut of pauperism. These are points for close study and attention. Beyond all these anticipations, however, rises the black cloud of expense. Money will be required to meet the re- quirements and outlay. When the @ﬂush of novelty is over and the ratepayers begin to feel the pinch, those who are anxious now to claim credit for this and other social revolutions, as they are called, will withdraw their pretensions. With the appearance of a long bill from the tax collector they will vanish. Extra taxes being inevitable, it will be wise for the voters to support candidates who are likely to ful@ﬁl their promises,and thus beforehand secure the chance of a good return for the money they will be assuredly be called on to produce. We cannot promise the Guardians of the future an easy task nor an enviable one, but we heartily wish them good speed.@@ Eve up to Date. BY ############################################### @DAY, SON, HEWITT'S ORIGINAL AND CELLEBRATED LAMBING AND CALVING REMEDIES. THE CHEMICAL EXTRACT Anointi@ng aft@er Calving@ and Lambing. For Straining and Preventing Gangrene. ########## Wounds, and Swollen Udders. For Sore Throats, Strains, and Rheumatism. ############# 7s per bottle. THE RED DRENCH after Lambing and Calving. ############################################# ######## Eczema, Skin Eruptions, Irritation, Pim- ples, Blotches, Ulcerated Bad Legs, and Sores use CULLWICK'S SKIN OINTMENT AND BLOOD TABLETS. World-wide reputation. Either Oint@ment or Tablets, 1s 1½d, from all chemists or post free, 1s 3d, from MARTIN, Chemist, SOUTHAMPTON. Agents-Broom and Reid, Chemists, 2, Queen- street, Exeter and Maurice, 35, Bedfor@d-street Plymouth. PUBLIC NOTICE. In future all communications for the Editor and Manager must be delivered to the new o@ﬀices of the Post, No. 29, ##################### June 11th. ################################################################################################################################################################################## Debility in Stock. Cures Low Condition and Hoven or ####################### and Colic or Gripes. ####### Colds, and Loss of Appetite. ###### per bottle @20s. per dozen. THE ################## for Deadening Pain. For Severe Diarrhoea and ########### Paining in bad Lambing and ################### Colic and Lung Disorders. Price 3s. 6d. per bottle. DAY, SON, ######################################################################################################################################################################### Animal Medicine Manufactory, 22, DORSET-STREET, LONDON, W. ESTABLISHED OVER SIXTY YEARS. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8TH, 1894. THE polling in the Brigg Division yesterday has resulted in a further loss to the Radicals of a seat, and a gain of one to the Tories, and this despite the most anxious endeavours of the Radicals, and the circumstance that the constituency was an agricultural one. There is, therefore, evidence to be found in the result that downright hard work on the Unionist side and dauntless courage and pertinacity up @to the last moment of polling is su@ﬀicient, @@with the bad odiom into which the Radicals have fallen up and down the country, to secure a Tory victory. It is said that the division has been worked by the Tories as it has never been worked before, and one of the most unrelenting agents of the party Mr. H. E. M. Bourke @has been aided by as united a band of workers as ever turned their faces to the foe. The result is all that could have been desired, the old Radical majority which in 1886 was 165, and which in 1892 had grown to 427, being @@swept away and replaced by a Tory @@majority of 77. The e@ﬀect of this defeat @on the Government will be serious. At the @@close of the general election in 1892 the Home Rule majority was 40. At the beginning of the present year it had dropped to 36 last month's defeat at Forfarshire brought it down to 34 to-day it stands at 32! A wretched enough majority with which to turn upside down our entire ########################################################## in her lecture on Women and the Parish Councils Act a copy of which lies before me , says It is astonishing how slowly the male mind realizes that the opinion of women on questions a@ﬀecting women ought to be studied. To me there is still more cause for astonishment in the fact that the female mind -@so prone to jump at conclusions -@has arrived at this paint so slowly however, better late than never. She seems, at last, to be getting a grip of the situation as the immense interest roused amongst all classes of the community on the subject of the coming elections for Poor Law Guardians proves. Let us greet the unseen with a cheer, and let us, who are not bold enough-or shall I say it@? unsel@ﬁsh enough-to come forward-o@ﬀer our warmest thanks in general to the women candidates of England, with the Countess of Warwick at their head, and in particulars to our own especial candidates, whether successful or unsuccessful at the poll. It is no bed of roses that they are preparing for themselves. They are fully conscious of the fact, although this is doubted, and one often is accosted with this remark, They'll never face the work, even if they go to the poll. Well, we shall see! I think the Modern Eve is a woman ready to adapt herself to the needs and tendencies of the age, and I admire her, and the age has need of her, The Robins need her, and Les Miserables cannot do without her. With regard to the Modern Eve and her appearance among us at every turn, s@he seems the embodiment of a great movement, a sort of XIX century Renaissance,- The New Birth, by which woman is entering into full possession of @herself as man is said to have done three centuries before her. If she is to do any lasting good with her new pos- session she must equip herself, as did the apostle of moderation.@@ of the great Medieval movement-with quiet common sense, and loyalty to reason, and, thus equipped, let her energies-so long latent, or misapplied-be devoted to the solution of those special social problems with which men alone are unable to cope. Exeter is to be congratulated upon her women leaders of the great educational side of the general movement, and we hope that very shortly there may be further cause for congratulations on another side. Meanwhile let us once more thank, and do all in our power to encourage, The Women Candi- dates in their approaching contest. Once more let us greet the unseen with a cheer. And next week let us have a chat on some other topics incidental to The Modern Eve, for she is a many sided creature. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Devon and Exeter Hospital A Warning. Sir,-It having come to my knowledge that there are persons engaged in calling at houses in the city with cards, collecting on behalf of this institution, may I, through your columns, state that no one has been authorised by the committee or myself to thus solicit help for this hospital, and I hope that if residents should be asked to give by this means they will band the person over to the police and communicate with me. The Hospital is greatly in need of support at the present time, and any sums, either for the Building Fund or the General Account, sent to the treasurer at the Exeter Bank or to myself will be most thankfully received and acknowledged. Gifts i@n kind, such as articles of clothing for the poor patients, or vegetables, will also be of the greatest assistance. I am, Sir, yours very truly, ALBERT E. BOYCE, Secretary. Craig-y-Don writes from Exmouth re- specting a visit she recently paid to a local asylum, and, speaking generally, suggests that the best results in the treatment of the insane are obtained with kindness, quoting from the Rev. C. W. ################################################## @coughs, bronchial a@ﬀection@, and@ the other ills that @ﬂesh is heir to in the nipping and foggy months would be largely reduced if @people would remember that the mouth was not made to breathe through that function belongs to the nostrils alone, and de@ﬁance of Nature's provision leads to untold troubles. Especially should this be guarded against immediately on emerging into the open air from a warm or hot apart- ment. If you have to say good - bye or good-night say it indoors, and don't talk at least till the body @has become accustomed to its altered atmospheric surroundings. It is cheap advice, I know, but-paradox though it may seem-that does not make it the less valuable. I have also to dispose@ of another yearly appeal-orange peel. Outdoor consumers of the golden coloured fruit @have begun to strew the pavements with square and other inches of treachery, and I shall not be surprised to hear before long of an accident as a result of this thoughtless and dangerous practice. If oranges are investigated in the street 1st the rind be consigned, before or behind-I don't much mind-to the gutter, and not scattered in the path of people with limbs liable to fracture and evil thoughts capable of being roused into animation. The report that Huckle II has ascended the Vigilance throne is said to be con@ﬁrmed, but the evidence is not direct. @He has, however,been described to me, and for my own part I have no doubt that the total abstaining espionage is still being carried on. In one public-house in the higher part of the city recently, such a fellow as has been described commenced to write something in the bar, and as there were several people about talking, the landlord kindly invited him to a@ ############# room. He went in and remained there nearly two hours, and he didn't patronise the resources of the establish- ment. As the song has it. I don't say there's anything wrong, but still it looks rather suspicious. A very neat story is told by an Exeter clergyman of a recent experience of his own. He was giving some rudimentary instruction to a class of small children not particularly well educated, and was endeavouring to show them categorically the di@ﬀerence between Christian names and surnames. In this way - What is your name, my little boy? - Tommy Bartlett, sir. - Well you were a little Bartlett directly you were born, but you were not Tommy, because your mother hadn't the name ready for you. To another child What is your name, my little girl? - Lizzie Smith, sir. - Well, you were a little Smith when you were born can you tell me what the Mayor of Exeter was when he was born? -The answer came with startling readiness A little colt, sir@! The city has, at last, settled down in the matter of election of Guardians, and although seven out of the @ﬁfty persons nominated for the thirty seats have withdrawn their candidatures, @ﬁghts will be waged in nine out of ten Wards, and let me point out that they will be fought on tolerably well-known ground. I o@ﬀer my congratulations to Miss Harding on being returned unopposed with two other candidates to represent St. Sidwell's Ward No. 2. This is the only Ward in which a contest has been avoided. In St. Sidwell's Ward, No. 1, it is to be regretted that the desire of the Conservative@s to nominate only two candidates should have been frustrated by Mr. Barton Land's un@- willingness to withdraw. In St. David's No. 2 Mr. Charles Piper and Mr. Upward will have the bene@ﬁt of all the in@ﬂuence the name of ###### can lend. The Conservatives have excellent candidates in the @ﬁeld in Messrs. Brewster, Kerslake old and tried members and Sidney Herbert alias H. S. Thomas , and I have every con@ﬁdence that they will receive the support of the majority of the electors. In St. David's No. 1 Mrs. Kindersley's election is assumed, and with two such excellent candidates as Mr. Septimus Clarke -whose counsel on the old Board has been valuable-and Mr. William Easton, the Con- servatives ought to have no di@ﬀiculty in landing their men. Against them are pitted Mr. Littlejohns and Mr. J. J. Hopping the Chairman of the Radical party in the Ward -little known in public life. In St. Paul's Ward, Mr. Munro will stand, but has little chance against three such excellent candidates as Mrs. Finch, Mr. Hookway, and the Rev. W. Hope. Mr. J. W. Williams's popularity in St. Petrock's Ward, as evidenced by his election to the Town Council by a majority of about seventy over his Radical opponents some twelve months ago, will stand him in good stead. His conduct on the old Board has quite justi@ﬁed his selection as a candidate at this election. The withdrawals of Messrs. Chudley and Overmass from the @ﬁght in St. Mary Major's leaves the Rev. Father Hobson to wage war against the Conservative nominees-Mr. W. F. Moore who has had practical experience in Poor Law government and Mr.Hodson. The very little distinguishable di@ﬀerence between Hodson and Hobson will make it necessary for the Conservatives to thoroughly impress the distinction upon the voters, but fortunately on the ballot paper the two Con- servative names will come together, and by this means it is hoped that the voters, if impressed to vote for the last three names on the o@ﬀicial slip will avoid what otherwise might have led to mistakes. ################################ Diuretic mixture, is now acknowledged throughout the whole world as the most marvellous remedy for a@ﬀections of the Urinary organs. In ### ### and ### bottles at 1s 9d, 3s. and 4s 6d per parcel post, 2s, 3s 3d, and 4s 9d. J A. Lam@ble, A.P.S. Chemist 22, Pembroke-street ################################################################################# members we have had on the old Board and Mr. Rippon ought to have an excellent and successful @ﬁght and the Liberals of the Ward must decide amongst themselves whether they prefer Mr. Lawless or Miss Petherick for the third member. Three of the Radical candidates nominated and Miss Petherick have with- drawn In Trinity No. 2. @Much disappoint- ment has been caused by Mr. Albert Edward Dunn's withdrawal, as many stalwart Con- servatives in the two parishes would have liked to have broken a lance with him. The opposition in St. Leonard's to Miss- Geare, Mr. Hamlin, and Mr. Wilson can only be described as vexatious. Mr. Thomas L@etheren, who has been nominated, has neither quali@ﬁcation or interest in the Ward. He is a resident of Holy Trinity, and there is apparently no other reason for his nomina- tion than the o@ﬀicial position he occupies under Mr. Jarman in the Ratepayers' A sso- ciation. It is to be hoped the St. Leonard's people will not hold their adversary too cheaply, but that the usual precautions will be taken to give a strong decisive expression of feeling as to this unnecessary opposition. Grecian writes I am pleased to see that the St. Sid@well's Ward Conservative ############# taking up the candidature@@ of Messrs. Sclate@r and Rice, Mr.Solater, @@by@ the bye, is one of the oldest of Exeter's ########################################### ######## #### ######### toto warrant his ######################## to notice that Mr. Barton Land has not seen @ﬁt to withdraw from the elections. Such action is not only damaging to the @party@ of which he is a member, but will put the @city to needless expense. From all I hear, the Ward Committee were extremely fair to Mr- Land, and he should honorably abide by the decision to which he agreed beforehand. I would strongly urge all voters who are anxious to see Messrs. Sclater and Rice elected,to vote for those two gentlemen only, and so ensure their being at the head of the poll. Onelady has been returned unopposed for St. Sidwells and why the Ladiss' Committee took upon them- selves to send two to the ward is di@ﬀicult to understand. At any rate one is said by the Ward Committee to be enough. Things are going merrily on in St. Thomas, with excellent prospects for the Conservatives there. Only one change has taken place since the commencement of the @ﬁght for seats on the District Council, and that was announced on Wednesday, when Mr. John Harris, a well-known Radlcal agent and agitator, issued his address as an independent candidate. The cause of this is understood to be Mr. Harris's dis- appointment at not having been orignally selected as one of the Radical candidates. His threats have thus found expression in his nomination in the so-called and misleading form of an independent, but I doubt whether this will have the e@ﬀect of deceiving many of the electors. Mr. Harris's Radical and extreme ideas are too well known to the neighbourhood for the ratepayers to be gulled into any such belief. In all the Wards the Conservative canvassers have been well received, and there is every prospect of a satisfactory result. This has travelled up from Exmouth. A gentleman was waited upon this week by an individual who presented him with a circular, with his own name at the foot, asking fo@r support as a District Council candidate. And he hadn't even dreamt of such a thing@! He at once had the circulars suppressed, but the information does not say whether he traced this unwarrantable liberty to its origin. Matters are becoming serious when a man's copyright in his own signature is infringed in this fashion. Quite a number of communications have reached me respecting the Gossip para- graph last week which referred to a document@ of which I could make nothing and when I come to ' furbish up my memory a little I have a recollection of the author and his strangenesses. A gentleman who was on very friendly terms with him says Dr. Rookes was an ordained clergyman of the Church of England, but he does not know whether he had obtained the degree of doctor. On occasionsthe conducted the services at St. Edmund's and St. Mary Steps. Although eccentric in most of his actions, he was extremely scrupulous over money matters, and never allowed himself to be cheated. Memory writes with reference to the subject -@@Re the par in your notes of December 1st asking for infor- mation about the lea@ﬂet referring to the Restorator, or King of Kings, it is doubtless one of the numerous bits of printed paper distributed by the Rev. Dr. Rookes, who not only advertised his claims in this way, but by a standing advertisement for some years in the Exeter papers. I remember him well between 1852 and 1857 after which I left the city , and he used to attend the Assizes and endeavour to@ address the Judges on his grievances, but @was always unsuccess- ful, as their lordships were made acquainted previously with his eccentricities. I believed he was disfrocked or inhivited @@for some reason, and this may have led to the mania he su@ﬀered under. He had a sort of idea that he was Jesus Christ, and that a temporal kingdom belonged to him, out of which his enemies were keeping him, and thus he was continually claiming damages from all and sundry@@ for the wrong done him. He was an intimate and associate with a Mr. Myers, a Jew, who for many years lived on the Alphington-road, in the large house opposite Pince's Nursery shop, and they were often seen together in the public streets. Dr. Rookes was a curious character, well known at the time, but quite harmless. Both he and Mr. Myers passed over to the majority years ago. The same correspondent kindly sends me a copy of one of the Doctor's proclamations on a small card handed by Dr. Rookes him- self to a young lady about forty years ago. The notice ran as follows - GOOD NEWS@! JEHOVAH #################################################################################### will give a musical and dram@a@tic @recital at the Barn- ﬁeld Hall in connection with the @Literary @Society. The programme@ns to include @some new and taking features, chief among them @being a @@musical sketch which, I hear, it calculated to put a Stoic on his mettle to keep his counting-house -if a Stoic is still existent. There is sure to be a crowded auditorium @at the Barn@ﬁeld Hall on Thurs- day-@it will be all Rice, and no rue. With reference to my paragraph last week re the City Flag, the great H.H. writes me thus characteristically -Dear @@Touchstone, -There is really nothing mysterious about the movements of my @ﬂag, although your pleasant note in last Saturday's issue suggests that something of the sort does exist@? When I brought the rescued banner home from the World's Fair, Chicago, exactly a year ago to-day, it was exhibited at my studios for some little time and then went, with the rest of my exhibition belong- ings, to Antwerp, to the International Exposition there. Proudly the whole season it @ﬂuttered aloft over the exhibit that won for my sons and self the gold medal at Chicago, and, in turn, gold and silver medals, too, at Antwerp. When on the 5th of last-month with pageantry and with royalty the Belgian Exhibition closed I solemnly lowered Exeter's standard. It was a good job, too, that the Show closed when it did. The silk our civic ensign is made of is so utterly bad that the rag almost refused to hold its own weight, and is so entirely rotten that another month or two would, without a doubt, have seen it drop to the ground. You wonder where it is now@? Well, as a matter of fact, it is here in my own sanctum, having just returned from the deft hands of one of the cleverest of needlewomen. It has been entirely rebacked, from end to end, with new scarlet silk, and the thousand and one holes and the slits in it have been care- fully and most cunningly mended, the whole of the frail and tattered trophy having been delicately stitched down upon the new silk back- ing. Taken altogether, it, is now one of the most wonderful specimens of delicate and patient needlework I ever raw in my life. To-day it goes to London to have the painted additions put upon it. Immediataly over the golden shoe of the conquering charger @ﬁrmly implanted on the gory @ﬁeld of Exeter, @i.e., just above our city's arms, there will be painted World's Fair, Chicago, 1893, gold medal. and directly under the Luckie Horseshoe crest, which now supplants the crest of the city, will be painted - International Exposition, Antwerp, 1894. Gold and silver medal. In the ordinary course it will be back here again in a week's time, and then the question will arise as to what its ultimate destination shall be. On this point I am quite ready to accept sugges- tions for consideration. There are several places and people who seem to have exceptionable claims @@my Parish Church, the Museum, and the Drill Hall of the 1st R.V. are amongst the former and Dicky Dunn, Uncle Linscott, ant even Alderman Daw may be named amongst the latter. However, on this at present I will say nothing. Those who live longest will see the most. I don't think the Town Council of Exeter will laugh mo to scorn again when next I o@ﬀer them my help. What think you, dear Touch- stone@? Yours obediently, HARRY HEMS. Exeter, 7th December, 1894. From the foregoing it would appear that the banner is to be put to the use of an advertisement, and with all due respect for the genial carve@s, I must say that it is a step in advance of discretion. The @ﬂag is the property of the city not of any individua or set of individuals. Don't forget that the @eleventh annual exhibition of fat cattle, sheep, roots, live and dead poultry, butter, cream, and eggs in connection with the @Exeter Fat Stock and Poultry Society will be putting the Lowe, Market to a good use on Friday next. Hour ten to ten, evening admission 6d. TOUCHSTONE. BRIGG ELECTION. @@Conservative Victory. Another Nail in the Government Co@ﬀin. The result of yesterday's polling in the Brigg Division of Lincolnshire was made known to-day as follows -RICHARDSON ####### ################# -Conservative majority...... 77 This is a gain of a seat to the Conservatives. The @ﬁgures at the two previous elections were as follows -1892. Waddy G ...... 4,448 Richardson C 4,021 -Majority@... ########################## Waddy G ...... 3,887 Richerdson C 3,722 -Majority ... 165 organizers in the Division attributed the victory mainly to Mr. @@Chamberlain's recent utterances on social questions and to the speeches and canvassing of numerous Ulster delegates. Our sporting correspondent telegraphs -The intelligence of Mr. Richardson's return @@was received at Sandown Park this afternoon@@@@@@ with marked satisfaction, Mr. Richardson having received the full support of the members of the newly formed Sporting League, the assistance of which undoubtedly turned the tide in his favour. RESTORATOR OR KING OF ALL KINGS, WHO IS COME, c. ################## Without prejudice, @c. Non Nobis Domine, @@c. N.B. Negligence or delay about £100,000 per day. See Imperial Proclamation at Guildhall, or County Court O@ﬀice, c@, Exeter. Approved by Judge Tyrrell, as Lord High Chancellor of all the World, E.G.S., @@c., the Lord Chief Justics, E.G.S. Lord Northernhay, acting Premier of all the World, E.G.S., c. The Port Admiral of Plymouth, E.G.S., @c. the Earl of Barns- bury, @c. Winkleigh, E.G.S., @c., for the Western Circuit, @c. Also by Captain@ Hodgson, E.G.S., @c. Ditto Inspector Hamilton Ditto Barnsbury, @c. Since no one can dare oppose the Bible of Imperial Proclamation, @c. I might add to Memory's reference to Mr. Myers that that gentleman's residence was known as Lion House. I remember a story which used to be told about it many years ago to the e@ﬀect that for a long period it remained untenanted, and no one appeared to know who the owner was, but that Mr. Myers took possession and lived on the premises without, of course, paying any rent, and speculation used to be rife when the tale was told as to what he would do in the event of the real proprietor turning up. There was, however, no foundation for the legend, for I happen to be acquainted with one to whom Mr. Myers showed his title deeds, and whom he assured he had ######### the property. Most@ of my readers will remember that Mr. Myers had a son who was mentally a@ﬀlicted, but quite harmless and ino@ﬀensive. He was a great pedestrian, and the gamion were accustomed to salute him, as he walked rapidly past in his long cloak, with @ﬁne day, Mr. Myers, to which the invariable reply was I haven't tasted it. It will perhaps be a surprise to many who only saw him in the streets in his coarse gipsy attire to learn that @he always dined in evening dress.@@ Telegrams from the far East report @that there will be a scarcity of rice in China. @Not so in Exeter, for our own Harry Rice is more than ever in evidence, showing us all the latent laughter and hidden smiles that ################################################## A burglary of a peculiarly daring and im- pudent character was committed in High- street, Wands worth, last night. The burglars obtained entrance to the premises of Mr. Chambers, jeweller, and after forcing a couple of doors in a business-like manner nearly cleared the place of watches and jewellery. They then decamped with their booty, leaving behind them some high- class burglars' tools. The burgled premises are actually next door to the central divisional police station. Assaulting Plymouth Police. @@Before the Plymouth magistrates this morning Robert Hutchins was charged with being disorderly and using profane and obscene language in Newton - street. Charles Gilley was charged with obstructing the police and assaulting P.C.'s F@armer and Westlake, and also with being drunk at ihe same place and time. Both prisoners were naval seamen, and an o@ﬀicer, in accordance with the general custom, gavethem both good characters.-P.C Pope stated that about 11.30 p.m. he arrestee Hutchings and the crowd jammed him # against the wall. After a time he got his ### away to durance vile. Meantime P.C, ##### had got hold of Gilley, who, however resisted with might and main. On the ## prisoner violently kicked the constable about the legs, and also P.C. Westlake who came # assis@t ########## was @ﬁned 5s and Gilley 20s, The money was paid. TO-DAY'S RACING. SANDOWN PARK CLUB DECEMBER MEETING Run at 1.0 #################################### of 100 sovs. Two miles. Mr Archibald's ################# 1 Mr Canon's ########## Hibbert's Hutton Conyers ......Thirlwell 3 Also ran-Athlumney Betting-6 to 5 agst Hutton Conyers, 11 to 8 Jason, 7 to 1 Athlumney, 100 to 8 Bowlegs o . Won cleverly by a length and a half a bad third. Run at ############################### sovs. Two miles. Mr @Escott's St ################ 1 Lord Chelsea's Lord Zetland ####### 2 Mr Hunt's King of the Gipsies ......Bar@ker 3 Also ran-Ulysses,? Grape Vine, Bonghal ne Sleive,Maidenbead,Glowworm,The Wizard, Esher, Chip. Betting-5 to 2 agst St. Anthony, to # The Wizard, Bouchal-Na-Slieve, 8 to 1 Grape Vine, 100 to 12 King of the Gipsies, 100 to @8 Lord Zetland o . Won a hard race by shroc lengths a length separated second and ################### page #