[OCR_toInput] f41 THE T0-DAT8 WEATHER FORECAST. Hortk-k t.-Westerly winds, moderate fair during greater part of day, but not settled. NOltTH COUNTRY NEWS. of the Auckland Ckvan de and South Durham and Cleveland Mercury u preeeutaxl a beautiful coloured portrait ° Mm OUdutooe, printed oo boo-toned paper, and suitable for framing. The publishers have made arrangements by which those wishful to preeerse the portrait of the wife of the Premier in a permanent fora can be supplied with artistic oak frames at either Is 6d or 2s 6d each. The first-named size is 13 inches by 11, three-quartet oek frame, the portrait being on a cream ®onnt, and covered with good glass. The 2s 6d frame measures 16 inches by 13 inches, the oak being an inch in width, with gold slip inside. Beam mount, and extra quality glass. These frames are exactly similar to those supplied last year, which gave such satisfaction. # A few copies of our last year's supplement, Itr Gladstone's portrait, remain unsold, and copies may be had for Id each by post ljd mi application to the Publisher, Northern Echo, Darlington. Mr John Richardson, olerir to the magistrates at Think, and clerk to the Birdford Highway DEATH OF SIR G. ELLIOT. BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. After an illnesa of three or four weeks Sir George Elliot, Bart, died at his town residence on Saturday afternoon, from acute pneumonia and complications, the result of a chill caught at Cardiff some time ago. The history of Sir George Elliot belongs to the romance of commerce. The various episodes in the life of the •• bonnie pit laddie, who was the architect of his owu fortune, would furnish suitable material for the venerable author, Samuel Smiles, if he wished for another illustra Board, and Conservative agent, died on Saturday at his residence, Sowerby, Thirsk, aged 76. Early on Sunday morning. Jamas Collings 31 , a labourer, living at No. 1, Newport-street, Mid dlesbrough, was discovered by his mother with bis clothing in flames He went home drunk on the previous night and lay before tho kitchen Are. where he was found as described. After the lapse of tome time Dr. Scanlan was called in, and find ing him suffering from severe burns about the logs, he ordered his removal to the Workhouse infirmary. A Minor Killed.-Henry Richardson 26 . of Victoria-rows, died in an hour from the effects of a fall of coal whilst hewing in North tlitchburn Colliery on the 22nd inst-Inquest to-day. ! Assault on tu Folic aT Gotsbhoooh.-At GuisbrodfiV on Saturday, William Buckworth, billposter, of Guisbrough, was fined 10s and costa for being drunk and disorderly at Guis brough on the 22nd inst. He was alto sent to prison for three months for assaulting Sergt. Calvert. When arrested he bit one of the offioet's fingers severely. 8.8. Gwendoline Relief Ptnro.-The follow ing further subscriptions have been received by Messrs Swan Brer., of Middlesbrough, in aid of the relatives of the crew of the .s. Gwendoline -Messrs Cochrane, Grove, fc Co., £S Messrs Constantine, Pickering fc Oo., £5 Hr J. Walton, J.P., £5 Messrs English fc Co., £4 4s Mr J. Ritchie, £2 2s sundry amounts, £36 total to date, £431 2s 6d. Stoxxsley Guardians.-At the fortnightly meeting oo Saturday-the Rev. George Prowde in the chair-the Matter reported number of inmate SI, as ootnpared with S3 last year. Number of vagrants relieved during the past fort night 72, as compared with 43 last year.-At the meeting of the School Attendance Committee-the Rev. Geo. Prowde in the ehair-Mr Smith, aebool attendance offloer, reported that the attendance for November was S as compared with 85 for same month last year. Fatal Fall at Hartlupool.-Thomas Owth-waite 46 , a labourer residing at 29, Blamford street, Hartlepool, died on Monday morning from injuries received through falling down tho cellar stain at the Durham Hotel on Saturday night. A man named Benjamin Outhwaite was sittio ia the cellar-kitchen when he heard someone fall down the stairs, and on opening the door he found the deoeased lying ou his shoulder at the bottom of the stairs unable to move. He was taken home and attended to by Dr . Ainsley tnd Gtbb, but died soon after the aouident occurred. Oollboiath SCHOOL. 8altbi n.-On Friday BUgbt, in the presence of a large audience, the went through a long and varied programme, wbioh included some of the choruses from the Messiah, part songs, glees, dumb-bell exercises with musical accompaniment, and ended with a capitally performed farce entitled • The Irish Tutor. During the interval the prises were dis tributed by Mr Walton, who made a few kind remarks to each recipient. He also paid a warm tribute to the abilities of the head master, Mr Southern, who, he said, reooguited the fact that education consisted more in drawing out a boy's powers and making him think for himself than in filling a boy's mind with matters which would be forgotten in three months. IMPUDENT ThBFT AT WuST Hartlepool.-At West Hartlepool on Saturday, a respectable-looking man natnod John Haig Robinson. 36, was charged with stealing a tape line and several other instruments, the property of Mr Garry, in September last. Prisoner went to prosecutor in September last and pleaded poverty, begging for employment. He appeared well-educated and competent to make surreys, and on these grounds Mr Garry employed him to do certain work in connection with tome new buildings. He only remained a few days, however, and then absconded, taking with him the tapd line, fcc. Information was given to the polios, and Sergeant M'DoogaU arrested the prisoner as he was being discharged from Northallerton prison. - He pleaded guilty, previous oonvictions being put in by Superintendent Parkinson, and he was sent to prison for three mouths. DaKLIBOTON TEMPERANCE Union. - At the seoently held December meeting, the following officers were unanimously elected, vis. -Presi dent. Mr J. B. Hodgkin vice-president, Rev. T. Shmelev treasurer, Mr J. Noble collector and financial secretary, Mr T. Hamilton secretary, Rev. Fradk. Naylor assistant-secretary, Mr A. Queens and the following were chosen on the oasositive, via -Rev. J. Duncan, M.A., Rev. W. Scarborough, Rev. J. C. Brewitt, Mr R. Todd, Mrs Gurney Pease, Rev. Dr. Cullen, and Mrs Wood. Among other items of interest the Secretary reported that Mr R. Summers aooora-peeled him to the great totnperanoe convention recently held in London, where he was well •eeeived by temperance friends, editors, critics, and all who taw his remarkable painting, and that the general consensus of opinion was that Mr Summers was greatly gifted. It has been deter mined to give his picture, ''The Doing of Drink, its mission to the masses by reproducing it in a first-class ohromo lithograph to soil at Is. This will be issued about the first week in Feb ruary, 1894. tion of how genius united with persoverauee can raise a man from humble surroundings to stand before prince . He was born in 1816, and on a noteworthy day-June 18-when the battle of Waterloo was fought. Hi father was a Mr Ralph Elliot, luid hia mother a daughter of Mr Henry Braitbwaite, of Newcaatle. Those were not the days of compulsory education, and a very brief time having been spent iu this direction, young Elliot commenced to earn his own living aa a pit boy under his father at Peimhaw Colliery, adjoiuiug liisuative place, and bu remained in the p.t until he was nineteen, being a practical witness of the great strike of 1831-2, which ha been des cribed as the most bitter struggle between Capital and Labour ever known in modern times. During the last two years of bis pit life he studied mathematic under two local masters, George Watson and Peter Nicholson, who did much to compensate for any deficiencies in early tuition, and to whose timely Servians Sir George has attributed his subsequent success. His next important step was • his entrance into tho office of the late Mr Thomas Sopwith, the eminent geologist, as apprentice, land surveyor, and mining engineer. Here he was engaged in the drawing of plans for the Forest of Dean, and in surveying the line of railroad from Darlington to York. In 1836 he obtained the appointment of overman at his former colliery-Penshaw, and such satisfaction did he give to employers and men alike that in the following year he was made under-viewer at Moukwearmouth, and _ sub sequently chief viewor. His practical ability in dealing with the interests entrusted to his ctre, and bis tact in a Ijusting the relations between masters and men caused bis service# to have a value which bis years alone would scaroely have warranted. At 21 year of age ho had married a daughter of Mr George Green, of Raiuten, Houghton-le-Spring, Durham, who during the forty-four sears of wedded life that they enjoyed she died in 1880 prove.! a valuable and worthy helpmeet to her aspiriug partner. In 1840, wheu he was only 25 years of age, he became a ooalowner on bia own account by enter ing into partnership with Messrs Backhouse k Mnuusey in the purchase of Washington Colliery. This concern he personally managed, whilst at the same time retaining his post at Monkwear-moutli. Mouey, that golden kay to prosperity, was now at hia eommaud, and in three years ho able to lease the coalmines at Haworth, MIDDLESBROUGH PANTOMIME. NORTHERN ECHO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1893 •• LITTLE RBD RIDING HOOD. The Middlesbrough pantomime, Little Red Riding Hood. ' wee produced foe the Bnt time on 8 turd j night, when tho Theatre Royal was well patronised. The Milton Rays, whose name is associated with many previous pantomime successes, have been entrusted with the produc tion, and Mr Percy Milton has written the libretto in a free and humorous stylo, bringing into the story all the characters of the old nursery tale and adding a host of others whose deeds of daring or terrible maohiuations all contribute to make the book most interesting and amusing. With the rise of the curtain a new and very pretty idea is carried into effect. Old Patber Time discovers Frolic, the Genius of pantomime, and proceeds to discuss the title of the approaching production, hereupon a series of tableaux vivants is exhibited, including Jack the Giant Killer, tho Babes in the Wood, Robinson Crusoe, and Little Red Riding Hood, their selection falling upon the last-named. The next scene represents the Village Fair, which is a very pretty set. Here we are introduced in quick succession to the Wolf, Simon and Stout, Dame Trot who makes DEATH OF A STOCKTON MISSIONARY. We regret to record the death of Mr A. H. Clarke, which took place at bis residence at Stockton, after a brief illness, on Saturday. The deceased gentleman had fur a number of years acted as missionary to the doaf and dumb ill the Teesside district, aud was held in much esteem by all who knew him. His wife died two years since at about the same period of the year as the present. Three girls anu a boy are left. and deep sympathy is felt with them in their irreparable loss. VOLUNTEER NEWS. DARLINGTON. On Friday, the member of the Darlington Coro panic of the 1st V.B. Durham L I SMerohied in their Drill Hail to receive Mr- annual prize m kind gitvt homesters but ulti-the Slo.-k-wliich, from au utiremunerative enterprise, became under his able management a paying property, and its area greatly extended. In 1851 Mr Elliot resigned his Monkwear-mouth appointment to accept the larger responsibilities of chief consulting _ end mining engineer to the late Marquis of Londonderry, who found in the young Tyne-siiler an efficient coadjutor in his project of making a shipping port at Beaham. By 1864 the wheel of time bad made au entire revolution for him, aud in that year he beoame the owner of the very colliery where forty year before he bad worked as a pit laddie. Looking farther afield, he was also able to carry into effect bis scheme for the purchase of the Powell Duffryn Collieries in South Wales, aud subsequently the Aberaman and the Cwm Noel mines in the same district. A few years previous he bad been appointed agent for Messrs Kuper fc Co., wire-rope manufacturers, whose business was in process of liquidation. Bringing to this undertaking the same shrewdnens aud business capacity that distinguished him in hit other multifarious occupations be in two years greatly reduced the liabilities, and eventually oonstitutod himself proprietor of the undertaking, offering to the creditors the full amount of their claims and interest up to the time of payment, and a handsome allowance to the members of the original firm for their reversion. Mr afterward# Sir Eduard Glass joined him, and the new firm, under the title of Glass k Elliot, took up tiie manufacture of telegraph wire and eablet, being the first to adopt the method of wire covering for submarine cables. In 1864 the business, with the Gutta Perch Company, was merged into the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Com pany, under whose auspices the Atlantie cable was laid in 1866. The Franoo-Amerioan, British-Indian. and British-Australian oables were also constructed by the same company. It must have been one of the most pleasurable reminiscences of Sir George Elliot's busy life to have been actively connected with enterprises whieb had had suoh an important bearing on the commercial Ufe and development of this country. A digression may here be made in order to glance at Sir George Elliot's connection with politics, his experiences in this connection being of an exciting, if not always of a successful kind. His first appearance in the political arena was in 1868, when he stood for North Durham in the Conservative interest. A staunch supporter of Lord Beaoonsfield, it wat thought probable that a man of the people would be able to win a seat for the Tories, and the surmise proved correct. Sir George Elliot headed the poll with 4,649 votes, his colleague, 8ir Hedworth Williamson L , obtaining 4,011, and Mr I. Lowthian Bell being unsuooessful with 3.822. In 1874 he again Con-Riding . . Miss Muffet, the eccentric Bioks, and Ferdinand, the mashing leader of the banditti. The action of the piece in Soone II. discloses the nefarious, plot of the Wolf and the Baron to abduct Red Riding Hood, a plan which it foiled by the timely arrival of Boy Blue, who, however, is himself captured in the succeeding aud very effective scene, Glow-worm Glade. In this scene wonderful mechanical dragon makes its appear ance, as well as three veritable giants in black, whose antic create the liveliest amusement. In this scene Mis May Bertier gives a very oharra ing serpentine dance Beene VI. represents the Dame's cottago, where some very entertaining business is introduced by the Sitters de Castro. Next we find Boy Blue a prisoner in the Castle dungeon, and then the scene is transferred to tho Palace, where Messrs Clements and Poster give their very comical and extremely clever knock about show. Fur a first night the remarkable smoothness of the production was a matter of common comment, there being never a hitch from start to finish, a fact which speaks highly for the energy and ability of Mr W. E. Potts, under whose direction the panto mime is being produced, and of Mr W. F. Tmde.ll, who is responsible for the stage arrangements. The company it a good all-round combination, and if it has a weak point it probably lies with the voealista. Mitt Ivy Dungate makes a very sweet Red Ridiug Hood, aud sings in a charming manner Boy Blue is a really vivacious and up-to-date young man in the able hands of Miss Lixzie Boone Miss Emily Hughes makes a obarming Miss Muffet Miss Maude Stoaeham a Fer dinand acts with all the requisite ehio tbe Sisters d Castro distinctly score with their very clever skipping-rope danse Mr Georgs Fairley does well as Dame Trot, but will do better when ho rids himself of his present hoarseness Mr Gut. W. Blake and Mr George Kingstone, as the Baron aud Btnks respectively, saute much amusement but Messrs Ctsments and Foster's impersonation of Simple Simon and Johnnie Stout is undoubtedly the funniest part of the show. The Continental quartet contribute some very pretty ballets. The scenery has been painted by Merer John Clark, Helmsley, Coleman, and Hemmiogway, with a winter view of the park gates by Mr Charles Kirkbam, which shows great eare. The music is arranged and composed by Messrs T. Bayliss and H. York the oosturees have been supplied by Miss Fischer, Mary Featherstone, See. and new and popular songs are introduced by permission of Messrs Francis Day k Hunter, Mocattn k Co.. Sheaed k Co., Howard k Q., Dobrowlski k Co., fcc. bv the tradespeople and gentry ol Darlington Ti vita goodly array of prize' moat suitable for Hr.-eea-on. comisling of geese, turkeys hoof, muiton groceries. Ac., Ac., also in any nice prizes in fancy articles. Major W. Prii ■'man and Cap!. T. B. Swin burne were present. The prises nuinlwred 1,2, to be divided amongst 98 competitors, who hnt for them. -Coiour-Sorgt W. Qoldsborough, D Company pro posed a vote of til n i. In i. ie donors, winch was seoondesi by Colour s, rgt F Rtney. wbo In his speech also referred to the many valuable and useful prizes that were there, and lie eery low scoring made by certain of the competitors, who lie warned to do much baiter in 1891. as the conditions of shooting would probably be altyr-d by I he NO. officers of the dstt, vrho had all the trouble of collecting tbe prizes, and the careless competitor might not then get a look In. - Colour-Sergt Instructor Sraythe assisted the Mijor in the arrangements, which were efficiently carried out. BISHOP AUCKLAND. The Christmas shooting of the A and B Companies of tbe 2nd V.BDLI took place oo tbe Newton Cap Range on Saturday for the prizes given by the offices and tradesmen. Weather waa good-cold cold strong wind from the east Lieut. Goose presided st the distribution of prizes, awarded as under -Sergt. Mulemeiit. 32 point . Ouarter-Mastei Greenwell. 311 Sergt.. H. Robinson, 30. Corpi Bland 28. Corpt Riddle. 28 Pte W. W. Smith. 281 Corpt M-Millan. 2T . Corpl. Tilton. 21 Corpl J Robinson, 27 Pte. Hogarth. 28 Pte Rodgers 26 8nrgt 8herrett. 26 Sergt. Wetherell. 26 Pte. Daniels 2 Corpl. Holt. 23 Sergt K Horn. 23. Pte Walker 23 p.dnls. Pte. M. Brown Out.-Sergt-Oreanwull, and Pte. C II. Cherrett. Pie. Dowell 22, Sergt. Dowan 21 points. Pte T W Johnson. Corp Barnett. Lunon.-Oitrp. May. Pte Bng'isl Pie. W Cooper, Pie. OnrtR and Pte. O. Jcd.n-on Corp. liartmru 20 Corp. Flynn. Pte. J. W. Robinson. Pte. 0. Gnwton. Pte. W. Strachan. and Pie X Dent Pte Qilm Thompson 19, Pte. Hd. Hull. Pte Monaghan. Pte. P. H Smith, Pte j Thonipson. Pte H. Nevtson. Laooe-Oorp. H. Robinson and Pte B Robin ton Pte. Hopplewhlte 18. Pte W. Anterson. and Pte. Bitaon Pte W. Horn If, Pte W. Smith Pte Joseph Smith, and Pte Forties Pte. W Harding 16. Fte R wood. Pte. J Wood Corpl. Clark, and Pie D.yvnn 15. Pie. Condon and Pte P. Patttoon i 14, Pta. Watson. Sergt. W Robinson Snrgt Curry. Sergt. Hall. Pte J Hoed, and Pte. W Dodds 13. Pie J Manley. Pte W. Smith Pte. W Hcdgsnn. Pte R. Rsine, Pte. Blacklock. and Pte. J. W. Cooper 12. Pte. C. Perringten. P-e Varl Pte. J Hopsvood Pte Henderson. Pte. T. Johson, ar,d Pte B Wider 11. Pte W. iiaw. Pte. B M inley, Pte O Bradley and Pte. J. Slee 10. Pte. G. Marlin. I'm. C Km Pte A. Morgan. Pte. J Smith Pie. J Barnwell, and Pte. A CHRISTMAS GREETING. To the Editor of the Northern Echo. Sib,-Will you kindly give room in your valuable paper for the appended note, wishini you and your paper a merry Christmas au prosperous and useful Hew Year. How do you like Accrington P That has taken the ground from below the feet of that useless assembly the House of Lord . As a working man I look upon Keir Hardie aa one of the greatest hindrances to the advancement of labour reforms of any man in the country, whether he be Tory or Liberal, should truly like to come across tbe Tory eatspai -I am, yours respectfully, Guo. Finlat. The Mount, Bast Leyton, Aldbrough, Darling ton, Dec. 22nd, 1893. REPRESENTATION OF CLEVELAND. To the Editor of the Northern Echo. Sib,-Mr R. Rowland not being a resident In this country at the present time, it would be open out a discussion on business that wss transacted at tho time that Cleveland was made a separate Farliaraentar division when he is not here to speak for himsel that f would advise Mr only say Reynolds if he is Hr Rowland's friend that be W. H? TSi, 9, Corpl T Gct'nlbh . 7. Corp! T. Connor , Pte. Hopwood, Pte J G lohrisf, ami Li.?ut, Goose , OerpL Owens 6. Pte. Mwlioll. Pie. G. Hoppe. Pte. It. Dttjf, and Pte. Wilton Pte. J Hopper i. Pte. J. B. Clark, Pte. B. Smith. Sergt. Condon Bugler Moore. Corpl. Leighton, aul Ft . J Vittv Pte Todd J, Pte. Robinson. Pte. ifui .ftmuo'v Pte. G. Teonington, 7 and Sergt. Selby Pte IlmkAby L BriDALE. LADY MILBAKK ON VOLUNTEERING. On Saturday night the prlisea won at tho recent ChrktnuM prtae ehootlng of the B Oomp vny. BefLile, were distributed to the Volunteers in their Drill Hall t. Bedale by Lady Milbanlc. E'icb competitor had fired t n shots at 200 yards, bnt the scoring was very low in oonsequence oi a very high wind which pre vailed. The priee distribution was made under the superintendence of Col. SsrgL Instructor Whltelock. who was ably assisted hy Col.-Sergt Richardson. Prlae listSergt. R. M'ilm-r, 31 Lance Corpl. W. Metcalfe. 31 j Pte. II. Houltnn. 31 LanoSergt. R Diwson. 30 Pte. 8. Stnkm. 21 Col-Sergt. P-Richardson, 28 Col.-Sergt- Instructor Whltelock. 28 Pte. J. T. Horner, 27 Bugler 9. Constantine. 27 Pte. A- 8pence, 27. Corpl. Q Swales. 27, Sergt. J. Tindale, 28 Lonoe-Corpt. W. Sw.ilcs 23 Pte. T. Braitbwaite. 25, Lance-Corpl. F. Nicholson, 26 Sergt. G Dobby. 21. Lance-Corpl. A. Asquith, 23 Pte. A. Mcgson. 21 . Pte. O. Metaalfe. 21 Corpl. H. W. Horner. 20. Pte. J. Constantine. 20 Pte. M. Fleming. 20 Pte. J TesMmond. 19 Bugler H. Homer. 19 Lanoe-Corpl W. Humor. 19 Pte. A. Horner. 18 Ptek H. Ozelton. 18. Pta Ward, 14 Pte. Watt. U Corpl. J. Court, 10 Pte. B. Oaclten, 10 Pie. May. 8 Pt Pfc . Watson. 4. Pie. M. Nicholson. 0.-betna stood. MYSTERIOUS DEATHS AT MIDDLES BROUGH. On Saturday, the dead body of Geo. Williams 63 , of 76, Wilton-street, was found in a well in B garden in Woodlands-road. The deceased wafted as a gardener for James Herbert, and lodged with his sister, Anuie Hambley. He haj been drinking heavily, and his sister told liim that if be did not change his conduct he would have to find fraah lodgings. He threatened to commit suicide, aad left the house on Friday morning. He was not seen again alive, and his body was found, head downwards in the well, by hie brother.-An inquest was held on Satunlav. when a verdict of Found drowned wi s returned, there being no evidence to show how ha get into the well. Early on Sunday morning. Inspector Feaccvx ' Sergt. Raisbeck were called to No. 7 Heary-it, Middlesbrough, where they found Frances with Mr R. L. Pemberton, in the aervative interest, but the Liberate triumphed, the figures being -Mr I. Lowthian Bell, 4,364 Mr Charles Mark Palmer, 4,327 Elliot, 4,011 Pemberton, 3,901. Mr Elliot's disappointment was consoled by a baronetcy, the intimation of which was conveyed to him in a letter which he received from Mr Disraeli on April 20, 1874, in which mention was made of his great services to the Censervative oause, and tbe enter prise and energy of hi useful and honourable life. His supporters, however, went the length of filing a prtition. and the result of the trial at Durham was that the seat waa declared void. In Juno the parties faced each other again, with the following resultPalmer, 4,256 vote Elliot, 4,254 Bell, 4,104. The victory was celebrated by a banquet at Durham, when the Marquis of Londonderry presided, aud Mr Elliot was the guest of the evening, and was made the reoipient of a magnificent service of plate, valued at £3,000. In 1880, fickle fortune placed him at the bottom of the poll again, Lieut.-Col. Joioey, who was brought forward by the Liberals, heading the poll with 6.233 votes, Palmer obtaining 5,901, and Elliot 5,092. Col. Joioey died next year, and Sir George Elliot then won back bis old love, the poll being Rlliot, 5,546 Laing, 4,896. By the Redistribu tion Act of 1884 Durham was allocated sixteen seats. Sir George BUiot stood for tbe South-F st Division, bts opponent being Sir Henry Haveloek-Allan, who soon red the seat for the Liberals by 5,603 votes to 4,854. On Mr Glad stone's appeal to the country in tbe following, Sir George Elliot stood for Monmouth district. tfiddleebroagh, where they Alieern 43 laid on the kitchen floor dead. The husband of the deoeased aod a lodger named Gewdlee were in Use kitchen, and both were drunk and swearing. Qeadlee stated that he was g iag into tbe back yard when he kicked against the deceased, who was laid doubled up in a corner of Ike kitchen. He then called in two neighbours, who informed the poliou. Tike husband stated be bad fallen arieei Geodles. and knew nothing until had not been p. anu kn Deoeased •stoke by attended by a doctor for the past six months, but Bad often complained of a pain in the chest.-An will be held. MIDDLESBROUGH CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. At a mooting of the Council on Friday, Mr Whiter Johnson, the presideut. in the ohair, with reapect to the Chamber's memorial on the ques-tfon af the extension of railways and canals in India and Burmah, tho reply thereto stated that fibe Government of India had made oertain cos-ions where the construction of branch lines or t in exteueion of nxistiu railways in India i undertaken by private agency. The pay-of internet during ooostruotion is to be fund oat of capital. With respect to the sagged i ni that the Imperial Government should be aak-.a! !• join the Government of India io guarantee-km interest on tbe capital required foi railways and irrigation works in aud Borraah, tho India Office that this ought to be addressed jy to tile Chancellor of the Exchequer __nunicatkm had therefore been sent to ber miisun Harcourt.-The President called atlen Man lo tile present tariff war between Russia aud flasmany, tnd mentioned that some of the Urius in this district had beea put to much trouble c,l inconvenience owing to the requirement ot the Russian Customs authorities in the matter or certificates of origin, especially where the irou mas sent through Germany. They now required that the certificates should be attested by some anek public body as the Chamber of Commerce, anil •bis week the Secretary of the Chamber had been called upon in two instaucoa to sign and seal Ui9 •nrssssrj- documents for pig iron so forwarded. -Three new member were elected. ng the local Liberal candidate by 465 votes. This was the last time that his political fortune was to be io the asoendant, for in 1892 the Liberal candidate. Mr Spioer, headed the poll with 3,430 vote to Sir George Elliot's 3,137. It was from Egypt that Mr Elliot was hurriedly recalled in 1874 to take part in the political cam paign of that year. He had been in that country engaged in developing its railway resources, aad his engineering skill and enterprise were to have still larger scope. On January 27th, 18T6, he was received in speoial andience by the Khedive, his original mission being to forward certain arrange ment aa to harbour works. To tho Pinanoe Minister, who was present during the interview, Hi.- English engineer suggested a plan for dealing with the entire indebtedness of Egypt, instead of tbe piecemeal method of dealing with loans that had formerly been adopted, and as the outcome of till conference the Khedive snt I shall therefore y will do that gentleman the best service by lettiog tiie little matter he refers to lie as still as possible. Mr Reynolds states that he was in favour of supporting a labour candidate at that time, but it is quite evident that be ia against one now. I suppose because he might not be one of that ilk, and he says it is unwise and disloyal on my part to suggest a miners' candidate now. I have to thank Mr Reynolds for the hint he has given me, as I know now where to go for wisdom. We have been in the forefront in politics and social reforms for over 20 years, and at a time when very few of the so-called friends of the working classes did not, wonld not, and daro not oome on our platform to help our oause but sinoe trades unionism has become a mighty power iu the land we have swarms of wise moo who pretend to know our business better than we know it ourselves. For Mr Reynolds's information I am proud to say that I am as loyal to the great Radical cause ami the Grand Old Man as either him or bia ooteria, and as f have stated before, Mr Pease has voted all right. So far as we are concerned pro bably no other member in the House would have done what he did under the circumstances in voting for tbe Eight Hours Bill. But there is work to do now in Parliament that can only be done by men who have oome from the ranks of labour, and who thoroughly understand the great social aad industrial questions of the day and who know exactly where to pat their fingers on the sore places. It it the fact of to many men being ont of work and so much poverty and starvation existing in our towns and villages that compels me to be so intensely in earnest in suggesting to the working men iu Cleveland to bring out aad return a labour candidate. 1 have no desire to split the party, but I certainly have a desire to tee a party built op bath outside and inside the House of Common who in the interests of labour will go further than any party has ever gone yat or is ever likely to go. We cannot expect the present representatives to see as we see. If we had been reared and brought up in their places we should just do as they do. In conclusion, I may say we jost want the right to bring a candidate forward, and as I have only suggested to the Clewetaud miners the urgent necessity of direct tabonr representation, if they nro satisfied to go on as we are going now tbiy nviat not grnmble at anyone else, as the have tbe ball at their feot, and if tl it then some others will claim the faithfully, At the oondiuton of the prizes Coloiir-8ergt.-IiiBt.ruo-tor VrhiUhxfit proposal a heariy vote or thank to Lady MHIhank for so gracefnily distributing the prizes aoJ alao to those gesrrous donors of prizoa-Toe vote was carried with cheers while rheers were also given for Sir Frederick Milbnnk and Mr If. Rouse.-Lady Mlltwnk. In reply.said she via very sorry indeed that Sir Frederick was not able to be present, that evening, aa he was busily engaged in distributing various prizes at Thorp Perrow . but she begged to assure them that hia interest in r lie volunteer movement had in no wise flagged Ueae. hear. 8lie was nlso pleased to so that Mr Horry Rouse. o Pirby Hall, had oome to show tb groat intereot he took in volun teering and everything else which cosweroed the wel fare of the district Applause. 8he considered tho volunteer movement one of the most important which trad ever been inaugurated in Kngtand. The enrolment of the volunteer force was a proof of their love for their country, and if the shores of old England were ever luvsded by a foreign foe t hen she was certain that every volunteer in the kingdom would gladly and quickly respond to the o.ill to arms, and would gallantly defend their hearths and homes, i Loud applause. She had lo inform them that, n order to encourage the Bedale Rifles she had dec-dad to offer throe special prizes to be shot for ou Raster Monday, and that afterward on some con venient d-ty. she would bo delighted to welcome them at Thorp Perrew, when he would present the prizes. Loud cheers, which where renewed a Her Ladyship left the Drill Hall. SKELTON. On Saturday the non com ml saloned officers and men of the G Company Skelton 1st Vol. Bit. P.W.O. Yorkshire Regiment held their Christmas prize-shooting on the Park ft-ingo. Five shots at 200 -aids range Bl ley targets, and scoring. Score te. Cooper, 19 points Pte. Ayre..!7 Sergt. Richards. 18 Sergt. Judson. 18 -. Col. Sergt. Wardm.ui. 16 Pte. Clark. 16 Pte. Muosom. 16 . Pie. J T. Peacock. 15 Pta. Jackson, 15 Pte. W. Winter. 14 Ptv. Walsh. 14 Pte. Baahley. 14 , Sergt. Holmes, 14 Pte. Pea cock. 14 Pta. Forster, .4 Pie. H. Winter. 14 Pte. Kl.hy, If Sergl. Ipst. Treen. 14 Pte. Boynton. 13 Cor d. Btders. 13 Pie, Lowe. 13 Bugler Cook. 13 1-mce-Corpl. Harkt r. 12, Pie. Walker. 12 Pie. Dawe, 12 Pte. O. Smith. 11 Pte. Cory, 11 Corpl. B. Smith. 11 Pte. Cook. 11 Lance-Corpl. Pawsey, 10 -, Pte. Thomas. 10 Pte. Gift, 9 Pte. Tindale, 9 Pte. Best. 9 Pte. Bultuer. 9 Pte. B. Winter, 8 Corpl. Robinson. 8 Pte Harding. 8 Pte. Garner, 8 Pte. Pattinaon. 6 . Pte. J. Hiehardaon, 6 Pte. Appleton. 4 Pte. Byers, 4 Pte. M. Richard son. 2 Pte Jolm on. 2 Pte. Hemlng. 2 Pte. Dixon. 2 Pte. Drury. 2 Corpl. Wilks, 0 Pte. J R Wilson, 0. In the evening, the distribution took place at the Arm jury, under the superintendence of the committee.- On ine nu i ion of Col.-Sergt. Ward-man. seconded by S -rgt. Richards, a hearty vote of thanks wat accorded to the generous donors ol prizes. Gi'UBBOUUH. -On Saturday the 4th Battery 1st N.R.Y. Artillery Volunteers held their annual Christmas prize sheeting at the Guisbrough Rifle Range. Five shots were allowed at 200 yards. The prlzrn srere in kind, given by the tradesmen. Principal scorere -8ergi.-Ma.tor Johnson. 16 Bomb. Bishop, 16 Corpl. Oosres. 15 Corpl. Cooke, 13 Bomb. Hanwell. 13 Wheeler Ditchhurn, 13 Sergt. Portenus, 13 Gunner Wheallen. 13 Trumpeter Jones. 12. - The annual Christmas prizo shooting of the Guisbrough Rifle Volunteers K Company waa held on Saturday. The distanoe was 200' yards, five shots. The ivizcs were In kind, given by the tradesmen. Result .-Sergt.. Williams. 22 points Sergt. Pairweather, 20 Sergt. Postgate, 19 Corpi. Lancaster. 18 Pee. Waller. 18 Lance-Corpl. Blackett, 17 Sergt. Calvert, 16 Sergt.-Inst. Morris, 16 Sergt. Gardiner, 15 _Pte. Byers, 14 football. OBSERVERS PENT LLINGS. Owing to tho abnormal pressure on our eaace these footlnll comments are held over uutil to-morro Wednesday . SATURDAY'S MATCHES. STO'.IKTON K BISHOP AUCKLAND. On Saturday the above teams met to fixime on the Victoria Ground, Stockton, before mcdf.ite attendance. O'-eknp Auckland kicked off beautifully lin weather. Mid exeu play A ,,T Stockton U nude o iungeroua pttAck the Auc -landitea sped up tho field nt d m idp s . ?ral dange.ous on Lvjflhcs on Stockton's citadel. The wore penned fn for t e eri i tniuntei, lUfttely getting away a sprint t y t too forwards gave Gray openiufif, tnat pla-.vr r it thron.d. t! fust roal. Warming up to their w . 1 the StvKiUion fm wards kept up a steady pressuro upon the vjsiuviV goal. Strachau twtd gran'.' olunce ir. goal but pul ounfde. warfare ragnl In Auckland territ ny lor a con.- ierable hme. and numerous scfitnmago araimd Go 'Sailors tools place., in which Be a Afield conM cuou for good duteivKv tactic . Stock on played pluckily. and th ir efforts um coit w.rc u'. i ug u rewarded hy a second goal being dc-fimma ed through. The re-m indc-'r oi the gain? up ti ! hvlMhne was all in favour ot the home team. Hitf-time score Stockton 2 goals. Bishop Auckland Nil. On crossing over the homester shawed prominently for a few minute , and then BhUep Auckland, with the ftdvair tge of the strong wind bhmtltg. made thing warm for tho Stockton defenders Oermont got. away on the right wing and centred well, but Strachan mulled. Another attack on the part of Stockton resulted in a corner being conceded them. Srr chan took, the kick, and Fairborn obtaining pos ewton of the bail put m a splendid ?hot. Bennett smartly e''acting The visitors forwards displayed only poor combination, and their attacks were 2 a consequence of only a very feeble nature Straahau made lino run half the length of tbe field, and centring. Daniel put through the tnirii goal for his t nm The game was wed-conf uted by both teams up till full time, when the eeore stood .-Stockton 3 goals. Bishop Auckland Nil. The teams were as follows ~ Stoc ton. -Goal. Meehan backs. Brannan and Bc t . halfbacks. Monteith Coebrane and Roth well forward. . Dermont Fairburu Daniels. Gray, aud Str chun Risuop Auckland. -Goal. Bennett backs. Bous field and Brown halt-bocks. Keenan. J Chatt. and Marshall i forwards. T Chatt, M r Stainthorpe, Lodge, and Good fellow. Referee. Mr G- Millar. Middlesbrough. MIDDLESBROUGH V DARLINGTON. These teams met on the Middlesbrough Ground on Saturday for the first time this season in a friendly fixture, the two clubs being repret' ed a follows r-Midolesruouoh.-Goal. Kltsor -jacks. T Bach and M Crie . halt-backs, Wynn. Lrndess and Morren forward . Cronshaw. Dunkerley, Drury. Stewart, and Frost. Dan LiltOTOK. -Goal Henderson backs, Norrle and M Gregor. halfbacks. Bird. Batmdale. end Camp bell forwards. Brown M'Laine, Turton, Oliver, ami Wai son. Middlesbrough played short of Bach for the first ton minutes, but opened strongly the Darlington defence Iteing severely laxed from a corner kick. M'Lafue and Campbell V-hin showed to tho front for the visitors, but again iho Skernes!du citadel was attacked and Henderson, whose excellent play was r feature of the game rejeotnd in brilliant fashion. The following play was fairly even but. not exciting, each team in turn going to the front without success, although t.he Darlingtontans at one time should have scored with ordinary care No soore was made when hostilities were suspended for the interval, and the second half proved equally barien of results. Cronshaw for Mid dlesbrough, and for the visitors, each carno very near scoring, but wheu tbe whistle announced tho end of tho game neither side had scored Middlesbrough 0 Darlington 0 SMALL HEATH V. MIDDLESBROUGH IRONOPOLI8. At Birmingham, before 1.500 spectators, on a heavy ground. A grand game was witnessed in the opening stages, both teams playing for all they were worth, and at the Interval neither side ecu id claim any advantage, the result ol ijrer. play being one point each. On roanming the game was continued to be fiercely and equally contested. Result • -Small Ifeath 2 goals Irencpolis 3 goal Da km noton St. Hilda's A v UtcifMoxD Town. -The friendly fixture was decided on the ground at Richmond ia fine sharp weather. The local team played towards the grand stand, but their opponent by the aid of Tolson drew first blood Be tore changing ends R. Stuaid equalised, and in the eeoond half D?.anan and T0U0.1 scored for the visitors. Then Richmond got. through from a scrimmage, and Just on t!r. call of time another was put through, but was disallowed. an l Si. Hilda's won by three to two Au okl a st and District League AssociATio .-Tow Law v. Wilmngto.i.-Played on the Tow Law ground oh Saturday afternoon. The visitors were no match for their rivals, who throughout took matters easily, winning a one-sided game by 6 goals to nil. SATURDAY'S RESULTS. The League. Sunderland, 3 We3t Bromwich, 0. Burnley, 1 Blackburn Itor rs, 0. Derby County. 5 Stoke, 2. Bvorton. 8 Sheffield Wednesday, 1. Notts Forest-. 3 Darwen. 0. Preston North End, 3 Newton Heath, 0. Wolverhampton Wanderers, 3 Aston Villa. 0. Bishop Auckland League Bishop Auckland Reserve. 1 Shfldon Town. 0. Rise Carr Hungers, 3 Shildon Rangers. I. SPORTING CHITABOB'S NEWS. NOTES. MoKDit Night. Racing will talcs pU° to-worrow rt Kompto P 4. and Duustoll Park, and ff lven we ther S crow£Tlholiday vtsitore ill 1 -wvft mretiug. At Kempton I fancy the follow ' Waterloo Streplocbase-Ka re H 4 Twickenham Maiden Hurdle Ilace revs r Hill or Rattle Cacklk. r r .cihfctna9 Hurdle Handicap-Mauinbb or Bzs G °Firk Maiden Hurdle Race- Bonus or Glbn-l.£wiek Selling Hurdle Rwe-CoLUKS'S H-mpton Bteeplodiaae-W ■ jIaN fn0, Bon .KO or Lain Hblpw. . At Duastall Park I shall depend on the follow ing -Ohriftfnaas Hunt TifiG-i or Rkphill. Cup Steeplechase-Altna-S! fual steeplechase-Beacon or Cool. f D dluy Handicap 8teeiilecha c - GiiF.oobt s BLjT. ft Uall Hurdle Plato-Tthol or Lokikocs. Wolverhampton Hurdle Handicap-Happr-H -Lrcr.Y r Punstbb. D1 natali Hunt Fiat Race-Ding Do o or PHD MONT 'X'Lorneycroft Hunt Flat Race-Axalvsi . CHiXABOB. Tuesday. Ktekitutlk 'maxm, afc Dep, H 11 S T I NO gBABONi FIRST - CLASS STAIH.Ha, OL SING KINO, and ererj aeoomasodaUi at livery. C. G. HILL, M.R.C.VA Lars Ownoan . CONISCIIPFB-BOAD, DARLINGTOff. TIME ROLLS ON. Sines T Iasi annanneed with pl Just sheet a fear age, To ail who had a UMlr leisure, What Havana I ooukl show. SPORTING ITEMS. Riplington has joined Hall's team at Middlebam, nd x dlpli Neville and Moira have left 6 teu Barrows for U inchester. We learn bsit Mr Harry Be s ey. o Eyrtfie d fl'WW, Cunrtgh, will bs married on January £ to Hit?. Field, daug rteref Mr P. Field, St Columl Ballybrack, '.To. Dublin. It id said to have baen on the adrtce of ft leading Lend m veterinary sun con that Mr Vvner decided to wit.hr-raw Marclon fr ra the Turf. There are now throe tires whoso fee it fixed ai £200. viz.. Marcion. IC-. d d, and Sheen. Thf veteran Alec Taylor, who has tK cn seriously !r ? is oaed and confinetl to hie room, is somewhat U. te . The horses in training ai Minton the property v'f lib Grace the Duke ot Beaufort ire all leaving for their owners private place at Badminton, where they will i 1 future be trained under tbe watchful eye of L rd . Somerset. 3. Mvans, who was so much cocweracd in the train ing o the splendid mare Signoriua, ha severed his conn ifclon withChevulier Ginistrelit, wboee private tiaitu r he has been for so long. Artnir Iw£hviu£all is nearly all right, again now, Ht i vi ill tie able to resume t hat work in the pig skin o' wivir-h lie is ruch a proficient. Captain ? T acliell is making fair progress towards r vu' ry. and it is rumoured that, lie lias been able to go fo short drives in lii carriage. The Dukes of Cambridge and York, who Live been shoot' ag over tho Choveioy Park preserves I his week Mi tr H. M'Calmont, Inspected the horses under Jewfti's charge at the Bedford Cottage training establ'shment. KEMPTON PARK MEETING, PR-LiRAMMB FOR TO-DAY. Horse razrkefl to have arrive,I.J. I A -The WATERLOO SKT.UN'i STKKPLR-, J . CH.VSIt PLATE of 60 ws oiir-.,-r olds list d , Rve list. 12lb, six end e v-.i 12 Ub I now deetore my stock is Tb.n it ever was before From Villare down to Lorrsnags. And twssty timet as many Bocks, InUinldsds. Cabanas, Vera Cru . and Mexieazis. Cubans. and Soltian Henry Cflay . and Don Ji Amadora . and Maitllla . And real good old BriWab. tool But you should try the Bspadiitas, Wliatsoevsr rise you do. I ATiMITAGB begs to call attention to Uia ebni eriseUoii of onburnt offerings. Ha also wUass to ray that fie Uvea to almost wire and oertaia hops that they may all be laid in dust and aahea before the New' Year dawws HAPPY SBABOKS GBBBTtHO. Darlington. FOOTBALL GOSSIPI! 1 All PsoShaden shonM read tbs pOOTBALL J OTES On all the Hatch , in ths Dtstrto By ~ Baager in the AUCKLAND cbroniolk T 1 Two mii-!1 PrivHte . G. i . e .... Private ..PrivUi , ..Swattor ..Privet .... !V At lb IX. h . IX 12 a 12 it.. 12 a .12 a..12 5.. 11 12 5.. 11 12 ■win e.- J. be sold for 50 sows. Mr H ,T ' 3 .rt-lay's Kisca Mr F Coinis Lvmtngton Sir F Iren fell's Kandahar Mr C Fitomuscn'? Great Paul Mr E Woodland's Thcodoric . Mr R V o.l mi's Crofter iir Swinlou Mi .3 Woodland's Konic M 3 Woodland's Mofe's, 4 Shildon Y.M.F. Society Reserve, 0, Eastbourne Rovers, 3 Bank Top Juniors, 0. Stockton N K It.. 2 Thoraaby N.B R.. 0. CHRISTMAS DAY OAMES. IRONOPOLIS V. NEWCASTLE UNITED. These teams met in a League Second Di-'llion fixture on Monday. About tics minutes after the •tart the 'Nop,, who were playing with the wind, scored through Grewar hut Tolaoil soon equalised, in the first part of the second half the Nops were mostly on the defensive, and though they had the best of the game towards the close no further score was mode, and the game ended-Irouopoli. 1 Newcastle United I MIDDLESBROUGH V. SOUTH BANK. This was a Northern League match played an Mon day, but it sras a very one-sided game. Middlesbrough winning easily by' goals to 1. CHHlSXMAS RESULTS. Bury, l Sunderland 1. Burnley, 4 Sheffield United, l Stoke, 3 North Bnd. 3. Glasgow Rangers. 2 Kverton, 1. Woolwich Arsenal. 4 Bursiem Port Vala, L Accrington, t Liverpool, 0. Blackburn Rovers, 4 , Darwen, 1. Darlington. 0 Stockton. 0. Richmond Town. 3 Darlington Central, 1. Howden Rangers. 5 Redaar and Contham United, l. Darlington Station Porters Walton's teem. 4 Bllerker's team. 2. Bishop Aucklssd v. Ditu.ix-jToa St. Hilda's.-At Bishop Auckland on Christmas Dtv, before s good field. The t wins, ineluding only Bousfield. Lodge. Brown. Stainthorpe, and M irahhlt. of the first team, were fairlv level, and the one score to the game wss made by W Straohsn. of South-road. Shildon Town. 2 . Shildon Rangers, L P i,j r.d s end Compinto St,trie . I Clows. Gardening P ,hole Budget of Interesting Bending. Curiosity Cob ,at 1 Clows. Gardening Notes, Ladies' -old- !H . ft •© sr tr s •! for t vi • it. ..SwatlOlf a e i 3 Lfcmbt n 3 ....Prlvf..- .1 j ...Priv i t , i?. 3 ....Private 1 Si S M K'.ijr Yc 0 HaUf.x Vi If ....Pri .if • , v 0 .Burhl'.L i n ft ..Vendor or direct from JjlRAZER'S rpABLETS JMMITED, 8a. KIRBY-STREET. HATTON GARDEN, LONDON. B.O. SOLB PROPRIETORS 1,243 RUGBY. WEST HARTLEPOOL V. SOUTH SHIELDS. At West Hartlepool iu beautiful weather. West kicked off, a minor resulting. A penalty kick to West resulted in a goal by Hopps. and even play pre ceded a try by Horn, Hcppa cleverly converting. During a rough second half, the only point scored was a goat from a penalty kiok by iusael Final score -West Hartlepool A penalty goal and a goal from try 8 point . South Shields A penalty goal 3 point . HALIFAX V. HARTLEPOOL ROVERS. On Hanson-lane ground. Halifax. About 4,000 people were present. The home team early showed hey were in good trim, and Jackson ran and dodged from centre to tlm visitors' line, but Oborley missed a pass when he could lie- walked in. After another -rand di. ptav bv tha home looks Fletcher scored in a oose lush, Keepings Improving. Restarting, the visitors we.-e aw -rded a penalty, and Aldertou, by a Inige kh k. struck the post, the ball fulling back Into lav. Firtli next effected a fine run iu after passing ly'three or four of his colleigues. and Fleteher added another try, both these being Improved by Keepings. H.irtlepool were awarded a penalty, and Alderson dropped a beautiful goal. At the Inf' real Halifax led by fifteen point to three. After the restart the visitors played up grandly, and Snowden almost scored. Halifax seeing. After the drop out. the home forwards dribbled in a body, Fleteher scoring hit third try, Keepings converting. ' ' ' ' k for There is no better cure for Golds, Coughs. At I mas and Broaohitta than •• Bunom's Balsam or Hor -uourd Aim OeLTerooT. Just try a bottle. 1 1 and ffi. all Chemist . VlO 8tn,rkouxi 3oap it a delicately refined, chemically pure Soap, intended for general use, and U free from the lojoriotss acrid oil peculiar to common, imper fectly prepared seeps. Sulphoiln Soap is exesllenl for washing at ail time , aod rendering the skto soft, and pliable Tablets, 8d each. Sold ovary-tlTT Akncs to VoniMI-Are you broken In your net a a sick ah lid suffering with tha pain of enWiag teeth t at oaoe to a chemist and get hotel# of Mu Wrxaizjw's Soornxa Strut, which ha bun mad ever SO years by millions ef mothers foe their children while teething, with psrfisot soooesa It Is perfeetty hams toss aad pleasant to taste, It produces natural, quiet sleep hy relieving the ohttd from pain, aad the little ohtntb asrakes •• as bright as a button.' H aoothas tha ehM, It softens tiie gams, alleys all C hi, relieves wind, ragnlates tha bowels, and to the it known rensady for dysantarv and diarrbose. whtikez yrtotog from toaahing or ether eautea Sold by Ohemlsts srevwhere at Ul d pat bottfo. 4 Ca Bi?wicke's Or. • rc x ati Mr II Clifford'i • 71b ex II '? • L ril Omlley'b UuroW .AJ r . Mr G.-tr r -t Mor.reV Theddi vlus ...J WilV.ttf f . Mi -V Marshal's Conway b Mi G Gi jtit's B tu'r Swat-ten 1...10 tl Mr W K Grktland'ft U oU m II , Sydney 3 IU 10 Mi . A Millase Dudley Handicap Steeplechase Cod au Hurdle Plate for Halifax, got Winskill. wbft was p'aying hall lwcl hnrl anil left the field at this stage. Rlgg added a grand try. Keepings improving, aud then Hodgson twice ttoie Haiitax opponents' passes and once scored. On the second occasiuu lie gave he bail to Alderson, who got a try. A splendid game ended vrith the fol lowing score -Halifax 5 goals 25 points Hartlepool Rover 2 goals 1 try 11 points WESTOE V, DURHAM CITY. At South Shields, before 2.000 apectatora, and In fine weather. Tbe Cite had slightly the best of the first half, and Smeddle scored lor them. Graham missing the goal. On changing ends Wesloe showed to greater advantage, Barle storing twice in quick succession, oue try being converted by Robertson. Durham tried h rd to cqualhe but failed, and a fast game ended as follows i-Westoe 1 goal 1 try. Durham 1 toy. Houghton r Tudhov..-Flayed at Houghton. CapL H. F Fenwick, M P kicked off or the borne team. Three were over 1 000 ipw'atoni present to the first pv, tion ef the game the home team showed beet fores bnt tagged down. M'Oann and Weinferd •cored for Tudhot before the interval, but the laet named player failed to convert. Half-time-Tudhoe. 2 tries Houghton nil. In the second interval both teams strove hard to obtain the upper hand, and a splendid game ensued, but before the final Wainford again scored. Final-Tudlioe. 3tries Houghton, nil Ymtnx i Nomine that produoas suoh perfae sweetness and cleanliness as Hudson's Boas Tht Wf fUfi Thbozt Armoring# iwv HosganixiA-Baowx's Biosciui Trocsis, which hiv proved o sticoMt-ful In America for the cure of Cou nt. Cold , Hoar e-ness Brouchitto. Asthma. Oatarrh or any irritation or soreness of the threat, are now imported and sold In this country at Is ljd per bo . Fut up In the form of lozenge. It • the most convenient. pteasaDt safe end sure remedy for efoaring and streogttieuing tiie voice In the world. No family should be without them. The genuine have the word Browk's Brom-tJR 00 ? 10 on the stamp around tofdoD-ro l. od .12.45 1.15 1 45 2.15 2 45 3.13 3 45 Arthur. Brecon, ■illiurst, '. llird's ' i.hlow. l-.'i.ster, s-idin . XV,1 .-i-rli.impton Hurdle Handicap ...... . Durstall National Hunt Flat Race ... Tho nrcrof' Natinua! Hunt Flat lla.v Axnv ua-Actor, Altnaveigli, Ansiyet Ar ichi.t. Baldersund. Buella. il d. ud Uliu Clii'. 'r . Cod, Ding Dang. E't'enrr. I Galdim Oriole. Grand Mailer. 8 any u Vy . Hippy Go Luot.y. I.ard Cnrti.gan. ! Mi Nellie Medley. Novel, Oak, Friina- ita P-reuasiou, Potisson. Philmont. Rej.cu-. Surprise. Safe Cure. Tr nlhaiii, Tempt tlroa.. Trlbci Violet Blossom. Warrioi. Zclwa. OUi - -p eteti this rnoiomg. Bju Vue Ghounds. Stoceto .-On Sourttuy tile final heals of Hr J. Dufour's 200 yard Miiight-ont dog luutdicap by merit were rnn off at '.. ,iie,ve grmints In fine weather. The amount o a,,- fi n . prim- war £7. second £1, and third 10. In Uic -remd round tho following .logs won theli lusts - Good-fellow's Monte Carlo, M'Pbcreon'a Younc. Donuuo Bill's Goad Boy, Bill's Meg. Coulson's Lucky Souia Cummins' Miss Hermit. Humtiuey's Jinn y Kemp N d't Telephone. Harold's Fair Bxchan -e, T e Mill berry, Boott's Little Flower Bui mar's Never Nothing Tb-rd roimd-First bent- 1 Jimmv Keinp 2 Mill' berry 3 Fair Exchange . 4, Never Noihing. W.m bv naif a yard same between secoo-t and rhlr l. S -cond heat. 1, Meg 2, Mias Hermit, 3. Lut'.iy Sr-ks- 4 Monte Carlo. Won by a foot half a vrd j. tweaii second and third. Third heat 1, Tii.pV.ne 2 Young Domino 3,Good Boy 4.Lluie w 0 by a foot luilf a yard between aeoond h, ,i third Final 1. Jimmy Kemp 2, Trlephonc W.,u by • yard si inches betwren see. t, t fretting on the final 2 to 1 on Jimmy I' Telephone, and ft to 1 M' Sint er, George Samuels capper, Tom Callender. Meg. The cm judge, Tom S-. Meg. u third. to 1 ware -haodi-EMPLOYERS requiring the SERVICES of raeb parsons, 6d. 16 WORDS 6d. 3 IffSERnoNe. 1 3n 6 fHxnimoKx, 2 . The same Prepaid Rato ia charged fnr Situation V, retftfl Situations Offered Apartments Wonted or To Let Money Wanted or Off need Hour To Let Article, l.oet or Found Specifio Article# Offered For Sale Butineanan to h. Oixposed Of Partnerahipa Wanted an Offere d and Miaeatlaneon Want . Parlumentary Notioea, Election Addroaaaa, Proa-pe.tvwea of Publie Com panic , ke., 9d per line of apace occupied. Other Legal and Statutory Notice . Municipal Parochial, County end School Board Addreaeea, 6d per line. Vw all Advcrtisemanto, exeept thorn above speci fic. 1, tbe rate are as followa -For the fin insertion 6d per line of paoe 2 to 5 oonaecntivu insertions 4d pet line 6 to 11 3jd 12 to 18 3d per line. Advertisements not inserted eon-sucutively are charged jd per line per rasertiea Sktra. BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEATHS ivhieh must bn prepaid and authenticated by the r.ame aad addrea of the sender the charge i X 3d for the firti 16 words and 3d for caek additional six srorda. BRANCH OPfflCBB BITnni.ESBROUOH -ADvrt oad STOCKTON-Borough Mali Building . HAfTLEPOOL-28, High-treet. WEST HARTLRPOOli-1. ~ SURDERI AND-S6. Villio street . BISHOP AUCKLAND-49, Newgate-atretk HBAD OFFTCB PBI R8TOATB, DARLINOTOl N B-Cheques and Konev Order may be make payable to J. O. HAH BOTTLE. , Church-etreet. i off Higto To ri xWxsE-SiuirrEn. -Flret cost onl tucls, z. la pled by me aavl'angad free. T, ,, 8 ?p ®' CffOdA-OnaruruL aad -Bv ft thorough kjMwiodrc of the uatnr.il '-x,. which govern the operation uf .figretmn and m,teiT.,m d by appl cation of the fine prepertk- wrih •ei.ft'L-d Oncoa. curl J.-ith every pair. Oaly addr ws M Franks. Gpthalmto Byasight Tasting Rooms, 48, I Opt u iau Middles' all Spee-guarantee Optl brougfs. Albart-vosd, M2 fast and supper a de fly flavoured bcve,a e which ma,- save us many heavy doctors' bills. 1 i, , v the jc- cion use of such article, of diet thet ,i .-ooatltu-t on rnavbe gradually built upuni i' t u -ii. ugh by keeplug purs-iw, .a! forti-bloed and a properly nourish. 1 frame. -v'.wi frsrviee Garettii.-Made.simply w th ,, line dlk.-Stid only In punivls. by Ore-cerf Co. Ltd., H in eoiwthlc ti , OsJ NtoB 7 l Tb k ' r, '' E m a o-o .0,e •r i vYi nto-Hxtfect A thin of r u ii a. vnu . newsritt many banatciaily uking the pUoeot i a.k i N ia Print # at ths Northern Bobo Buildings. FrleatraW Dar.iagton, by tha Northers E.-h,i Cvmpaa rwgate-street, B shop Auckland-all in the Coun-y of Durham J Aibort-road, Middlesbrough, in tile Oounty w York and at 191, Float - street, London. a.O Oetesty of Middlasox. TUESDAY, Dxcxsiau S, lttk
[OCR_aligned] f41 THE T0-DAT8 WEATHER FORECAST. Hortk-k t.-Westerly winds, moderate fair during greater part of day, but not settled. NOltTH COUNTRY NEWS. of the Auckland Ckvan@ de and South Durham and Cleveland Mercury @@u preeeutaxl a beautiful coloured portrait @° Mm OUdutooe, printed oo @boo-toned paper, and suitable for framing. The publishers have made arrangements by which those wishful to preeerse the portrait of the wife of the Premier in a permanent fora can be supplied with artistic oak frames at either Is 6d or 2s 6d each. The first-named size is 13 inches by 11, three-quarte@@@@@t oek frame, the portrait being on a cream ®onnt, and covered with good glass. The 2s 6d frame measures 16 inches by 13 inches, the oak being an inch in width, with gold slip inside. @Beam mount, and extra quality glass. These frames are exactly similar to those supplied last year, which gave such satisfaction. # A few copies of our last year's supplement, Itr Gladstone's portrait, remain unsold, and copies may be had for Id each by post ljd mi application to the Publisher, Northern Echo, Darlington. Mr John Richardson, olerir to the magistrates at Thi@nk, and clerk to the Birdford Highway DEATH OF SIR G. ELLIOT. BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. After an illnesa of three or four weeks Sir George Elliot, Bart@, died at his town residence on Saturday afternoon, from acute pneumonia and complications, the result of a chill caught at Cardiff some time ago. The history of Sir George Elliot belongs to the romance of commerce. The various episodes in the life of the •• bonnie pit laddie, who was the architect of his owu fortune, would furnish suitable material for the venerable author, Samuel Smiles, if he wished for another illustra@ Board, and Conservative agent, died on Saturday at his residence, Sowerby, Thirsk, aged 76. Early on Sunday morning. Jamas Collings 31 , a labourer, living at No. 1, Newport-street, Mid@ dlesbrough, was discovered by his mother with bis clothing in flames@ He went home drunk on the previous night and lay before tho kitchen @Are. where he was found as described. After the lapse of tome time Dr. Scanlan was called in, and find@ ing him suffering from severe burns about the logs, he ordered his removal to the Workhouse infirmary. A Minor Killed.-Henry Richardson 26 . of Victoria-rows, died in an hour from the effects of a fall of coal whilst hewing in North tlitchburn Colliery on the 22nd inst@-Inquest to-day. ! Assault on tu Folic aT Gotsbhoooh.-At GuisbrodfiV on Saturday, William Buck@worth, billposter, of Guisbrough, was fined 10s and costa for being drunk and disorderly at Guis@ brough on the 22nd inst. He was alto sent to prison for three months for assaulting Sergt. Calvert. When arrested he bit one of the offioet's fingers severely. 8.8. Gwendoline Relief Ptnro.-The follow@ ing further subscriptions have been received by Messrs Swan Brer., of Middlesbrough, in aid of the relatives of the crew of the @.s. Gwendoline -Messrs Cochrane, Grove, fc Co., £S Messrs Constantine, Pickering fc Oo., £5 Hr J. Walton, J.P., £5 Messrs English fc Co., £4 4s Mr J. Ritchie, £2 2s sundry amounts, £36 total to date, £431 2s 6d. Stoxxsley Guardians.-At the fortnightly meeting oo Saturday-the Rev. George Prowde in the chair-the Matter reported number of inmate@ SI, as ootnpared with S3 last year. Number of vagrants relieved during the past fort@ night 72, as compared with 43 last year.-At the meeting of the School Attendance Committee-the Rev. Geo. Prowde in the ehair-Mr Smith, aebool attendance offloer, reported that the attendance for November was S as compared with 85 for same month last year. Fatal Fall at Hartlupool.-Thomas Owth-@waite 46 , a labourer residing at 29, Blamford@ street, Hartlepool, died on Monday morning from injuries received through falling down tho cellar stai@n at the Durham Hotel on Saturday night. A man named Benjamin Outhwaite was sitti@o ia the cellar-kitchen when he heard someone fall down the stairs, and on opening the door he found the deoeased lying ou his shoulder at the bottom of the stairs unable to move. He was taken home and attended to by Dr . Ainsley tnd Gtbb, but died soon after the aouident occurred. Oollboiath SCHOOL. 8altbi n.-On Friday BUgbt, in the presence of a large audience, the@@@@@ went through a long and varied programme, wbioh included some of the choruses from the Messiah, part songs, glees, dumb-bell exercises with musical accompaniment, and ended with a capitally performed farce entitled • The Irish Tutor. During the interval the prises were dis@ tributed by Mr Walton, who made a few kind remarks to each recipient. He also paid a warm tribute to the abilities of the head master, Mr Southern, who, he said, reooguited the fact that education consisted more in drawing out a boy's powers and making him think for himself than in filling a boy's mind with matters which would be forgotten in three months. IMPUDENT ThBFT AT WuST Hartlepool.-At West Hartlepool on Saturday, a respectable-@looking man natnod John Haig Robinson. 36, was charged with stealing a tape line and several other instruments, the property of Mr Garry, in September last. Prisoner went to prosecutor in September last and pleaded poverty, begging for employment. He appeared well-educated and competent to make surreys, and on these grounds Mr Garry employed him to do certain work in connection with tome new buildings. He only remained a few days, however, and then absconded, taking with him the tapd line, fcc. Information was given to the polios, and Sergeant M'Dooga@U arrested the prisoner as he was being discharged from Northallerton prison. - He pleaded guilty, previous oonvictions being put in by Superintendent Parkinson, and he was sent to prison for three mouths. DaKLIBOTON TEMPERANCE Union. - At the seoently held December meeting, the following officers were unanimously elected, vis. -Presi@ dent. Mr J. B. Hodgkin vice-president, Rev. T. S@hmelev treasurer, Mr J. Noble collector and financial secretary, Mr T. Hamilton secretary, Rev. Fradk. Naylor assistant-secretary, Mr A. @Queens and the following were chosen on the oasositive, vi@a -Rev. J. Duncan, M.A., Rev. W. Scarborough, Rev. J. C. Brewitt, Mr R. Todd, Mrs Gurney Pease, Rev. Dr. Cullen, and Mrs Wood. Among other items of interest the Secretary reported that Mr R. Summers aooora-peeled him to the great totnperanoe convention recently held in London, where he was well •eeeived by temperance friends, editors, critics, and all who taw his remarkable painting, and that the general consensus of opinion was that Mr Summers was greatly gifted. It has been deter@ mined to give his picture, ''The Doing@ of Drink, its mission to the masses by reproducing it in a first-class ohromo lithograph to soil at Is. This will be issued about the first week in Feb@ ruary, 1894. tion of how genius united with persoverauee can raise a man from humble surroundings to stand before prince . He was born in 1816, and on a noteworthy day-June 18-when the battle of Waterloo was fought. Hi@ father was a Mr Ralph Elliot, luid hia mother a daughter of Mr Henry Braitbwaite, of Newcaatle. Those were not the days of compulsory education, and a very brief time having been spent iu this direction, young Elliot commenced to earn his own living aa a pit boy under his father at Peimhaw Colliery, adjoiuiug liisuative place, and bu remained in the p.t until he was nineteen, being a practical witness of the great strike of 1831-2, which ha@ been des@ cribed as the most bitter struggle between Capital and Labour ever known in modern times. During the last two years of bis pit life he studied mathematic@ under two local masters, George Watson and Peter Nicholson, who did much to compensate for any deficiencies in early tuition, and to whose timely Servians Sir George has attributed his subsequent success. His next important step was • his entrance into tho office of the late Mr Thomas Sopwith, the eminent geologist, as apprentice, land surveyor, and mining engineer. Here he was engaged in the drawing of plans for the Forest of Dean, and in surveying the line of railroad from Darlington to York. In 1836 he obtained the appointment of overman at his former colliery-Penshaw, and such satisfaction did he give to employers and men alike that in the following year he was made under-viewer at Moukwearmouth, and _ sub@ sequently chief viewor. His practical ability in dealing with the interests entrusted to his ctre, and bis tact in a Ijusting the relations between masters and men caused bis service# to have a value which bis years alone would scaroely have warranted. At 21 year@ of age ho had married a daughter of Mr George Green, of Raiuten, Houghton-le-Spring, Durham, who during the forty-four sears of wedded life that they enjoyed she died in 1880 prove.! a valuable and worthy helpmeet to her aspiriug partner. In 1840, wheu he was only 25 years of age, he became a ooalowner on bia own account by enter@ ing into partnership with Messrs Backhouse k Mnuusey in the purchase of Washington Colliery. This concern he personally managed, whilst at the same time retaining his post at Monkwear-@moutli. Mouey, that golden kay to prosperity, was now at hia eommaud, and in three years h@@@@o able to lease the coalmines at Haworth, MIDDLESBROUGH PANTOMIME. NORTHERN ECHO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1893 •• LITTLE RBD RIDING HOOD. The Middlesbrough pantomime, Little Red Riding Hood. ' wee produced foe the @@Bnt time on 8 turd j night, when tho Theatre Royal was well patronised. The Milton Rays, whose name is associated with many previous pantomime successes, have been entrusted with the produc@ tion, and Mr Percy Milton has written the libretto in a free and humorous stylo, bringing into the story all the characters of the old nursery tale and adding a host of others whose deeds of daring or terrible maohiuations all contribute to make the book most interesting and amusing. With the rise of the curtain a new and very pretty idea is carried into effect. Old Patber Time discovers Frolic, the Genius of pantomime, and proceeds to discuss the title of the approaching production, @hereupon a series of tableaux vivants is exhibited, including Jack the Giant Killer, tho Babes in the Wood, Robinson Crusoe, and Little Red Riding Hood, their selection falling upon the last-@named. The next scene represents the Village Fair, which is a very pretty set. Here we are introduced in quick succession to the Wolf, Simon and Stout, Dame Trot who makes DEATH OF A STOCKTON MISSIONARY. We regret to record the death of Mr A. H. Clarke, which took place at bis residence at Stockton, after a brief illness, on Saturday. The deceased gentleman had fur a number of years acted as missionary to the doaf and dumb ill the Teesside district, aud was held in much esteem by all who knew him. His wife died two years since at about the same period of the year as the present. Three girls anu a boy are left. and deep sympathy is felt with them in their irreparable loss. VOLUNTEER NEWS. DARLINGTON. On Friday, the member@ of the Darlington Coro pani@c of the 1st V.B. Durham L@ I SMerohied in their Drill Hail to receive Mr- annual prize@ @m kind gitvt homesters but ulti-the Slo.-k-wliich, from au utiremunerative enterprise, became under his able management a paying property, and its area greatly extended. In 1851 Mr Elliot resigned his Monkwear-@mouth appointment to accept the larger responsibilities of chief consulting _ end mining engineer to the late Marquis of Londonderry, who found in the young Tyne-siiler an efficient coadjutor in his project of making a shipping port at Beaham. By 1864 the wheel of time bad made au entire revolution for him, aud in that year he beoame the owner of the very colliery where forty year@ before he bad worked as a pit laddie. Looking farther afield, he was also able to carry into effect bis scheme for the purchase of the Powell Duffryn Collieries in South Wales, aud subsequently the Aberaman and the Cwm Noel mines in the same district. A few years previous he bad been appointed agent for Messrs Kuper fc Co., wire-rope manufacturers, whose business was in process of liquidation. Bringing to this undertaking the same shrewdnens aud business capacity that distinguished him in hit other multifarious occupations be in two years greatly reduced the liabilities, and eventually oonstitutod himself proprietor of the undertaking, offering to the creditors the full amount of their claims and interest up to the time of payment, and a handsome allowance to the members of the original firm for their reversion. Mr afterward# Sir Eduard Glass joined him, and the new firm, under the title of Glass k Elliot, took up tiie manufacture of telegraph wire@ and eablet, being the first to adopt the method of wire covering for submarine cables. In 1864 the business, with the Gutta Perch@ Company, was merged into the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Com@ pany, under whose auspices the Atlantie cable was laid in 1866. The Franoo-Amerioan, British-@Indian. and British-Australian oables were also constructed by the same company. It must have been one of the most pleasurable reminiscences of Sir George Elliot's busy life to have been actively connected with enterprises whieb had had suoh an important bearing on the commercial @Ufe and development of this country. A digression may here be made in order to glance at Sir George Elliot's connection with politics, his experiences in this connection being of an exciting, if not always of a successful kind. His first appearance in the political arena was in 1868, when he stood for North Durham in the Conservative interest. A staunch supporter of Lord Beaoonsfield, it wat thought probable that a man of the people would be able to win a seat for the Tories, and the surmise proved correct. Sir George Elliot headed the poll with 4,649 votes, his colleague, 8ir Hedworth Williamson L , obtaining 4,011, and Mr I. Lowthian Bell being unsuooessful with 3.822. In 1874 he again Con-Riding . . Miss Muffet, the eccentric Bioks, and Ferdinand, the mashing leader of the banditti. The action of the piece in Soone II. discloses the nefarious, plot of the Wolf and the Baron to abduct Red Riding Hood, a plan which it foiled by the timely arrival of Boy Blue, who, however, is himself captured in the succeeding aud very effective scene, Glow-worm Glade. In this scene@@ wonderful mechanical dragon makes its appear@ ance, as well as three veritable giants in black, whose antic@ create the liveliest amusement. In this scene Mis@ May Bertier gives a very oharra ing serpentine dance@ Beene VI. represents the Dame's cottago, where some very entertaining business is introduced by the Sitters de Castro. Next we find Boy Blue a prisoner in the Castle dungeon, and then the scene is transferred to tho Palace, where Messrs Clements and Poster give their very comical and extremely clever knock@ about show. Fur a first night the remarkable smoothness of the production was a matter of common comment, there being never a hitch from start to finish, a fact which speaks highly for the energy and ability of Mr W. E. Potts, under whose direction the panto@ mime is being produced, and of Mr W. F. T@mde.ll, who is responsible for the stage arrangements. The company it a good all-round combination, and if it has a weak point it probably lies with the voealista. Mitt Ivy Dungate makes a very sweet Red Ridiug Hood, aud sings in a charming manner Boy Blue is a really vivacious and up-@to-date young man in the able hands of Miss Lixzie Boone Miss Emily Hughes makes a obarming Miss Muffet Miss Maude Stoaeham a@ Fer@ dinand acts with all the requisite ehio tbe Sisters d@ Castro distinctly score with their very clever skipping-rope danse Mr Georgs Fairley does well as Dame Trot, but will do better when ho rids himself of his present hoarseness Mr Gut. W. Blake and Mr George Kingstone, as the Baron aud Btnks respectively, saute much amusement but Messrs Ctsments and Foster's impersonation of Simple Simon and Johnnie Stout is undoubtedly the funniest part of the show. The Continental quartet contribute some very pretty ballets. The scenery has been painted by Merer@ John Clark, Helmsley, Coleman, and Hemmiogway, with a winter view of the park gates by Mr Charles Kirkbam, which shows great eare. The music is arranged and composed by Messrs T. Bayliss and H. York the oosturees have been supplied by Miss Fischer, Mary Featherstone, See. and new and popular songs are introduced by permission of Messrs Francis Day k Hunter, Mocattn k Co.. Sheaed k Co., Howard k Q., Dobrowlski k Co., fcc. bv the tradespeople and gentry ol Darlington Ti vita goodly array of prize' moat suitable for Hr.-eea-on. comisling of geese, turkeys@ hoof, muiton@ groceries. Ac., Ac., also in any nice prizes in fancy articles. Major W. Prii ■'man and Cap!. T. B. Swin@ burne were present. The prises nuinlwred 1,2, to be divided amongst 98 competitors, who @hnt for them. -Coiour-Sorgt@ W. Qoldsborough, D Company pro@ posed a vote of til n i. In i. ie donors, winch was seoondesi by Colour s, rgt@ F Rtney. wbo In his speech also referred to the many valuable and useful prizes that were there, and lie eery low scoring made by certain of the competitors, who lie warned to do much baiter in 1891. as the conditions of shooting would probably be altyr-d by I he N@@O. officers of the dstt, vrho had all the trouble of collecting tbe prizes, and the careless competitor might not then get a look In. - Colour-Sergt Instructor Sraythe assisted the Mijor in the arrangements, which were efficiently carried out. BISHOP AUCKLAND. The Christmas shooting of the A and B Companies of tbe 2nd V.B@D@L@I took place oo tbe Newton Cap Range on Saturday for the prizes given by the office@s and tradesmen. Weather waa good-cold cold strong wind from the east Lieut. Goose presided st the distribution of prizes, awarded as under -Sergt. Mulemeiit. 32 point . Ouarter-Mastei Greenwell. 311 Sergt.. H. Robinson, 30. Corpi Bland 28. Corpt Riddle. 28 Pte@ W. W. Smith. 281 Corpt M-Millan. 2T . Corpl. Tilton. 21 Corpl J Robinson, 27 Pte. Hogarth. 28 Pte@ Rodgers 26 8nrgt@ 8herrett. 26 Sergt. Wetherell. 26 Pte. Daniels@ 2@ Corpl. Holt. 23 Sergt@ K Horn. 23. Pte@ Walker 23 p.dnls. Pte. M. Brown Out.-Sergt-Oreanwull, and Pte. C II. Cherrett. Pie. Dowell@ 22, Sergt. Dowan 21 points. Pte@ T@ W Johnson. Corp Barnett. Lunon.-Oitrp. May. Pte@ Bng'is@l Pie. W Cooper, Pie. Onrt@@R and Pte. O. Jcd.n-on Corp. liartmru 20@ Corp. Flynn. Pte. J. W. Robinson. Pte. 0. Gnwton. Pte. W. Strachan. and Pie@ @X Dent Pte@ Qil@m Thompson 19, Pte. Hd. Hull. Pte@ Monaghan. Pte. P. H@ Smith, Pte@ j@ Thonipson. Pte@ H. Nevtson. Laooe-Oorp. H. Robinson@ and Pte@ @B Robin ton Pte. Hopplewhlte 18. Pte@ W. Anterson. and Pte. Bitaon Pte@ W. Horn If, Pte W. Smith@ Pte@ Joseph Smith, and Pte@ Forties Pte. W@ Harding 16. Fte@ R@ wood. Pte. J@ Wood Corpl. Clark, and Pie@ D.yvnn 15. Pie. Condon and Pte@ P. Patttoon i 14, Pta. Watson. Sergt. W@ Robinson Snrgt@ Curry. Sergt. Hall. Pte@ J@ Hoed, and Pte. W Dodds 13. Pie@ J Manley. Pte@ W. Smith@ Pte. W@ Hcdgsnn. Pte@ R. Rsine, Pte. Blacklock. and Pte. J. W. Cooper 12. Pte. C. Perringten. P-e@ Varl Pte. J@ Hopsvood Pte@ Henderson. Pte. T. Johson, ar,d Pte@ @B Wi@der 11. Pte@ W. iiaw. Pte. @B M inley, Pte@ @O Bradley and Pte. J. Slee 10. Pte. G. Marlin. I'm. C K@@@m Pte@ A. Morgan. Pte. J@ Smith@ Pie. J@ Barnwell, and Pte. A CHRISTMAS GREETING. To the Editor of the Northern Echo. Sib,-Will you kindly give room in your valuable paper for the appended note, wishini you and your paper a merry Christmas a@u prosperous and useful Hew Year. How do you like Accrington P That has taken the ground from below the feet of that useless assembly the House of Lord . As a working man I look upon Keir Hardie aa one of the greatest hindrances to the advancement of labour reforms of any man in the country, whether he be Tory or Liberal@@, should truly like to come across tbe Tory eatspa@i -I am, yours respectfully, Guo. Finlat. The Mount, Bast Leyton, Aldbrough, Darling@ ton, Dec. 22nd, 1893. REPRESENTATION OF CLEVELAND. To the Editor of the Northern Echo. Sib,-Mr R. Rowland not being a resident In this country at the present time, it would be open out a discussion on business that wss transacted at tho time that Cleveland was made a separate Farliaraentar@ division when he is not here to speak for himsel@@@ that f would advise Mr only say Reynolds if he is Hr Rowland's friend that be W. H? TSi, 9, Corpl T Gct'nlbh . 7. Corp! T. Connor , Pte. Hopwood, Pte@ J@ G@ lohrisf, ami Li.?ut, Goose , OerpL@ Owens 6. Pte. M@wlioll. Pie. G. Hoppe. Pte. It. Dttjf, and Pte. Wilton Pte. J@ Hopper i. Pte. J. B. Clark, Pte. B. Smith. Sergt. Condon Bugler Moore. Corpl. Leighton, aul Ft . J@ Vittv Pte@ Todd J, Pte. @@@@@@Robinson. Pte. ifui .ftmuo'v Pte. G. Teonington, 7 and Sergt. Selby Pte@ IlmkAby L BriDALE. LADY MILBAKK ON VOLUNTEERING. On Saturday night the prlisea won at tho recent Chr@ktnuM prtae ehootlng of the B Oomp vny. BefLile, were distributed to the Volunteers in their Drill Hall t. Bedale by Lady Milbanlc. E'icb competitor had fired t n shots at 200 yards, bnt the scoring was very low in oonsequence oi a very high wind which pre@ vailed. The priee distribution was made under the superintendence of Col. Ssrg@L Instructor Whltelock. who was ably assisted hy Col.-Sergt@ Richardson. Prlae list@@Sergt. R. M'ilm-r, 31 Lance Corpl. W. Metcalfe. 31 j Pte. II. Houltnn. 31 Lan@@oSergt. @R Diwson. 30 Pte. 8. Stn@km. 21 Col@-Sergt. @P-Richardson, 28 Col.-Sergt- Instructor Whltelock. 28 Pte. J. T. Horner, 27 Bugler 9. Constantine. 27 Pte. A- 8pence, 27. Corpl. @Q Swales. 27, Sergt. J. Tindale, 28 Lonoe-Corpt. W. Sw.ilcs 23 Pte. T. Braitbwaite. 25, Lance-Corpl. F. Nicholson, 26 Sergt. G@ Dobby. 21. Lance-Corpl. A. Asquith, 23 Pte. A. Mcgson. 21 . Pte. O. Metaalfe. 21 Corpl. H. W. Horner. 20. Pte. J. Constantine. 20 Pte. M. Fleming. 20 Pte. J@ Te@sMmond. 19 Bugler H. Ho@mer. 19 Lanoe-Corpl@ W. H@umor. 19 Pte. A. Horner. 18 Ptek H. Ozelton. 18. Pt@a Ward, 14 Pte. Watt. @U Corpl. J. Court, 10 Pte. B. Oaclten, 10 Pie. May. 8 Pt Pfc . Watson. 4. Pie. M. Nicholson. 0.-betna stood. MYSTERIOUS DEATHS AT MIDDLES BROUGH. On Saturday, the dead body of Geo. Williams 63 , of 76, Wilton-street, was found in a well in B garden in Woodlands-road. The deceased wafted as a gardener for James Herbert, and lodged with his sister, Anuie Hambley. He haj been drinking heavily, and his sister told liim that if be did not change his conduct he would have to find fraah lodgings. He threatened to commit suicide, aad left the house on Friday morning. He was not seen again alive, and his body was found, head downwards in the well, by hie brother.-An inquest was held on Satunlav. when a verdict of Found drowned wi s returned, there being no evidence to show how ha get into the well. Early on Sunday morning. Inspector Feac@c@vx ' Sergt. Raisbeck were called to No. 7 Heary-@@@@@it, Middlesbrough, where they found Frances with Mr R. L. Pemberton, in the aervative interest, but the Liberate triumphed, the figures being -Mr I. Lowthian Bell, 4,364 Mr Charles Mark Palmer, 4,327 Elliot, 4,011 Pemberton, 3,901. Mr Elliot's disappointment was consoled by a baronetcy, the intimation of which was conveyed to him in a letter which he received from Mr Disraeli on April 20, 1874, in which mention was made of his great services to the Censervative oause, and tbe enter@ prise and energy of hi@ useful and honourable life. His supporters, however, went the length of filing a prtition. and the result of the trial at Durham was that the seat waa declared void. In Juno the parties faced each other again, with the following result@@Palmer, 4,256 vote@ Elliot, 4,254 Bell, 4,104. The victory was celebrated by a banquet at Durham, when the Marquis of Londonderry presided, aud Mr Elliot was the guest of the evening, and was made the reoipient of a magnificent service of plate, valued at £3,000. In 1880, fickle fortune placed him at the bottom of the poll again, Lieut.-Col. Joioey, who was brought forward by the Liberals, heading the poll with 6.233 votes, Palmer obtaining 5,901, and Elliot 5,092. Col. Joioey died next year, and Sir George Elliot then won back bis old love, the poll being Rlliot, 5,546 Laing, 4,896. By the Redistribu@ tion Act of 1884 Durham was allocated sixteen seats. Sir George @BUiot stood for tbe South-@F st Division, bts opponent being Sir Henry Haveloek-Allan, who soon red the seat for the Liberals by 5,603 votes to 4,854. On Mr Glad@ stone's appeal to the country in tbe following, Sir George Elliot stood for Monmouth district. tfiddleebroagh, where they Alieern 43 laid on the kitchen floor dead. The husband of the deoeased aod a lodger named Gewdlee were in Use kitchen, and both were drunk and swearing. Qeadlee stated that he was g iag into tbe back yard when he kicked against the deceased, who was laid doubled up in a corner of Ike kitchen. He then called in two neighbours, who informed the poliou. Tike husband stated@@@@@ be bad fallen arieei Geodles. and knew nothing until had not been p. anu kn Deoeased •stoke by attended by a doctor for the past six months, but Bad often complained of a pain in the chest.-A@@@n@@@@@ will be held. MIDDLESBROUGH CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. At a mooting of the Council on Friday, Mr Whiter Johnson, the presideut. in the ohair, with reapect to the Chamber's memorial on the ques-@tfon af the extension of railways and canals in India and Burmah, tho reply thereto stated that fibe Government of India had made oertain co@@@@@s-ions where the construction of branch lines or t@@@@ in exteueion of nxisti@u railways in India @@i undertaken by private agency. The pay-@@@@@@of internet during ooostruotion is to be fund oat of capital. With respect to the sagged i ni that the Imperial Government should be aak-.a! !• join the Government of India io guarantee-km interest on tbe capital required fo@@@@@@i railways and irrigation works in aud Borraah, tho India Office that this ought to be addressed jy to tile Chancellor of the Exchequer@@@ __nunicatkm had therefore been sent to ber mi@isun Harcourt.-The President called atlen@ @Man lo tile present tariff war between Russia aud flasmany, tnd mentioned that some of the Urius in this district had beea put to much trouble c,l inconvenience owing to the requirement@ ot the Russian Customs authorities in the matter or certificates of origin, especially where the irou mas sent through Germany. They now required that the certificates should be attested by some anek public body as the Chamber of Commerce, anil •bis week the Secretary of the Chamber had been called upon in two instaucoa to sign and seal Ui9 •nrssssrj- documents for pig iron so forwarded. -Three new member@ were elected. ng the local Liberal candidate by 465 votes. This was the last time that his political fortune was to be io the asoendant, for in 1892 the Liberal candidate. Mr Spioer, headed the poll with 3,430 vote@ to Sir George Elliot's 3,137. It was from Egypt that Mr Elliot was hurriedly recalled in 1874 to take part in the political cam@ paign of that year. He had been in that country engaged in developing its railway resources, aad his engineering skill and enterprise were to have still larger scope. On January 27th, 18T6, he was received in speoial andience by the Khedive, his original mission being to forward certain arrange@ ment@ aa to harbour works. To tho Pinanoe Minister, who was present during the interview, Hi.- English engineer suggested a plan for dealing with the entire indebtedness of Egypt, instead of tbe piecemeal method of dealing with loans that had formerly been adopted, and as the outcome of till conference the Khedive snt I shall therefore y will do that gentleman the best service by lettiog tiie little matter he refers to lie as still as possible. Mr Reynolds states that he was in favour of supporting a labour candidate at that time, but it is quite evident that be ia against one now. I suppose because he might not be one of that ilk, and he says it is unwise and disloyal on my part to suggest a miners' candidate now. I have to thank Mr Reynolds for the hint he has given me, as I know now where to go for wisdom. We have been in the forefront in politics and social reforms for over 20 years, and at a time when very few of the so-called friends of the working classes did not, wonld not, and daro not oome on our platform to help our oause but sinoe trades unionism has become a mighty power iu the land we have swarms of wise moo who pretend to know our business better than we know it ourselves. For Mr Reynolds's information I am proud to say that I am as loyal to the great Radical cause ami the Grand Old Man as either him or bia ooteria, and as f have stated before, Mr Pease has voted all right. So far as we are concerned pro@ bably no other member in the House would have done what he did under the circumstances in voting for tbe Eight Hours Bill. But there is work to do now in Parliament that can only be done by men who have oome from the ranks of labour, and who thoroughly understand the great social aad industrial questions of the day and who know exactly where to pat their fingers on the sore places. It it the fact of to many men being ont of work and so much poverty and starvation existing in our towns and villages that compels me to be so intensely in earnest in suggesting to the working men iu Cleveland to bring out aad return a labour candidate. 1 have no desire to split the party, but I certainly have a desire to tee a party built op bath outside and inside the House of Common@ who in the interests of labour will go further than any party has ever gone yat or is ever likely to go. We cannot expect the present representatives to see as we see. If we had been reared and brought up in their places we should just do as they do. In conclusion, I may say we jost want the right to bring a candidate forward, and as I have only suggested to the Clewetaud miners the urgent necessity of direct tabonr representation, if they nro satisfied to go on as we are going now tbiy nviat not grnmble at anyone else, as the@ have tbe ball at their feot, and if tl it then some others will claim the faithfully, @@@At the oondiu@ton of the prizes Coloiir-8ergt.-IiiBt.ruo-tor VrhiUhxfit proposal a heariy vote or thank@ to Lady MHIhank for so gracefnily distributing the prizes@ aoJ alao to those gesrrous donors of priz@oa-Toe vote was carried with cheers while rheers were also given for Sir Frederick Milbnnk and Mr If. Rouse.-Lady Mlltwnk. In reply@.said she via very sorry indeed that Sir Frederick was not able to be present, that evening, aa he was busily engaged in distributing various prizes at Thorp Perrow . but she begged to assure them that hia interest in r lie volunteer movement had in no wise flagged Ueae. hear. 8lie was nlso pleased to s@o that Mr Horry Rouse. o@ Pirby Hall, had oome to show t@b groat intereot he took in volun@ teering and everything else which cosweroed the wel@ fare of the district@ Applause. 8he considered tho volunteer movement one of the most important which trad ever been inaugurated in Kngtand. The enrolment of the volunteer force was a proof of their love for their country, and if the shores of old England were ever luvsded by a foreign foe t hen she was certain that every volunteer in the kingdom would gladly and quickly respond to the o.ill to arms, and would gallantly defend their hearths and homes, i Loud applause. She had lo inform them that, n order to encourage the Bedale Rifles she had dec-dad to offer throe special prizes to be shot for ou Raster Monday, and that afterward@@ on some con@ venient d-ty. she would bo delighted to welcome them at Thorp Perrew, when @he would present the prizes. Loud cheers, which where renewed a@ Her Ladyship left the Drill Hall. SKELTON. On Saturday the non com ml saloned officers and men of the G Company Skelton 1st Vol. Bit. P.W.O. Yorkshire Regiment held their Christmas prize-shooting on the Park ft-ingo. Five shots at 200 -aids range Bl ley targets, and scoring. Score @@te. Cooper, 19 points Pte. Ayre..!7 Sergt. Richards. 18 Sergt. Judson. 18 -. Col. Sergt. Wardm.ui. 16 Pte. Clark. 16 Pte. Muosom. 16 . Pie. J@ T. Peacock. 15 Pta. Jackson, 15 Pte. W. Winter. 14 Ptv. Walsh. 14 Pte. Baahley. 14 , Sergt. Holmes, 14 Pte. Pea@ cock. 14 Pta. Forster, .4 Pie. H. Winter. 14 Pte. Kl.hy, If Sergl. Ipst. Treen. 14 Pte. Boynton. 13 Cor d. Btders. 13 Pie, Lowe. 13 Bugler Cook. 13 1-mce-Corpl. Harkt r. 12, Pie. Walker. 12 Pie. Dawe, 12 Pte. O. Smith. 11 Pte. Cory, 11 Corpl. B. Smith. 11 Pte. Cook. 11 Lance-Corpl. Pawsey, 10 -, Pte. Thomas. 10 Pte. Gift, 9 Pte. Tindale, 9 Pte. Best. 9 Pte. Bultuer. 9 Pte. B. Winter, 8 Corpl. Robinson. 8 Pte@ Harding. 8 Pte. Garner, 8 Pte. Pattinaon. 6 . Pte. J. Hiehardaon, 6 Pte. Appleton. 4 Pte. Byers, 4 Pte. M. Richard@ son. 2 Pte@ Jolm on. 2 Pte. Hemlng. 2 Pte. Dixon. 2 Pte. Drury. 2 Corpl. Wilks, 0 Pte. J@ R@ Wilson, 0. In the evening, the distribution took place at the Arm jury, under the superintendence of the committee.- On ine nu i ion of Col.-Sergt. Ward-@man. seconded by S -rgt. Richards, a hearty vote of thanks wat accorded to the generous donors ol prizes. Gi'UBBOUUH. -On Saturday the 4th Battery 1st@ N.R.Y. Artillery Volunteers held their annual Christmas prize sheeting at the Guisbrough Rifle Range. Five shots were allowed at 200 yards. The prlzrn srere in kind, given by the tradesmen. Principal scorere -8ergi.-Ma.tor Johnson. 16 Bomb. Bishop, 16 Corpl. Oosres. 15 Corpl. Cooke, 13 Bomb. Hanwell. 13 Wheeler Ditchhurn, 13 Sergt. Portenus, 13 Gunner Wheallen. 13 Trumpeter Jones. 12. - The annual Christmas prizo shooting of the Guisbrough Rifle Volunteers K Company waa held on Saturday. The distanoe was 200' yards, five shots. The ivizcs were In kind, given by the tradesmen. Result .-Sergt.. Williams. 22 points Sergt. Pairweather, 20 Sergt. Postgate, 19 Corpi. Lancaster. 18 Pee. Waller. 18 Lance-Corpl. Blackett, 17 Sergt. Calvert, 16 Sergt.-Inst. Morris, 16 Sergt. Gardiner, 15 _Pte. Byers, 14 football. OBSERVERS PENT LLINGS. Owing to tho abnormal pressure on our eaace these footlnll comments are held over uutil to-morro@ Wednesday . SATURDAY'S MATCHES. STO'.IKTON @K BISHOP AUCKLAND. On Saturday the above teams met to fixime on the Victoria Ground, Stockton, before@@ mcdf.ite attendance. O'-eknp Auckland kicked off @@@beautifully lin@ weather. Mid exeu play A ,,T Stockton @@U nude o iungeroua pttAck the Auc -@landitea sped up tho field nt d m idp s . ?ral dange.ous on Lvjflhcs on Stockton's citadel. The wore penned fn for t e eri i tniuntei, lUfttely getting away@ a sprint@ t y t too forwards gave Gray openi@@ufif, tnat pla-.vr r it thron.d. t! fust roal. Warming up to their w . 1 the StvKiUion fm wards kept up a steady pressuro upon the vjsi@uviV goal. Strachau twtd gran'.' olunce ir. goal@ but pul ou@nfde. warfare ragnl In Auckland territ ny lor a con.- ierable @hme. and numerous scfitnmago araimd Go 'Sailors tools place., in which Be a Afield con@M cuou@ for good dute@@ivKv tactic . Stock on played pluckily. and th ir efforts um coit w.rc u'. i ug u rewarded hy a second goal being dc-fimma ed through. The re-m indc-'r oi the gain? up ti ! hvlMhne was all in favour ot the home team. Hitf-time score Stockton 2 goals. Bishop Auckland Nil. On crossing over the homester@ shawed prominently for a few minute , and then B@hUep Auckland, with the ftdvair tge of the strong wind bhmtltg. made thing@ warm for tho Stockton defenders@ Oermont got. away on the right wing and centred well, but Strachan mulled. Another attack on the part of Stockton resulted in a corner being conceded them. Srr chan took, the kick, and Fairborn obtaining pos e@wton of the bail put @m a splendid ?hot. Bennett smartly e''acting The visitors forwards displayed only poor combination, and their attacks were @2 a consequence of only a very feeble nature@ Straahau made @@lino run half the length of tbe field, and centring. Daniel@ put through the tnirii goal for his t nm@ The game was we@d-conf uted by both teams up till full time, when the eeore stood .-Stockton 3 goals. Bishop Auckland Nil. The teams were as follows ~ Stoc ton. -Goal. Meehan@ backs. Brannan and Bc t . half@backs. Monteith@ Coebrane@ and Roth well forward. . Dermont@ Fairburu Daniels. Gray, aud Str chun Risuop Auckland. -Goal. Bennett backs. Bous@ field and Brown halt-bocks. Keenan. J Chatt. and Marshall i forwards. T Chatt, @@@M r Stainthorpe, Lodge, and Good fellow. Referee. Mr G- Millar. Middlesbrough. MIDDLESBROUGH V@ DARLINGTON. These teams met on the Middlesbrough Ground on Saturday for the first time this season in a friendly fixture, the two clubs being repre@t' ed a@ follows r-Midolesruouoh.-Goal. Kltsor -jacks. T Bach and M Crie . halt-backs, Wynn. Lrndess@ and Morren forward . Cronshaw. Dunkerley, Drury. Stewart, and Frost. Dan LiltOTOK. -Goal Henderson backs, Norrle and M Gregor. half@backs. Bird. Batmdale. end Camp@ bell forwards. Brown M'Laine, Turton, Oliver, ami Wai son. Middlesbrough played short of Bach for the first ton minutes, but opened strongly the Darlington defence Iteing severely laxed from a corner kick. M'Lafue and Campbell V-hin showed to tho front for the visitors, but again iho Skernes!du citadel was attacked and Henderson, whose excellent play was r feature of the game@ rejeotnd in brilliant fashion. The following play was fairly even but. not exciting, each team in turn going to the front without success, although t.he Darlingtontans at one time should have scored with ordinary care@ No soore was made when hostilities were suspended for the interval, and the second half proved equally barien of results. Cronshaw for Mid@ dlesbrough, and @@@@@@@@for the visitors, each carno very near scoring, but wheu tbe whistle announced tho end of tho game neither side had scored Middlesbrough 0 Darlington 0 SMALL HEATH V. MIDDLESBROUGH IRONOPOLI8. At Birmingham, before 1.500 spectators, on a heavy ground. A grand game was witnessed in the opening stages, both teams playing for all they were worth, and at the Interval neither side ecu id claim any advantage, the result ol ijrer. play being one point each. On roanming the game was continued to be fiercely and equally contested. Result • -Small Ifeath 2 goals Irencpolis 3 goal Da km noton St. Hilda's A v UtcifMoxD Town. -The friendly fixture was decided on the ground at Richmond ia fine sharp weather. The local team played towards the grand stand, but their opponent@ by the aid of Tolson drew first blood@ Be tore changing ends R. Stuaid equalised, and in the eeoond half D?.anan and T0U0.1 scored for the visitors. Then Richmond got. through from a scrimmage, and Just on t!r. call of time another was put through, but was disallowed. an l Si. Hilda's won by three to two Au okl a st and District League AssociATio .-Tow Law v. Wilmngto.i.-Played on the Tow Law ground oh Saturday afternoon. The visitors were no match for their rivals, who throughout took matters easily, winning a one-sided game by 6 goals to nil. SATURDAY'S RESULTS. The League. Sunderland, 3 We3t Bromwich, 0. Burnley, 1 Blackburn Itor rs, 0. Derby County. 5 Stoke, 2. Bvorton. 8 Sheffield Wednesday, 1. Notts Forest-. 3 Darwen. 0. Preston North End, 3 Newton Heath, 0. Wolverhampton Wanderers, 3 Aston Villa. 0. Bishop Auckland League@ Bishop Auckland Reserve. 1 Shfldon Town. 0. Rise Carr Hungers, 3 Shildon Rangers. I. SPORTING CHITABOB'S NEWS. NOTES. MoKDit Night. Racing will talcs p@@U° to-worrow rt Kompto@ P 4. and Duustoll Park, and ff lven we ther S crow£Tlholiday vtsitore ill 1 -wvft mretiug. At Kempton I fancy the follow@ @@@' Waterloo Streplocbase-Ka re H 4 Twickenham Maiden Hurdle Ilace revs r Hill or Rattle Cacklk. r r .cihfctna9 Hurdle Handicap-Mauinbb or Bzs G °Firk Maiden Hurdle Race- Bonus or Glbn-l.£wiek Selling Hurdle Rwe-CoLUKS'S H-mpton Bteeplodiaae-W ■ jIaN fn0, Bon .KO or Lain Hblpw. . At Duastall Park I shall depend on the follow@ ing -Ohriftfnaas Hunt TifiG-i or Rkphill. Cup Steeplechase-Altna-S! fual steeplechase-Beacon or Cool. f D dluy Handicap 8teeiilecha c - GiiF.oobt s BLjT. ft Uall Hurdle Plato-Tthol or Lokikocs. Wolverhampton Hurdle Handicap-Happr-H -Lrcr.Y r Punstbb. D1 natali Hunt Fiat Race-Ding Do o or PHD MONT 'X'Lorneycroft Hunt Flat Race-Axalvsi . CHiXABOB. Tuesday. Ktekitutlk 'maxm, afc Dep, H 11 S T I NO gBABONi FIRST - CLASS STAIH.Ha, OL SING KINO, and ererj aeoomasodaUi at livery. C. G. HILL, M.R.C.VA Lars Ownoan . CONISCIIPFB-BOAD, DARLINGTO@@ff. TIME ROLLS ON. Sines T Iasi annanneed with pl Just sheet a fear age, To ail who had a @@UMlr leisure, What Havana@ I ooukl show. SPORTING ITEMS. Riplington has joined Hall's team at Middlebam, nd x dlpli Neville and Moira have left 6 teu Barrows for U inchester. We learn bsit Mr Harry Be s ey. o@ Eyrtfie d fl'WW, Cunrtgh, will bs married on January @£ to Hit?. Field, daug rter@ef Mr P. Field, St@ Colum@@l Ballybrack, '.To. Dublin. It id said to have baen on the adrtce of ft leading Lend m veterinary sun con that Mr Vvner decided to wit.hr-raw Marclon fr ra the Turf. There are now throe tires whoso fee it fixed ai £200. viz.. Marcion. IC-. d d, and Sheen. Thf veteran Alec Taylor, who has tK cn seriously !r ? is oaed and confinetl to hie room, is somewhat U. te . The horses in training ai Minton the property v'f lib Grace the Duke ot Beaufort ire all leaving for their owner@s private place at Badminton, where they will i 1 future be trained under tbe watchful eye of L rd @. Somerset. 3. Mvans, who was so much cocweracd in the train@ ing o@ the splendid mare Signoriua, ha@ severed his conn ifclon withChevulier Ginistrelit, wboee private tiaitu r he has been for @@so long. Artnir Iw£hviu£all is nearly all right, again now, Ht i vi ill tie able to resume t hat work in the pig@ skin o' wivir-h lie is ruch a proficient. Captain ? T acliell is making fair progress towards r vu' ry. and it is rumoured that, lie lias been able to go fo@ short drives in lii carriage. The Dukes of Cambridge and York, who Live been shoot' ag over tho Choveioy Park preserves I his week Mi@@ tr H. M'Calmont, Inspected the horses under Jewfti's charge at the Bedford Cottage training establ'shment. KEMPTON PARK MEETING, PR-LiRAMMB FOR TO-DAY. Horse@ razrkefl to have arrive,I.J. I A -The WATERLOO SKT.UN'i STKKPLR-, J . CH.VSIt PLATE of 60 ws oiir-.,-r olds list d , Rve list. 12lb, six end e v-.i 12 Ub I now deetore my stock is Tb.n it ever was before From Villare down to Lorrsnags. And twssty timet as many @@@@@@Bocks, InUinldsds. Cabanas, Vera Cru . and Mexieazis. Cubans. and Solt@ia@n Henry Cflay . and Don J@@@@i Amadora . and Maitllla . And real good old Bri@Wab. tool But you should try the Bspadiitas, Wliatsoevsr rise you do. I@ ATiMITAGB begs to call attention to Uia ebni eriseUoii of onburnt offerings. Ha also w@Uass to ray that fie @Uvea to almost wire and oertaia hops that they may all be laid in dust and aahea before the New' Year dawws@ HAPPY SBABOKS GBBBTtHO. Darlington. @@FOOTBALL GOSSIPI! 1 All PsoShaden shonM read tbs @pOOTBALL J OTES On all the Hatch , in ths Dtstrto By ~ Baager in the AUCKLAND cbroniolk T 1 Two mii-!1 PrivHte . G. i . e .... Private ..PrivUi , ..Swattor ..Privet .... !V At lb IX. h . IX 12 a 12 it.. 12 a .12 a..12 5.. 11 12 5.. 11 12 ■win e.- J. be sold for 50 sows. Mr H ,T ' 3 .rt-lay's Kisca Mr F Coinis Lvmtngton Sir F Iren fell's Kandahar Mr C Fitomuscn'? Great Paul Mr E Woodland's Thcodoric . Mr R V o.l mi's Crofter iir Swinlou Mi .3 Woodland's Konic M 3 Woodland's Mofe's, 4 Shildon Y.M.F. Society Reserve, 0, Eastbourne Rovers, 3 Bank Top Juniors, 0. Stockton N K It.. 2 Thoraaby N.B R.. 0. CHRISTMAS DAY OAMES. IRONOPOLIS V. NEWCASTLE UNITED. These teams met in a League Second Di-'llion fixture on Monday. About tics minutes after the •tart the 'Nop,, who were playing with the wind, scored through Grewar hut Tolaoil soon equalised, in the first part of the second half the @Nops were mostly on the defensive, and though they had the best of the game towards the close no further score was mode, and the game ended-Irouopoli. 1 Newcastle United I MIDDLESBROUGH V. SOUTH BANK. This was a Northern League match played an Mon@ day, but it sras a very one-sided game. Middlesbrough winning easily by@' goals to 1. CHHlSXMAS RESULTS. Bury, l Sunderland 1. Burnley, 4 Sheffield United, @l Stoke, 3 North Bnd. 3. Glasgow Rangers. 2 Kverton, 1. Woolwich Arsenal. 4 Bursiem Port Vala, @L Accrington, t Liverpool, 0. Blackburn Rovers, 4 , Darwen, 1. Darlington. 0 Stockton. 0. Richmond Town. 3 Darlington Central, 1. Howden Rangers. 5 Redaar and Contham United, l. Darlington Station Porters Walton's teem. 4 Bllerker's team. 2. Bishop Aucklssd v. Ditu.ix-jToa St. Hilda's.-At Bishop Auckland on Christmas Dtv, before s good field. The t wins, ineluding only Bousfield. Lodge. Brown. Stainthorpe, and M irahhlt. of the first team, were fairlv level, and the one score to the game wss made by W@ Straohsn. of South-road. Shildon Town. 2 . Shildon Rangers, L P i,j r.d s end Compinto St,trie . I Clows. Gardening P ,hole Budget of Interesting Bending. Curiosity Cob ,at 1 Clows. Gardening Notes, Ladies' -old- !H . ft •© sr tr s •! for t vi • it. ..SwatlOlf a e i 3 Lfcmbt n 3 ....Prlvf..- .1 j ...Priv i t , i?. 3 ....Private 1 Si S M K'.ijr Yc 0 HaUf.x Vi If ....Pri .if • , v 0 .Burhl'.L i n ft ..Vendor or direct from JjlRAZER'S rpABLETS @JMMITED, 8a. KIRBY-STREET. HATTON GARDEN, LONDON. B.O. SOLB PROPRIETORS@ 1,243 RUGBY. WEST HARTLEPOOL V. SOUTH SHIELDS. At West Hartlepool iu beautiful weather. West kicked off, a minor resulting. A penalty kick to West resulted in a goal by Hopps. and even play pre@ ceded a try by Horn, Hcppa cleverly converting. During a rough second half, the only point scored was a goat from a penalty kiok by iusael@ Final score -West Hartlepool@@@@@ A penalty goal and a goal from try 8 point@ . South Shields A penalty goal 3 point@ . HALIFAX V. HARTLEPOOL ROVERS. On Hanson-lane ground. Halifax. About 4,000 people were present. The home team early showed @hey were in good trim, and Jackson ran and dodged from centre to tlm visitors' line, but Oborley missed a pass when he could lie- walked in. After another -rand di. ptav bv tha home looks Fletcher scored in a @oose lush, Keepings Improving. Restarting, the visitors we.-e aw -rded a penalty, and Aldertou, by a Inige kh k. struck the post, the ball fulling back Into @lav. Firtli next effected a fine run iu after passing ly'three or four of his colleigues. and Fleteher added another try, both these being Improved by Keepings. H.irtlepool were awarded a penalty, and Alderson dropped a beautiful goal. At the Inf' real Halifax led by fifteen point@ to three. After the restart the visitors played up grandly, and Snowden almost scored. Halifax seeing. After the drop out. the home forwards dribbled in a body, Fleteher scoring hit third try, Keepings converting. ' ' ' ' k for There is no better cure for Golds, Coughs. At I mas and Broaohitta than •• Bunom's Balsam or Hor -uourd Aim OeLTerooT. Just try a bottle. 1 1@ and ffi. all Chemist . VlO 8tn,rkouxi 3oap it a delicately refined, chemically pure Soap, intended for general use, and @U free from the lojoriotss acrid oil@ peculiar to common, imper@ fectly prepared seeps. Sulpho@iln Soap is exesllenl for washing at ail time , aod rendering the skto soft, and pliable@ Tablets, 8d each. Sold ovary-tlTT Akncs to VoniMI-Are you broken In your ne@t @a a sick ah lid suffering with tha pain of @enWiag teeth@ @t at oaoe to a chemist and get@@ hotel# of Mu Wrxaizjw's Soornxa Strut, which ha@ b@un mad ever SO years by millions ef mothers foe their children while teething, with psrfisot soooesa It Is perfeetty hams toss aad pleasant to taste, It produces natural, quiet sleep hy relieving the ohttd from pain, aad the little ohtntb asrakes •• as bright as a button.' H aoothas tha eh@@M, It softens tiie gams, alleys all C hi, relieves wind, ragnlates tha bowels, and to the @@it known rensady for dysantarv and diarrbose. whtikez yrtotog from toaahing or ether eautea Sold by Ohemlsts sre@vwhere at Ul @@d pat bottfo. 4 Ca Bi?wicke's Or. • rc x ati Mr II Clifford'i • 71b ex II '? • L ril Omlley'b UuroW .AJ r . Mr G.-tr r -t Mor.reV Theddi vlus ...J WilV.ttf f . Mi -V Marshal's Conway b Mi G Gi jtit's B tu'r Swat-ten 1...10 tl Mr W K Grktland'ft U oU m II , Sydney 3 IU 10 Mi . A Millase Dudley Handicap Steeplechase Cod au Hurdle Plate for Halifax, got Winskill. wbft was p'aying hall lwcl hnrl anil left the field at this stage. Rlgg added a grand try. Keepings improving, aud then Hodgson twice ttoie Haiitax opponents' passes@ and once scored. On the second occasiuu lie gave @he bail to Alderson, who got a try. A splendid game ended vrith the fol@ lowing score -Halifax 5 goals 25 points Hartlepool Rover@@@@@@@ 2 goals 1 try 11 points WESTOE V, DURHAM CITY. At South Shields, before 2.000 apectatora, and In fine weather. Tbe Cite had slightly the best of the first half, and Smeddle scored lor them. Graham missing the goal. On changing ends Wesloe showed to greater advantage, Barle storing twice in quick succession, oue try being converted by Robertson. Durham tried h rd to cqual@he@ but failed, and a fast game ended as follows i-Westoe 1 goal 1 try. Durham 1 toy. Houghton r Tudhov..-Flayed at Houghton. Cap@L H. F@ Fenwick, M P@@ kicked off @or the borne team. Three were over 1 000 ip@w'atoni present@ to the first pv, tion ef the game the home team showed beet fores bnt tagged down. M'Oann and Weinferd •cored for Tudhot before the interval, but the laet@ named player failed to convert. Half-time-Tudhoe. 2 tries Houghton@ nil. In the second interval both teams strove hard to obtain the upper hand, and a splendid game ensued, but before the final Wainford again scored. Final-Tudlioe. 3tries Houghton, nil Ymtnx i Nomine that produoas suoh perf@ae sweetness and cleanliness as Hudson's Boas Tht Wf fUfi Thbozt Armoring# iwv HosganixiA-Baowx's Biosciui Trocsis, which hiv@ proved @o sticoMt-@ful In America for the cure of Cou nt. Cold , Hoar e-@ness@ Brouchitto. Asthma. Oatarrh@ or any irritation or soreness of the threat, are now imported and sold In this country at Is ljd per bo . Fut up In the form of@@ lozenge. It @• the most convenient. pteasaDt@ safe@ end sure remedy for efoaring and streogttieuing tiie voice In the world. No family should be without them. The genuine have the word@ Browk's Brom-tJR 00 ? 10 on the stamp around tofdoD-ro l. od .12.45 1.15 1 45 2.15 2 45 3.13 3 45 Arthur. Brecon, ■illiurst, '. llird's ' i.hlow. l-.'i.ster, s-idin . XV,1 .-i-rli.impton Hurdle Handicap ...... . Durstall National Hunt Flat Race ... Tho nrcrof' Natinua! Hunt Flat lla.v Axnv ua-Actor, Altnaveigli, Ansiyet Ar ichi.t. Baldersund. Buella. il d. ud Uliu Clii'. 'r . Cod, Ding Dang. E't'enrr. I Galdim Oriole. Grand Mailer. 8 any u Vy . Hippy Go Luot.y. I.ard Cnrti.gan. ! Mi Nellie Medley. Novel, Oak, Friina- ita P-reuasiou, Potisson. Philmont. Rej.cu-. Surprise. Safe Cure. Tr nlhaiii, Tempt tlroa.. Trlbci Violet Blossom. Warrioi. Zclwa. OUi - -p eteti this rnoiomg. Bju Vue Ghounds. Stoceto .-On Sourttuy tile final heals of Hr J. Dufour's 200 yard@ @Miiight-@ont dog luutdicap by merit were rnn off at '.. ,iie,ve grmints In fine weather. The amount o a,,- fi n . prim- war £7. second £1, and third 10@. In Uic -remd round tho following .logs won theli lusts - Good-@fellow's Monte Carlo, M'Pbcreon'a Younc. Donuuo@ Bill's Goad Boy, Bill's Meg. Coulson's Lucky So@uia Cummins'@ Miss Hermit. Humtiuey's Jinn y Kemp@ N d't Telephone. Harold's Fair Bxchan -e, T e Mill berry, Boott's Little Flower@ Bui mar's Never Nothing@ Tb-rd roimd-First bent- 1@ Jimmv Keinp 2@ Mill' berry 3@ Fair Exchange . 4, Never Noihing. W.m bv naif a yard same between secoo-t and rhlr l. S -cond heat. 1, Meg 2, Mias Hermit, 3. Lut'.iy Sr-ks- 4@ Monte Carlo. Won by a foot half a @vrd j. tweaii second and third. Third heat 1, Tii.pV.ne 2@ Young Domino 3,@Good Boy 4.Lluie w 0 by a foot luilf a yard between aeoond h, ,i third@ Final 1. Jimmy Kemp 2, Trlephonc W.,u by • yard si@ inches betwren see. t, t fretting on the final 2 to 1 on Jimmy I' Telephone, and ft to 1 M' Sint er, George Samuels capper, Tom Callender. Meg. The cm judge, Tom S-. Meg. u third. to 1 ware -haodi-EMPLOYERS requiring the SERVICES of raeb parsons, 6d. 16 WORDS 6d. 3 IffSER@noNe. 1 3n 6 fHxnimoKx, 2 . The same Prepaid Rato ia charged fnr Situation V, retftfl Situations Offered Apartments Wonted or To Let Money Wanted or Off need Hou@@r To Let Article, l.oet or Found Specifio Article# Offered For Sale Butineanan to h. Oixposed Of Partnerahipa Wanted an Offere d and Miaeatlaneo@n Want . Parl@umentary Notioea, Election Addroaaaa, Proa-pe.tvwea of Publie Com panic , ke., 9d per line of apace occupied. Other Legal and Statutory Notice . Municipal Parochial, County end School Board Addreaeea, 6d per line. @Vw all Advcrtisemanto, exeept thorn above speci@ fic. 1, tbe rate@ are as followa -For the fi@@n insertion 6d per line of @paoe 2 to 5 oonaecntivu insertions 4d pet line 6 to 11 3jd 12 to 18 3d per line. Advertisements not inserted eon-@sucutively are charged jd per line per rasertiea Sktra. BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEATHS ivhieh must bn prepaid and authenticated by the r.ame aad addre@a of the sender the charge i@ @X 3d for the firti 16 words and 3d for caek additional six srorda. BRANCH OPfflCBB BITnni.ESBROUOH -ADvrt oad STOCKTON-Borough Mali Building . HAfTLEPOOL-28, High-@treet. WEST HARTLRPOOli-1. ~ SURDERI AND-S6. Villio street . BISHOP AUCKLAND-49, Newgate-atr@etk HBAD OFFTCB PBI R8TOATB, DARLINOTO@l N@ B@-Cheques and Konev Order@ may be make payable to J. O. HAH BOTTLE. , Church-etreet. i off Higto To ri xWxsE-SiuirrEn. -Flret cost onl tucls, z. la pled by me aavl'angad free. T, ,, 8 ?p ®' CffOdA-OnaruruL aad -Bv ft thorough kjMwiodrc of the uatnr.il '-x,. which govern the operation uf .figretmn and m,teiT.,m d by appl cation of the fine prepertk- wrih •ei.ft'L-d Oncoa. curl J.-ith every pair. Oaly addr ws M Franks. Gpthalmto Byasight Tasting Rooms, 48, I Opt u iau Middles' all Spee-guarantee Optl brougfs. Albart-vosd, M2 fast and supper a de@@@@ fly flavoured bcve,a e which ma,- save us many heavy doctors' bills. @1 i, , v the jc- cion use of such article, of diet thet ,i .-ooatltu-t on rnavbe gradually built upuni i' t u -ii. ugh by keeplug purs-iw, .a! forti-bloed and a properly nourish. 1 frame. -v'.wi frsrviee Garettii.-Made.simply w th ,, line dlk.-Stid only In punivls. by Ore-cerf Co. Ltd., H in eoiwthlc ti , OsJ NtoB 7 l Tb k ' r, '' E m a o-o .0,e •r i vYi nto-Hxtfect A thin of r u ii a. vnu . newsritt many banatciaily uking the pUoeot i a.k i N ia Print # at ths Northern Bobo Buildings. FrleatraW Dar.iagton, by tha Northers E.-h,i Cvmpaa rwgate-street, B shop Auckland-all in the Coun-y of Durham @J Aibort-road, Middlesbrough, in tile Oounty @w York and at 191, Float - street, London. a.O Oetesty of Middlasox. TUESDAY, Dxcxsiau S, lttk
[ GS_aligned] ############### WEATHER ############################# winds, moderate #### during greater part of day, but not settled. NO@RTH COUNTRY ######## the Auckland Chronicle and South Durham and Cleveland Mercury was present@ed a beautiful coloured portrait of ############ printed on fine-toned paper, and suitable for framing. The publishers have made arrangements by which those wishful to preserve the portrait of the wife of the Premier in a permanent form can be supplied with artistic oak frames at either 1s 6d or 2s 6d each. The first-named size is 13 inches by 11, three-quarter inch oak frame, the portrait being on a cream mount, and covered with good glass. The 2s 6d frame measures 16 inches by 13 inches, the oak being an inch in width, with gold slip inside, cream mount, and extra quality glass. These frames are exactly similar to those supplied last year, which gave such satisfaction. @@A few copies of our last year's supplement, @Mr Gladstone's portrait, remain unsold, and copies may be had for 1d each by post 1½d on application to the Publisher, Northern Echo, Darlington. Mr John Richardson, cler@k to the magistrates at Thirsk, and elerk to the Birdford Highway ############################################ After an illness of three or four weeks Sir George Elliot, Bart., died at his town residence on Saturday afternoon, from acute pneumonia and complications, the result of a chill caught at Cardiff some time ago. The history of Sir George Elliot belongs to the romance of commerce. The various episodes in the life of the@@@ bonnie pit laddie, who was the architect of his own fortune, would furnish suitable material for the venerable author, Samuel Smiles, if he wished for another illustra- ################################################################# Sowerby, Thirsk, aged 76. Early on Sunday morning, James Collings 31 , a labourer, living at No. 1, Newport-street, Mid- dlesbrough, was discovered by his mother with his clothing in flames. He went home drunk on the previous night and lay before the kitchen fire@ where he was found as described. After the lapse of some time De. Scanlan was called in, and find- ing him suffering from severe burns about the legs, he ordered his removal to the Workhouse infirmary. A ################### Richardson 25 , of Victoria-rows, died in an hour from the effects of a fall of coal whilst hewing in North @Bitchburn Colliery on the 22nd inst.-Inquest ############################################### Guisbro@ugh on Saturday, William Buck worth, billposter, of Guisbrough, was fined 10s and costs for being drunk and disorderly at Guis- brough on the 22nd inst. He was also sent to prison for three months for assaulting Sergt. Calvert. When arrested he bit one of the officer's fingers severely. ################################# follow- ing further subscriptions have been received by Messrs Swan Bros., of Middlesbrough, in aid of the relatives of the crew of the s.s. Gwendoline -Messrs Cochrane, Grove, @C@@o., £5 Messrs Constantine, Pickering @C@@o., £5 Mr J. Walton, J.P., £5 Messrs English @C@@o., £4 4s Mr J. Ritchie, £2 2s sundry amounts, £36 total to date, £431 2s 6d. ####################### the fortnightly meeting on Saturday-the Rev. George Prowde in the chair-the Master reported number of inmates 51, as co@mpared with 53 last year. Number of vagrants relieved during the past fort- night 72, as compared with 43 last year.-At the meeting of the School Attendance Committee-the Rev. Geo. Prowde in the chair-Mr Smith, school attendance officer, reported that the attendance for November was # as compared with 85 for same month last year. ################################ Owth- waite 46 , a labourer residing at 29, Blamford- street, Hartlepool, died on Monday morning from injuries received through falling down the cellar stairs at the Durham Hotel on Saturday night. A man named Benjamin Outhwaite was sitting in the cellar-kitchen when he heard someone fall down the stairs, and on opening the door he found the deceased lying on his shoulder at the bottom of the stairs unable to move. He was taken home and attended to by Drs. Ainsley and Gibb, but died soon after the accident ######################################### Friday night, in the presence of a large audience, the boys went through a long and varied programme, which included some of the choruses from the Messiah, part songs, glees, dumb-bell exercises with musical accompaniment, and ended with a capitally performed farce entitled@@ The Irish Tutor. During the interval the prizes were dis- tributed by Mr Walton, who made a few kind remarks to each recipient. He also paid a warm tribute to the abilities of the head master, Mr Southern, who, he said, recognised the fact that education consisted more in drawing out a boy's powers and making him think for himself than in filling a boy's mind with matters which would be forgotten in three months. IMPUDENT THEFT AT ################### West Hartlepool on Saturday, a respectable- looking man na@med John Haig Robinson, 35, was charged with stealing a tape line and several other instruments, the property of Mr Garry, in September last. Prisoner went to prosecutor in September last and pleaded poverty, begging for employment. He appeared well-educated and competent to make surveys, and on these grounds Mr Garry employed him to do certain work in connection with some new buildings. He only remained a few days, however, and then absconded, taking with him the tape line, @c@. Information was given to the police, and Sergeant M'Dougall arrested the prisoner as he was being discharged form Northallerton prison.@-@He pleaded guilty, previous convictions being put in by Superintendent Parkinson, and he was sent to prison for three months. DARLINGTON TEMPERANCE UNION.@-@At the recently held December meeting, the following officers were unanimously elected, viz. -Presi- dent, Mr J. B. Hodgkin vice-president, Rev. T. Stomeley treasures, Mr J. Noble collector and financial secretary, Mr T. Hamilton secretary, Rev. Fredk. Naylor assistant-secretary, Mr A. Cousens and the following were chosen on the @executive, viz. -Rev. J. Duncan, M.A., Rev. W. Scarborough, Rev. J. C. Brewitt, Mr R. Todd, Mrs Gurney Pease, Rev. Dr. Cullen, and Mrs Wood. Among other items of interest the Secretary reported that Mr R. Summers accom- panied him to the great t@emperance convention recently held in London, where he was well received by temperance friends, editors, critics, and all who saw his remarkable painting, and that the general consensus of opinion was that Mr Summers was greatly gifted. It has been deter- mined to give his picture, @@The Doings of Drink, its mission to the masses by reproducing it in a first-class chromo lithograph to sell at 1s. This will be issued about the first week in Feb- ruary, ##################################################### raise a man from humble surroundings to stand before princes. He was born in 1815, and on a noteworthy day-June 18-when the battle of Waterloo was fought. His father was a Mr Ralph Elliot, @and his mother a daughter of Mr Henry Braithwaite, of Newcastle. Those were not the days of compulsory education, and a very brief time having been spent in this direction, young Elliot commenced to earn his own living as a pit boy under his father at Penshaw Colliery, adjoining his native place, and he remained in the pit until he was nineteen, being a practical witness of the great strike of 1831-2, which has been des- cribed as the most bitter struggle between Capital and Labour ever known in modern times. During the last two years of his pit life he studied mathematics under two local masters, George Watson and Peter Nicholson, who did much to compensate for any deficiencies in early tuition, and to whose timely services Sir George has attributed his subsequent success. His next important step was @@his entrance into the office of the late Mr Thomas Sopwith, the eminent geologist, as apprentice, land surveyor, and mining engineer. Here he was engaged in the drawing of plans for the Forest of Dean, and in surveying the line of railroad from Darlington to York. In 1836 he obtained the appointment of overman at his former colliery-Penshaw, and such satisfaction did he give to employers and men alike that in the following year he was made under-viewer at Monkwearmouth, and@@ sub- sequently chief viewer. His practical ability in dealing with the interests entrusted to his care, and his tact in a@djusting the relations between masters and men caused his services to have a value which his years alone would scarcely have warranted. At 21 years of age he had married a daughter of Mr George Green, of Rainton, Houghton-le-Spring, Durham, who during the forty-four years of wedded life that they enjoyed she died in 1880 prove@d a valuable and worthy helpmeet to her aspiring partner. In 1840, when he was only 25 years of age, he became a coalowner on his own account by enter- ing into partnership with Messrs Backhouse @@Mounsey in the purchase of Washington Colliery. This concern he personally managed, whilst at the same time retaining his post at Monkwear- mout@h. Money, that golden key to prosperity, was now at his command, and in three years he was able to lease the coalmines at ##################################################################################### RED RIDING HOOD. The Middlesbrough pantomime, Little Red Riding Hood.d. was produced for the first time on Saturday night, when the Theatre Royal was well patronised. The Milton Rays, whose name is associated with many previous pantomime successes, have been entrusted with the produc- tion, and Mr Percy Milton has written the libretto in a free and humorous style, bringing into the story all the characters of the old nursery tale and adding a host of others whose deeds of daring or terrible maohinations all contribute to make the book most interesting and amusing. With the rise of the curtain a new and very pretty idea is carried into effect. Old Father Time discovers Frolic, the Genius of pantomime, and proceeds to discuss the title of the approaching production, whereupon a series of tableaux vivants is exhibited. including Jack the Giant Killer, the Babes in the Wood, Robinson Crusoe, and Little Red Riding Hood, their selection falling upon the last- named. The next scene represents the Village Fair, which is a very pretty set. Here we are introduced in quick succession to the Wolf, Simon and Stout, Dame Trot who ############################################### to record the death of Mr A. H. Clarke, which took place at his residence at Stockton, after a brief illness, on Saturday. The deceased gentleman had for a number of years acted as missionary to the deaf and dumb i@n the Teesside district, and was held in much esteem by all who knew him. His wife died two years since at about the same period of the year as the present. Three girls and a boy are left, and deep sympathy is felt with them in their irreparable loss. VOLUNTEER NEWS. DARLINGTON. On Friday, the members of the Darlington Com- panies of the 1st V.B. Durham L. ########### in their Drill Hall to receive the annual prizes in ################################################ from an u@nremunerative enterprise, became under his able management a paying property, and its area greatly extended. In 1851 Mr Elliot resigned his Monkwear- mouth appointment to accept the larger responsibilities of chief consulting@@ and mining engineer to the late Marquis of Londonderry, who found in the young Tyne- sider an efficient coadjutor in his project of making a shipping port at Seaham. By 1864 the wheel of time had made an entire revolution for him, and in that year he became the owner of the very colliery where forty years before he had worked as a pit laddie. Looking farther afield, he was also able to carry into effect his scheme for the purchase of the Powell Duffryn Collieries in South Wales, and subsequently the Aberaman and the Cwm Noel mines in the same district. A few years previous he had been appointed agent for Messrs Kuper @C@@o., wire-rope manufacturers, whose business was in process of liquidation. Bringing to this undertaking the same shrewdness and business capacity that distinguished him in his other multifarious occupations he in two years greatly reduced the liabilities, and eventually constituted himself proprietor of the undertaking, offering to the creditors the full amount of their claims and interest up to the time of payment, and a handsome allowance to the members of the original firm for their reversion. Mr afterwards Sir Edward Glass joined him, and the new firm, under the title of Glass@@ Elliot, took up t@he manufacture of telegraph wires and cables, being the first to adopt the method of wire covering for submarine cables. In 1864 the business, with the Gutta Percha Company, was merged into the Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Com- pany, under whose auspices the Atlantic cable was laid in 1866. The Franco-American, British- Indian, and British-Australian cables were also constructed by the same company. It must have been one of the most pleasurable reminiscences of Sir George Elliot's busy life to have been actively connected with enterprises which had had such an important bearing on the commercial life and development of this country. A digression may hero be made in order to glance at Sir George Elliot's connection with politics, his experiences in this connection being of an exciting, if not always of a successful kind. His first appearance in the political arena was in 1868, when he stood for North Durham in the Conservative interest. A staunch supporter of Lord Beaconsfield, it was thought probable that a man of the people would be able to win a seat for the Tories, and the surmise proved correct. Sir George Elliot headed the poll with 4,649 votes, his colleague, Sir Hedworth Williamson L , obtaining 4,011, and Mr I. Lowthian Bell being unsuccessful with 3.822. In 1874 he again #################################################### Ferdinand, the mashing leader of the banditti. The action of the piece in Scene II. discloses the nefarious@ plot of the Wolf and the Baron to abduct Red Riding Hood, a plan which is foiled by the timely arrival of Boy Blue, who, however, is himself captured in the succeeding and very effective scene, Glow-worm Glade. In this scene a wonderful mechanical dragon makes its appear- ance, as well as three veritable giants in black, whose antics create the liveliest amusement. In this scene Miss May Bertier gives a very charm- ing serpentine dance. Scene VI. represents the Dame's cottage, where some very entertaining business is introduced by the Sisters de Castro. Next we find Boy Blue a prisoner in the Castle dungeon, and then the scene is transferred to the Palace, where Messrs Clements and Foster give their very comical and extremely clever knock- about show. For a first night the remarkable smoothness of the production was a matter of common comment, there being never a hitch form start to finish, a fact which speaks highly for the energy and ability of Mr W. E. Potts, under whose direction the panto- mime is being produced, and of Mr W. F. Tinde@ll, who is responsible for the state arrangements. The company is a good all-round combination, and if it has a weak point it probably lies with the vocalists. Miss Ivy Dungate makes a very sweet Red Riding Hood, and sings in a charming manner Boy Blue is a really vivacious and up- to-date young man in the able hands of Miss Lizzie Boone Miss Emily Hughes makes a charming Miss Muffet Miss Maude Stoneham as Fer- dinand acts with all the requisite chic the Sisters de Castro distinctly score with their very clever skipping-rope dance Mr George Fairley does well as Dame Trot, but will do better when he rids himself of his present hoarseness Mr Gus. W. Blake and Mr George Kingstone, as the Baron and Binks respectively, cause much amusement but Messrs Clements and Foster's impersonation of Simple Simon and Johnnie Stout is undoubtedly the funniest part of the show. The Continental quartet contribute some very pretty ballets. The scenery has been painted by Messrs John Clark, Helmsley, Coleman, and Hemmingway, with a winter view of the park gates by Mr Charles Kirkham, which shows great care. The music is arranged and composed by Messrs T. Bayliss and H. York the costu@mes have been supplied by Miss Fischer, Mary Featherstone, @@c. and new and popular songs are introduced by permission of Messrs Francis Day @@Hunter, Mocatt@@o Co., Sheard@@ Co., Howard @Co., Dobrowiski@@ Co., ####################################################### a goodly array of prizes most suitable for the ################# of geese, turkeys, beef, mutton, groceries, @c., @c., also @@many nice prizes in fancy articles. Major W. Pr@ieatman and Capt. T. B. Swin- burne were present. The prizes nu@mbered 172, to be divided amongst 98 competitors, who shot for them@ -Colour-Sergt. W. Goldsborough, D Company pro- posed a vote of ################# donors, which was seconde@d by Colour-S@ergt. F Raney, who in his speech also referred to the many valuable and useful prizes that were there, and the very low scoring made by certain of the competitors, who @he warned to do much better in 1894. as the conditions of shooting would probably be altered by @the N. C. officers of the dett. @who had all the trouble of collecting the prizes, and the careless competitor might not then get a look in. -@Colour-Sergt Instructor S@mythe assisted the Major in the arrangements. which were efficiently carried out. BISHOP AUCKLAND. The Christmas shooting of the A and B Companies of the 2nd V.B D.L.I took place on the Newton Cap Range on Saturday for the prizes given by the officers and tradesmen. Weather was good-cold cold strong wind from the east Lieut. Goose presided at the distribution of prizes, awarded as under -Sergt. Maleme@nt. 32 points. Quarter-Master Greenwell. 3@1 Sergt@. R. Robinson. 30@ Corpl Bland 28@ Corpl Riddle. 28 Pte. W. W. Smith. 28@ Corpl ######### 27 . Corpl. Tallon. 27 Corpl J Robinson, 27 Pte. Hogarth. 26 Pte. Rodgers 26 Sergt. Sherrett. 26 Sergt. Wetherell. 25 Pte. Daniels, 24 Corpl. Holt. 23 Sergt. F Horn. 23. Pte. Walker 23 points. Pte. M. Brown Col. ##### Greenwell, and Pte. C. H. Cherrett@ Pte. Dowell. 22, Sergt. Dowan 21 points. Pte. T. W Johnson. Corp Barnett. Lance.-@Carp. May. Pte. English. Pte. W Cooper, Pte. Curtis, and Pte. O. J@ohnson Corp. @Harburn 20. Corp. Flynn. Pte. J. W. Robinson. Pte. C. Gowton. Pte. W. Strachan. and Pte. T. Dent Pte. Giles Thompson 19, Pte. ### Hull. Pte. Monaghan. Pte. F. H. Smith, Pte. J. Tho@mpson. Pte. H. Nevison@ Lance-Corp. H. Robinson. and Pte. K. Robin@son Pte. Hepplewhite 18, Pte. W. Anderson, and Pte. Ritson Pte. W. Horn 11, Pte W. Smith. Pte. Joseph Smith, and Pte. For@bes Pte. W. Harding 16. Pte. R. Wood. Pte. J. Wood Corpl. Clark, and Pte. D@yson 15. Pte. Condon and Pte. F. Pattison@@ 14, Pte. Watson, Sergt. W. Robinson Sergt. Curry. Sergt. Hall. Pte. J. Reed. and Pte. W Dodds 13. Pte. J Nanley. Pte. W. Smith. Pte. W. Hedgson. Pte. R. Raine. Pte. Blacklock. and Pte. J. W. Cooper 12. Pte. C. Perrington. Pte. Vart Pte. J. Hop@wood Pte. Henderson. Pte. T. Jobson, a@nd Pte. E. Miller 11. Pte. W. @Haw. Pte. E. M@anley. Pte. C. Bradley and Pte. J. Slee 10. Pte. G. Martin. Pte. C King. Pte. A. Morgan. Pte. J. Smith. Pte. J. Barnwell. and ######################################## of the Northern Echo. SIR,-Will you kindly give room in your valuable paper for the appended note, wishing you and your paper a merry Christmas and prosperous and useful New Year. How do you like Accrington@? That has taken the ground from below the feet of that useless assembly the House of Lords. As a working man I look upon Keir Hardie as one of the greatest hindrances to the advancement of labour reforms of any man in the country, whether he be Tory or Liberal. I should truly like to come across the Tory catspaw. -I am, yours respectfully, GEO. FINLAY. The Mount, East Layton, Aldbrough, Darling- ton, Dec. 22nd, 1893. REPRESENTATION OF CLEVELAND. To the Editor of the Northern Echo. SIR,-Mr R. Rowland not being a resident in this country at the present time, it would be open out a discussion ########### that was transacted at the time that Cleveland was made a separate Parlia@mentary division when he is not here to speak for himself. ################################ Reynolds if he is Mr Rowland's friend that be ########################################################## Hopwood. Pte. J. G. ######## and Li@eut@ Goose@, Corpl. Owens 6. Pte. Marshall. Pte. G. Hopps. Pte. @R. ###### and Pte. Wilson Pte. J. Hopper 4. Pte. J. E. Clark. Pte. B. Smith. Sergt. Condon Bugler Moore. Corpl. Leighton. and Pte. J. Vitty Pte. Todd 2. Pte. T. J. Robinson. Pte. ################## G. Tennington,@@ and Sergt. Selby Pte. ######### B@EDALE. LADY MILBANK ON VOLUNTEERING. On Saturday night the pr@izes won at the recent Christmas ##### shooting of the B Comp@any. Be@dale, were distributed to the Volunteers in their Drill Hall at Bedale by Lady Milban@k. E@ach competitor had fired ten shots at 200 yards, but the scoring was very low in consequence of a very high wind which pre- vailed. The prize distribution was made under the superintendence of Col.-Sergt. Instructor Whitelock. who was ably assisted by Col.-Sergt. Richardson. Prize list -Sergt. R. M@ilner, 31 Lance-Corpl. E. Metealfe. 31@@ Pte. @H. Houlton. 31 Lance-Sergt. E. Dawson, 30 Pte. E. Santon. 29 Col.-Sergt. F. Richardson, 28 Col.-Sergt. Instructor Whitelock. 28 Pte. J. T. Horner. 27 Bugter F. Constantine, 27 Pte. A. Spenee, 27. Corpl. G. Swales. 27@ Sergt. J. Tindale, 26 Lance-Corpl. W. Sw@ales.26 Pte. T. Braithwaite. 2@6 Lance-Corpl. F. Nicholson, 26 Sergt. G. Dobby. 24. Lance-Corpl. A. Asquith, 23 Pte. A. Megson. 21@. Pte. G. Metealfe. 21 Corpl. H. W. Horner. 20. Pte. J. Constantine. 20 Pte. M. Fleming. 20 Pte. J. Tessimond. 19 Bugler H. Horner. 19 Lance-Corpl. W. Herner. 19 Pte. A. Horner. 18 Pte. H. Ozelton. 18@ Pte. Ward, 14 Pte. Watt. 13 Corpl. J. Court, 10 Pte. R. Ozelton, 10 Pte. May, 8 Pt@@@@e. Watson. 4. Pte. M. Nicholson. ################################################################# the dead body of Geo. Williams 63 , of 76, Wilton-street, was found in a well in a garden in Woodlands-road. The deceased worked as a gardener for James Herbert, and lodged with his sister, Annie Hambley. He had been drinking heavily, and his sister told @him that if he did not change his conduct he would have to find fresh lodgings. He threatened to commit suicide, and left the house on Friday morning. He was not seen again alive, and his body was found, head downwards in the well, by his brother.-An inquest was held on Saturday, when a verdict of Found drowned w@as returned, there being no evidence to show how he got into the well. Early on Sunday morning, Inspector Peacock and Sergt. Raisbeck were called to No. 7 Henry- street, Middlesbrough, where they found ####################################################################################### the figures being -Mr I. Lowthian Bell, 4,364 Mr Charles Mark Palmer, 4,327 Elliot, 4,011 Pemberton, 3,501. Mr Elliot's disappointment was consoled by a baronetcy, the intimation of which was conveyed to him in a letter which he received from Mr Disraeli on April 20, 1874, in which mention was made of his great services to the Conservative cause, and the enter- prise and energy of his useful and honourable life. His supporters, however, went the length of filing a petition, and the result of the trial at Durham was that the seat was declared void. In Juno the parties faced each other again, with the following result -Palmer, 4,256 votes Elliot, 4,254 Bell, 4,104. The victory was celebrated by a banquet at Durham, when the Marquis of Londonderry presided, and Mr Elliot was the guest of the evening, and was made the recipient of a magnificent service of plate, valued at £3,000. In 1880, fickle fortune placed him at the bottom of the poll again, Lieut.-Col. Joicey, who was brought forward by the Liberals, heading the poll with 6,233 votes, Palmer obtaining 5,901, and Elliot 5,092. Col. Joicey died next year, and Sir George Elliot then won back his old love, the poll being Elliot, 5,548 Laing, 4,896. By the Redistribu- tion Act of 1884 Durham was allocated sixteen seats. Sir George Elliot stood for the South- East Division, his opponent being Sir Henry Havelock-Allan, who s@ecured the seat for the Liberals by 5,603 votes to 4,854. On Mr Glad- stone's appeal to the country in the following, Sir George Elliot stood for Monmouth district, ##################################################################### The husband of the deceased and a lodger named Gendles were in the kitchen, and both were drunk and swearing. Gendles stated that he was going into the back yard when he kicked against the deceased, who was laid doubled up in a corner of the kitchen. He then called in two neighbours, who informed the police. T@he husband stated that he had fallen ############### and knew nothing until ######################################### attended by a doctor for the past six months, but had often complained of a pain in the chest.-An inquest will be held. MIDDLESBROUGH CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. At a meeting of the Council on Friday, Mr Walter Johnson, the president, in the chair, with respect to the Chamber's memorial on the ques- tion of the extension of railways and canals in India and Burmah, the reply thereto stated that @the Government of India had made certain con- cessions where the construction of branch lines or tines in extension of existing railways in India was undertaken by private agency. The pay- ment of interest during construction is to be paid out of capital. With respect to the suggestion@ #### the Imperial Government should be ask@@ed to join the Government of India in guarantee-ng interest on the capital required for brush railways and irrigation works in ############ the India ###### that this ought to be addressed ##### t@he Chancellor of the Exchequer. A ########### had therefore been sent to Sir William Harcourt -The President called atten- tion to t@he present tariff war between Russia and @Germany, and mentioned that some of the firms in this district had been put to much trouble and inconvenience owing to the requirements of the Russian Customs authorities in the matter of certificates of origin, especially where the iron was sent through Germany. They now required that the certificates should be attested by some such public body as the Chamber of Commerce, an@d this week the Secretary of the Chamber had been called upon in two instances to sign and seal ############## documents for pig iron so forwarded.@-Three new members were elected.ing the local Liberal candidate by 465 votes. This was the last time that his political fortune was to be in the ascendant, for in 1892 the Liberal candidate. Mr Spicer, headed the poll with 3,430 votes to Sir George Elliot's 3,137. It was from Egypt that Mr Elliot was hurriedly recalled in 1874 to take part in the political cam- paign of that year. He had been in that country engaged in developing its railway resources, and his engineering skill and enterprise were to have still larger scope. On January 27th, 1876, he was received in special audience by the Khedive, his original mission being to forward certain arrange- ments as to harbour works. To the Finance Minister, who was present during the interview, @the English engineer suggested a plan for dealing with the entire indebtedness of Egypt, instead of the piecemeal method of dealing with Ioans that had formerly been adopted, and as the outcome of this conference the Khedive ####################################################### service by letting t@he little matter he refers to lie as still as possible. Mr Reynolds states that he was in favour of supporting a labour candidate at that time, but it is quite evident that he is against one now. I suppose because he might not be one of that ilk, and he says it is unwise and disloyal on my part to suggest a miners' candidate now. I have to thank Mr Reynolds for the hint he has given me, as I know now where to go for wisdom. We have been in the forefront in politics and social reforms for over 20 years, and at a time when very few of the so-called friends of the working classes did not, would not, and dare not come on our platform to help our cause but since trade, unionism has become a mighty power in the land we have swarms of wise men who pretend to know our business better than we know it ourselves. For Mr Reynolds's information I am proud to say that I am as loyal to the great Radical cause and the Grand Old Man as either him or his coterie, and as I have stated before, Mr Pease has voted all right. So far as we are concerned pro- bably no other member in the House would have done what he did under the circumstances in voting for the Eight Hours Bill. But there is work to do now in Parliament that can only be done by men who have come from the ranks of labour, and who thoroughly understand the great social and industrial questions of the day and who know exactly where to put their fingers on the sore places. It is the fact of so many men being out of work and so much poverty and starvation existing in our towns and villages that compels me to be so intensely in earnest in suggesting to the working men in Cleveland to bring out and return a labour candidate. I have no desire to split the party, but I certainly have a desire to see a party built up both outside and inside the House of Commons who in the interests of labour will go further than any party has ever gone yet or is ever likely to go. We cannot expect the present representatives to see as we see. If we had been reared and brought up in their places we should just do as they do. In conclusion, I may say we just want the right to bring a candidate forward, and as I have only suggested to the Cleveland miners the urgent necessity of direct labour representation, if they are satisfied to go on as we are going now they @must not grumble at anyone else, as they have the ball at their feet, and ######## then some others will claim ############### 0.-At the conclusion of the prizes ################################################ a hearty vote of thanks to Lady Milbank for so gracefully distributing the prizes, and also to those generous donors of prizes.-The vote was carried with cheers while cheers were also given for Sir Frederick Milbank and Mr @H. House.-Lady Milbank, in reply, said she was very sorry indeed that Sir Frederick was not able to be present@ that evening, as he was busily engaged in distributing carious prizes at Thorp Perrowow but she begged to assure them that his interest in@@ the volunteer movement had in no wise flagged Hear. hear. @She was also pleased to see that Mr Harry Rouse, of Firby Hall. had come to show the great interest he took in volun- teering and everything else which concerned the wel- fare of the district. Applause. She considered the volunteer movement one of the most important which @had ever been inaugurated in England. The enrolment of the volunteer force was a proof of their love for their country, and if the shores of old England were ever invaded by a foreign foe t@hen she was certain that every volunteer in the kingdom would gladly and quickly respond to the @call to arms, and would gallantly defend their hearths and homes@@. Loud applause. She had to inform them that in order to encourage the Bedale Rifles she had decided to offer three special prizes to be shot for on Easter Monday, and that afterwards, on some con- venient d@ay, she would he delighted to welcome them at Thorp Perrow, when she would present the prizes. Loud cheers, which where renewed as Her Ladyship left the Drill Hall. SKELTON. On Saturday the non-com@m@issioned officers and men of the G Company Skelton 1st Vol. Bat. P.W.O. Yorkshire Regiment held their Christmas prize-shooting on the Park @@Range. Five shots at 200 yards range Bisley targets@ and scoring. Score -Pte. Cooper. 19 points Pte. Ayrs. 17 Sergt. Richards. 16 Sergt. Judson. 1@@@6 Col.-Sergt. Wardm@an. 16 Pte. Clark. 16 Pte. Mossom, 16 @@Pte. J. T. Peacock. 15 Pte. Jackson. 15 Pte. W. Winter. 14 Pte. Walsh. 14 Pte. Bashley. 14 @@Sergt. Holmes, 14 Pte. Pea- cock, 14 Pte. Forster, 14 Pte. H. Winter. 14 Pte. Kisby, 14 Sergt. Inst. Treen, 14 Pte. Boynton. 13 Corpl. Elders, 13 Pte. Lowe. 13 Bugler Cook. 13 Lance-Corpl. Hark@er, 12@ Pte. Walker. 12 Pte. Dawe. 12 Pte. G. Smith. 11 Pte. Cory, 11 Corpl. E. Smith, 11 Pte. Cook, 11 Lance-Corpl. Pawsey, 10@@@ Pte. Thomas, 10 Pte. Gott, 9 Pte. Tindale, 9 Pte. Best. 9 Pte. Bul@mer. 9 Pte. E. Winter. 8 Corpl. Robinson. 8 Pte. Harding. 8 Pte. Garner, 8 Pte. Pattinson. 6 @@Pte. J. Richardson, 6 Pte. Appleton. 4 Pte. Byers, 4 Pte. M. Richard- son. 2 Pte. Johnson. 2 Pte. Heming. 2 Pte. Dixon, 2 Pte. Drury, 2 Corpl. Wilks, 0 Pte. J. R. Wilson, 0. In the evening, the distribution took place at the Arm@oury, under the superintendence of the committee.-@On the @@motion of Col.-Sergt. Ward- man. seconded by S@ergt. Richards, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to the generous donors of prizes. GUISBROUGH.@-On Saturday the 4th Battery 1st. N.R.Y. Artillery Volunteer, held their annual Christmas prize shooting at the Guisbrough Rifle Range. Five shots were allowed at 200 yards. The prizes @were in kind, given by the tradesmen. Principal scorers -Sergt.-Ma@jor Johnson. 16 Bomb. Bishop, 16 Corpl. Co@wea. 15 Corpl. Cooke, 13 Bomb. Haswell, 13 Wheeler Ditchburn. 13 Sergt. Porteous, 13 Gunner Wheallen, 13 Trumpeter Jones. 12. -@The annual Christmas prize shooting of the Guisbrough Rifle Volunteers K Company was held on Saturday. The distance was 200@ yards, five shots. The prizes were in kind, given by the tradesmen. Result @-Sergt@. Williams. 22 points Sergt. Fairweather, 20 Sergt. Postgate, 19 Corpl. Lancaster. 18 Pte. Waller, 18 Lance-Corpl. Blackett. 17 Sergt. Calvert. 16 Sergt.-Inst. Morris. 16 Sergt. Gardiner, 15 @Pte. Byers, 14 ###################################################### pressure on our space these football comments are held over until to-morrow Wednesday . SATURDAY'S MATCHES. STO@@CKTON V. BISHOP AUCKLAND. On Saturday the above teams ############# on the Victoria Ground, Stockton, before a moderate attendance. @Bishop Auckland kicked off in beautifully fine weather, and ######################## had made ########### attack the Auck- landites sped up the field @and ############## dangerous onsl@aughts on Stockton's citadel. ######## penned in for ############################ getting away, a sprint ###### ton forwards gave Gray opening, ################ ############# ####### goal. Warming up to their w@ork ############# forwards kept up a steady pressure upon the visitors' goal. Strachan ####################### goal, but put outside. Warfare raged in Auckland territory for a ############# time, and numerous ################################### place@, in which ########### conspicuous for good defensiv@e tactics. Stockton played pluckily, and their efforts to #################### rewarded by a second goal being sc@rimmaged through. The re-maind@@er of the gains up ############ was all in ſavour of the home team. Half-time score ################################################## over the homesters showed prominently for a few minutes, and then Bishop Auckland, with the @adva@ntage of the strong wind blowing, made things warm for the Stockton defenders. Dermont got@ away on the right wing and centred well, but Strachan mulled. Another attack on the part of Stockton resulted in a corner being conceded them. Strachan took@ the kick, and Fairburn obtaining possession of the ball put in a splendid shot. Bennelt smartly e@lecting The visitors forwards displayed only poor combination, and their attacks were as a consequence of only a very feeble nature. Strachan made a fine run half the length of the field, and centring. Daniels put through the thir@d goal for his team. The game was well-contested by both teams up till full time, when the score stood ################################################## were as follows ################## Meehan, backs, Brannan and Best@, half-backs, Monteith, Cochrane, and Roth@well forward@s, Dermont, Fairburn Daniels, Gray, and ################################ Bennett backs, Bous- field and Brown half-backs. Keenan. J Chatt, and Marshall@@ forwards, T Chatt, Foster Stainthorpe, Lodge, and Good@fellow. Referee@ Mr G. Millar. Middlesbrough. MIDDLESBROUGH V. DARLINGTON. These teams met on the Middlesbrough Ground on Saturday for the first time this season in a friendly fixture, the two clubs being represented as follows ###################### ############## T Bach and M Crie@@ half-backs, Wynn, Lendess, and Morren forwards, ######### Dunkerley, Drury. Stewart, and Frost. ################### Henderson backs, Norris and M'Gregor. half-backs, Bird, Ramsdale, and Camp- bell forwards. Brown M'Laine, Turton, Oliver, and Wa@tson. Middlesbrough played short of Bach for the first ten minutes, hut opened strongly the Darlington defence @being severely taxed from a corner kick. M'Laine and Campbell @then showed to the front for the visitors, but again the Skerneside citadel was attacked and Henderson, whose excellent play was a feature of the game, rejected in brilliant fashion. The following play was fairly even but@ not exciting, each team in turn going to the front without success, although t@he Darlingtonlans at one time should have scored with ordinary care. No score was made when hostilities were suspended for the interval, and the second half proved equally barren of results. Cronshaw for Mid- dlesbrough, and M'Laine for the visitors, each ca@me very near scoring. but when the whistle announced the end of the game neither side had scored ############################ SMALL HEATH V. MIDDLESBROUGH IRONOPOLIS. At Birmingham, before 1.500 spectators, on a heavy ground. A grand game was witnessed in the opening stages, both teams playing for all they were worth, and at the interval neither side @could claim any advantage, the result of @eve@n play being one point each. On resuming the game was continued to be fiercely and equally contested. Result @@-Small ############################################################################ -The friendly fixture was decided on the ground at Richmond in fine sharp weather. The local team played towards the grand stand. but their opponents by the aid or Tolson drew first blood. Be@fore changing ends R. Stuart equalised, and in the second half D@egnan and Tolson scored for the visitors. Then Richmond got@ through from a scrimmage, and just on t@he call of time another was put through, but was disallowed, an@d St. Hilda's won by three to ############################################################################## on the Tow Law ground on Saturday afternoon. The visitors were no match for their rivals, who throughout took matters easily, winning a one-sided game by 6 goals to nil. SATURDAY'S RESULTS. The League. Sunderland, 3 West Bromwich, 0. Burnley, 1 Blackburn @Rovers. 0. Derby County. 5 Stoke. 2. Everton. 8 Sheffield Wednesday. 1. Notts Forest@, 4 Darwen, 0. Preston North End. 3 Newton Heath, 0. Wolverhampton Wanderers, 3 Aston Villa. 0. Bishop Auckland League. Bishop Auckland Reserve. 1 Shildon Town, 0. Rise Carr Rangers, 3 Shildon Rangers. ######################################################## will ta@ke place to-morrow at Kompton Park and Dunstall Park, and ############### ######## holiday visitors #################### At Kempton I fancy the follow- ing.-Waterloo ###################### Twickenham Maiden Hurdle ################################################## Hurdle ############################### Maiden Hurdle ########################### Selling Hurdle #################### ################################################### At Dunstall Park I shall depend on the follow- ing ######################################### ########################## ############################## Dadley Handicap ######################################### Hurdle ######################## Wolverhampton Hurdle ############################################# Hunt Flat Race-DING DONG or ########## Thorneyeroft Hunt Flat ######################################################################################################################## and every ############### livery. C. G. HILL, ######################################## DARLINGTON. ## TIME ROLLS ON. Since I last announced ################## a year ago, To all who had a little leisure, What Havanas I could ############################################################################################################ Seven Barrows for @Winchester. We learn that Mr Harry Beasley@ of ######### ###### Curragh, will be married on January 9, to Mi@ss Field, daug@hter of Mr P. Field, St. Columba, Ballybrack, @@Co. Dublin. It is said to have been on the advice of @a leading London veterinary surgeon that Mr Vyner decided to wit@h@draw Marcion fr@om the Turf. There are now three sices whose fee is fixed at £200. viz., ################## and Sheen. The veteran Alec Taylor, who has @been seriously @@indisposed and confine@d to his room, is somewhat ####### The horses in training at Manton the property @of his Grace the Duke of Beaufort are all leaving for their owner's private place at Badminton, where they will i@n future be trained under the watchful eye of Lord A. Somerset. J. Mvans, who was so much concerned in the train- ing of the splendid marc Signorina, has severed his conn@ection withChevalier Ginistrelli, whose private trai@ner he has been for a so long. Arthur ########### is nearly all right@ again now, ############### able to resume t@hat work in the pig- skin of w@hi@ch @he is such a proficient. Captain@@ @Mac@hell is making fair progress towards recovery, and it is rumoured that@ @he @has been able to go for short drives in his carriage. The Dukes of Cambridge and York, who have been shoot@ing over the Choveley Park preserves @this week with Mr H. M'Calmont, inspected the horses under ######## charge at the Bedford Cottage training establishment. KEMPTON PARK MEETING. PR@OGRAMME FOR TO-DAY. Horses ma@rke@d @a have arrive@d.@ 1.0. -The WATERLOO ############################## PLATE of 30 ###################### ####### 11st@ 12lb, six and ################################################### was before From Villars down to Larranags, And twenty times as many more. ###### Intimidads, Cabanas, Vera Cruz, and ###################### Sultanas, Henry @Olays, and Don Juana. Amadoras, and Ma@nillas, And real good old British, too@ But you should try the Espadillas, W@hatsoever else you do. I. A@RMITAGE begs to call attention to ##################### ####### offerings. He also wishes to say that @he lives in almost sure and certain hope that they may all be laid in dust and ashes before the New@ Year dawns. HAPPT ################# Darlington.   FOOTBALL GOSSIP@!@! ################### read the F OOTBALL N OTES On all the Matches in the ####### By@@ Ranger in the ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ 4 Shildon Y.M.F. Society Reserve. 0. Eastbourne Rovers, 3 Bank Top Juniors, 0. Stockton N@.E.R.. 2 Thornaby N.E.R.. 0. CHRISTMAS DAY GAMES. IRONOPOLIS V. NEWCASTLE UNITED. These teams met in a League Second Di@vision fixture on Monday. About five minutes after the start the 'Nops. who were playing with the wind, scored through Grewar but Tolso@n soon equalised. In the first part of the second half the 'Nops were mostly on the defensive, and though they had the best of the game towards the close no further score was made, and the game ################################################################## This was a Northern League match played on Mon- day, but it @was a very one-sided game. Middlesbrough winning easily by 7 goals to 1. CHRISTMAS RESULTS. Bury. 1 Sunderland 1. Burnley, 4 Sheffield United, 1. Stoke. 3 North End. 3. Glasgow Rangers. 2 Everton, 1. Woolwich Arsenal. 4 Burslem Port Vale, 1. Accrington. 1 Liverpool, 0. Blackburn Rovers, 4 @@Darwen, 1. Darlington. 0 Stockton, 0. Richmond Town, 3 Darlington Central. 1. Howden Rangers. 5 Redear and Coatham United, 1. Darlington Station Porters Walton's team. 4 Ellerker's team. 2. ############################################### Bishop Auckland on Christmas Day, before a good field. The t@eams. including only Bonsfield. Lodge, Brown, Stainthorpe, and M@arshall. of the first team, were fairly level, and the one score in the game was made by W. Strachan, of South-road. Shildon Town, 2@@ Shildon Rangers, ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# or direct from @F RAZER'S T ABLETS L IMITED, 8A, KIRBY-STREET. HATTON GARDEN, LONDON, E.C. SOLE PROPRIETORS. ########################################################################################################################### A penalty kick to West resulted in a goal by Hopps. and even play pre- ceded a try by Horn, Hopps cleverly converting. During a rough second half, the only point scored was a goal from a penalty kick by Kassel. Final score -West Hartlepool......A penalty goal and a goal from try 8 points . South ################# goal 3 points . HALIFAX V. HARTLEPOOL ROVERS. On Hanson-lane ground. Halifax. About 4,000 people were present. The home team early showed they were in good trim, and Jackson ran and dogged from centre to the visitors' line. but Chorley missed a pass when he could have walked in. After another grand di@splay by the home back@ Fletcher scored in a loose rush, Keeping@ improving. Restarting, the visitors we@re aw@arded a penalty, and Alderson, by a @huge kick, struck the post, the ball falling back into play. Firt@h next effected a fine run in after passing by three or four of his colleagues. and Fletcher added another try, both these being improved by Keepings. H@artlepool were awarded a penalty, and Alderson dropped a beautiful goal. At the in@terval Halifax led by fifteen points to three. After the restart the visitors played up grandly, and Snowden almost scored. Halifax saving. After the drop out@ the home forwards dribbled in a body, Fletcher scoring his third try, Keepings ################################################################################################################################################ Just try a bottle. 1 1½ and 2 9. all ################################ a delicately refined, chemically pure Soap, intended for general use, and is free from the injurio@us acrid oils peculiar to common, imper- fectly prepared soaps. Sulpholine soap is excellent for washing at all times, and rendering the skin ##### and pliable. Tablets, 6d each. Sold ############################## you broken in your rest by a sick chil@d suffering with the pain of cutting teeth? Go at once to a chemist and get a bottle ############################### which has been ### over 50 years by millions of mothers for their children while teething, with ################ It is perfectly ha@rmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub ########## as bright as a button. It ########### child, it softens t@he gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the beet known re@medy for dysentary and ############################### teething or other ###### Sold by Chemists everywhere at 1s 1½d ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## w@ho was playing ################### left the field at this stage. Rigg added a grand try. Keepings improving, and then Hodgson twice stole Halifax opponents' passes, and once scored. On the second occasion @he gave the ball to Alderson, who got a try. A splendid game ended @with the fol- lowing score ########## goals 25 points Hartlepool Rovers...... 2 goals 1 try 11 points WESTOE V. DURHAM CITY. At South Shields, before 2,000 spectators, and in fine weather. The Cits had slightly the best of the first half, and Smeddle scored for them, Graham missing the goal. On changing ends Westoe showed to greater advantage, Rarle scoring twice in quick succession, one try being converted by Robertson. Durham tried hard to equalise, but failed, and a fast game ended as follows ############################################################### at Houghton. Capt. H. F. Fenwick, M.P., kicked off for the ho@me team. There were over 1.000 spectators present. In the first p@ortion of the game the home team showed best form, but fagged down. M'Gann and Wainford scored for Tudhoe before the interval, but the last- named player failed to convert. Half-time-Tudhoe, 2 tries Houghton, nil. In the second interval both teams strove hard to obtain the upper hand, and a splendid game ensued. but before the final Wainford again scored. Final-Tud@hoe, 3tries Houghton. ################## that produces such perfect sweetness and cleanliness as Hudson's ########################################################################## which have proved so success- ful in America for the cure of Coughs. Colds, Hoarse- ness, Bronchitis, Asthma, Catarrh, or any irritation or soreness of the threat, are now imported and sold in this country at 1s 1½d per box. Put up in the form of a lozenge. It is the most convenient, pleasant, safe, and sure remedy for clearing and streng@thening t@he voice in the world. No family should be without them. The genuine have the words ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ Altnaveig@h, ################## Baldersund, Buella, ############################## Ding Dong, ################## Oriole. Grand ########################## Go Lu@cky, ############################ Medley, Novel, Oak, ####################### Po@usson. Philmont. ################## Safe Cure, ################################ Violet Blossom, Warrior. ##################### #### ############################################### t@he final heats of Mr J. Dufour's 200 yards straight- out dog @handicap by merit were run off ###### ############### in fine weather. The amount of ################ was £7, second £1, and third 10s. ################## the following @dogs won their heats -@Good- fellow's Monte Carlo, M'Pherson's Youn@g Domino, Bill's Good Boy, Bill's Meg. Coulson's Lucky Socks, Cummins's Miss Hermit. Humphrey's Ji@mmy Kemp, Ned's Telephone, Harold's Fair ################### berry, Scott's Little Flower, Bu@lmer's Never Nothing. Third Round-First heat@ 1, Jimmy Ke@mp 2. M@ul- berry 3. Fair Exchangege 4, Never Nothing. Won by half a yard same between seco@nd and ####### S@econd heat@ 1. Beg 2, Miss Hermit@ 3, ############## 4. Monte Carlo. Won by a foot half a yard @betwe@en second and third. Third heat 1, Telephone 2. Young Domino 3, Good ############### by a foot @half a yard between second @@and third. Final 1, Jimmy Kemp 2, ################# a yard six inches between ################## on the final 2 to 1 on ################### and @4 to ############# George Samuels judge@, ################################################################################## requiring the SERVICES of such persons. 6d. 16 WORDS 6d. 3 I@NSERTIONS. ##################### The same Prepaid Rate is charged for #################### Situations Offered Apartments Wanted or To Let Money Wanted or Off@ered Houses To Let Articles L@ost or Found Specific Articles Offered For Sale ############# be Disposed Of Partnerships Wanted or Offere@d and Miscellaneous Wants. Parliamentary Notices, Election Addresses, ############# of Public Com@panies, @c., 9d per line of space occupied. Other Legal and Statutory Notices. Municipal Parochial, County and School Board Addresses, 6d per line. For all Advertisements, except those above speci- fi@@ed, the rates are as follows -For the first insertion 6d per line of space 2 to 5 consecutive insertions 4d per line 6 to 11 3½d 12 to 18 3d per line. Advertisements not inserted con- secutively are charged ½d per line per insertion extra. BIRTHS, MARRIAGES, AND DEATHS @which must be prepaid and authenticated by the @name and address of the sender the charge is 1s 3d for the first 16 words and 3d for each additional six @words. BRANCH ################################### STOCKTON-Borough Hall Buildings. HARTLEPOOL-24, High-street. WEST ################################ ############# . BISHOP AUCKLAND-49, Newgate-street. HEAD OFFICE PRI@ESTGATE, DARLINGTON. N. B.-Cheques and Money Orders may be made payable to J. G. ################################################################################################################################################################ thorough knowledge of the ############## which govern the operation of ######################################## of the fine ################################################################################################################################################################################################ and supper a delicately flavoured beverage which ma@y save us many heavy doctors' bills. It is ################ use of such articies of diet that @a ############## may be gradually built ######################################################### and a properly nourish@ed ###################### Gazett@e.-Made simply with ################# #################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Bishop Auckland-all in the County of Durham at Albert-road, Middlesbrough, in t@he County of York and at 183, Fleet@-@street, London. ############## Middlesex. TUESDAY, ################