[OCR_toInput] The Birmingham Daily Post, 1 prioe one penny, is 'pub luhed every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, end Friday mornings, at the offices, No. 38, New Street, Birmingham, and is ready for delivery to news agents at six o'clock. Arrangements have been made for the delivery of the Post to subscribers in Birmingham by eight o'clock, and we believe that all news agents will ensure its prompt delivery by that hour. The Post will be on sale in all the principal towns of Warwickshire, Staffordshire, East Worcestershire, and Salop, by seven o'clock on the mornings of publication. The price of the Dailt Post will be 5s. 5d. per quarter, or 10s. lOtf. per half year. The Saturday Evening Post, price three-halfpence, a weekly journal for the working classes, will be published every Saturday afternoon at fire o'clock, and may be obtained from all news agents in Birmingham and the district. The Daily and Saturday Evening Post are registered for transmission abroad. Three copies of the Daily Post in one cover can be sent by post for a penny, and two copies of the Saturday evening edition. It is suggested to subscribers residing at a distance, that if three neigh bours would arrange to have their copies sent under one cover, the postage would add very little to the cost of the paper. To Advertisers in the Daily Post. -We beg to inform our advertising friends that no wood engravings will be admitted into the Daily Post. The advertise ments being limited in number, and appearing in the best position in our columns, will obtain a prominence which can soarcely be enhanced by pictorial illustrations. THE BIRMINGHAM DAILY POST, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1857. itself of the women and children an4 the wounded astrous consequences. The aggregate in 1853 was taSSS hear ' , • ... A Ul .. J .vtoa ! L d eereasadto£17.109.9n.,or tothe St. Thomas e Day Fund, WWMV , . FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1857. NEWS OF THE DAY. As we anticipated yesterday, the Bank of England has at length acknowledged the diminished value of money, and the accession of bullion, and has reduced the rate of discount by 2 per cent., the current rate being now 8 per cent., although the discount houses are taking good paper at 6. The whole tendency of monetary and commercial affairs, both in this couairy and on the Contiuent, is in the direction of impaove-ment, and it is consequently by no means improbable that a still further reduction will be speedily ma lie. Commercial affairs in America are also improving. The markets are necessarily dull, from the circv jnstane that operations for the spring trade have bijen com pleted and it is yet too early for the sunu net- business. It is also too much to expect that the, fearful crisis through which the country has passed b as in its effects been entirely overcome. Confidence, ' However, is fast being recovered and the resumptio' A 0 f specie pay ments by the Banks is only another although a very gratifying indication, of the advent 0 f a better state of matters. The Board of Trade Returns, w hi c h were issued yesterday, are upon the whole sa tisfactory. The con dition of trade is vividly appa- ceni a the falling off during last month to the air , ount 0 f 110 i ess than £1,987,860. as compared wit , tIie same period last year. On the eleven months 0 p jjie present year there is a considerable increase. I amounts to no less than £9,161,565. Gratifying as y,i s 3 the increase is by no means in proportion to t expansion of trade during last year. Later telegrams receivi J j from Alexandria relating to Indian affairs, while t' Je y oon f5rm the glad tidings of the relief of Lucknow a nd the safety of the garrison, modify iu some measv re previous intelligence, and supply a few' additio na j particulars. The 22,000 men which the Foreign Office despatch placed under the command of Sir O JUN Campbell, lias in that of the Times dwindled down to little more than half. We are inclined to V , e ii e y e that the smaller is the correct number, consid er jng that there were only 5,000 men under Grant a nd Grkathed at Alutnbagli, and that the Commanj ,er-in-Chief marched from Cawnpore with a force somewhat numerically inferior. If the fact be so, t j, ere j 3 80me doubt about the force being amply su fficient to reduce Oude to entire subjection, even with 1U some months to come. It must not be forgotten that Oude is almost as extensive in area as Scotland h an d has a population of 3,000,000, from which our arr des have been recruited that its forest fast nesses are many that every house in every village has been ma de a fortress and that every native and every rebe j who has fled from Bengal to swell the popula tin' ,i is a mortal enemy. There is some tough work cut O' - it for our forces, we fear, before Oude is once more ■ subdued. All the telegrams refer to a series of severe aud bloody struggles which characterised the march from Alumbagh to the Residency at Lucknow-a dis tance of some seven or nine miles, which was only accomplished after six days' incessant fighting. We are now informed that our loss iu officers is four killed and forty wounded-a proportion far below that expe rienced at the assault and capture of Delhi. Not a word has been received as to our loss in rank and file, although probably it was impossible to ascertain this in time for transmission by this mail. It appeal's that the telegraphic accounts from Naples of the frightfiil casualties resulting from a series of earthquake shocks, which informed us of the dead being counted by thousands, were much exaggerated. The details which have come to hand show that, although there has been a great destruction of property and considerable loss of life, no such awful catastrophe as that before indicated has taken place. Mr. West's legal adviser has applied to the solicitor employed to lay a case before the Attorney-General for a copy of that Case and the Opinion upon it. Mr. Suckling informs Mr. Slaney that it is not usual for one solicitor to ask another to show his cards in this way, and invites him first, to say what was the nature of the opinion he obtained on his client's case, and next to promise to cease legal proceedings and abide by the decision of the Atiorney-General-and then we suppose Mr. Slaney may he favoured with a sight of that document. This, we suppose, is considered to he an answer to the request. We need not say to any lawyer that the Opinions, treated as if they were anala-gous, are totally different. A lawyer takes an Opinion in order to guide himself and his client as to their course of proceeding, and nobody besides has anything to do with it Mr. Suckling takes an Opinion which he intends shall bind both parties, and therefore it follows that both parties should know what was the nature of the Case upon which the Opinion was obtained. Surely, this distinction is broad enough surely, no man with a beard on his chin is goose enough to pledge himself to abide by a decision until he knows the evi dence on which that decision is based. And yet this information is precisely what Mr. Slaney asked for, and is so curtly refused. The farce is perfect iu all its parts law, logic, conduct, all alike. If Mr. Cox thinks the man whose consent to abide by the decision is not worthy to know what he is asked to defer to, is there no consideration for the public ? Not a tittle. They are not permitted even to know what the Attorney-General has said, but must be content to learn it in a lawyer's paraphrase of half-a-dozen words, viz., Mr. West s election is not valid. This is certainly taking a slight liberty with the subscribers,-not more, perhaps, than might have been expected from the nabobs of the Hospital, but rather out of keeping with Mued letter of Mr. Cox, wherein, SX 11 sc senbers will probably invite Mr. Cox to allow him an inspection of the legal document before which every body is expected to fall down and worship. We repeat the easy prophecy, that when it is seen, it will be found to contain all the misrepresentations of law and fact of which the dominant party have been guilty. The long-looked-for news of the relief of Lucknow has been received with a general gratification pro or-tionate to the anxiety of which the place has for so great a time been the focus. The fact of the relief being conveyed beyond th o possibility of further molestation at the hands of the infuriated insurgents thirsting for their blood, outweighs all other con siderations, even the terrible one of the price that must have been paid in British soldiers' lives during the fearful eight days' fighting the telegraph makes men tion of, viz., from the 13th to the 20th, both inclu-sive. The telegram abounds in so many and such pal pable blunders of dates and figures that it is possible there may be grave error in this report of so protracted a struggle. As to the alleged number of troops under Sir Colin Campbell's command, namely, 22,000, it is so palpable a mistake that the Times of yesterday surmises that the first figure should be 1, instead of 2 thus reducing the force to 12,000, which would still be greatly in excess of what there is any t'easonable pro bability for supposing. There are not 22,000 men in all Southern India, including Showers', Stuart's, and all the rest of the moveable columns, unless indeed Maun Sing may have returned to his allegiance, and that his 15,000 are included in the governmental enu meration, a rather unlikely contingency, in whatever aspect viewed. We venture to say it will be found that 4,000 were about the actual number of fighting Europeans at Lucknow but we must wait till Wednesday or Thursday for particular and, in the meanwhile rejoice that Christmas is gladdened by intelligence the Lack of which would have rendered gloomy many a fireside, and the thought of the cost of which will even now fill hundreds of mind with gloomy forebodings jf individual grief, however vivid the national exultation. While the news of tho relief of Lucknow was being conveyed over London, the quarterly meeting ef the Court of Proprietors at the India House was also being held and at it two' of the gentlemen present, Mr. Jonhs and Sir. Malcolm Lewtn, who have given great consideration to the-subject of our relation wiili tire native races, once mere urged their views as to the expediency, as well as justice, of endeavouring to hold oar own there by a policy which should identify British interest with these of the occupants of the soil. So ill received, however, were these propositions, that they were negatived without a division aud the chair man o£ the company pooh-poohed tho doctrine that we were in fault at all repeated that the disturbance was purely a Sepoy one that where there were no Sepoys there was no revolt and that now the Sepoys were disposed of, danger from any other source was not to be thought of. If this be the creed of the heads of the Company we shall certainly find no great difficulty in reconciling ourselves tothe abolition of the whole body, however much we may deplore the additional irrespon sible power that will thereby be thrown into the hands of a centralising Home Government and however much also we may dread that in consequence of that abolition on the one hand and centralisation on the other, the peril will be increased of evils from sources which are now looked upon as elements of enduring strength to us. It is a very remarkable thing that, though opposed to each other on most points of detail, both civilians and military men who have given closest attention to the subject, warn us of imminent mischief from one and the same quarter. A writer in the cur rent number of the United Service Magazine says ' ' The religion of the Sikhs is intensely national, and their fanaticism requires faith in their national grandeur as long as they remain even the ghost of a nation, this spirit will remain. Fanaticism, as has been clearly proved, too, is the greatest of all obstacles to the establishment of foreign dominion. The Jews are a good instance of this. They, iu their blind fanatacism, resisted for ten years the power of Imperial Rome, in the hopes of the Messiah's advent, and were only pre vented from again troubling their rulers by national annihilation, by being dispersed everywhere over the Roman world. The Sikhs are the Jews of modem times. Maharaj Sing proclaimed the advent-the second coming of Guru Govino, and was believed. Any other Sikh priest who advanced the same preten sions, as forerunner of the great Guru, would he be lieved to-morrow. Let anyone resident in the north western provinces of India ask a Sikh's opinion of the matter. These are wise remarks, written, he it ob served, not at all in reference to recent events, hut to illustrate a criticism on the Viceroyalties of Hardinge and Dalhousie. If it be remarked that the Hindoos are also fanatical, and that their fanaticism did not pre vent their comparatively easy subjugation in the first instance, and their not difficult retention in a state of quietude afterwards, the answer is, that their fanaticism is of quite a different kind to that now spoken of, and has scarcely any perceptible reference to political domination, therein varying altogether from the Sikhs, and scarcely less from the Mussulmans. Religion is so entirely mixed up and interwoven in the Hindoo nature that it is part and parcel of his social being and you could no more dissever him from his religion, and yet preserve his social status, than you could change his skin-a fact almost entirely lost sight of by those whose judgment is impaired by their commendable anxiety to see a pure faith supersede a foul one. As long a3 the Hindoo can pursue his religious usages according to the precedent of an anti quity compared with which ours is but the growth of yesterday, he is all but indifferent to the individuality or dynasty in whose hands the sovereign power may be. Hence the force of the saying that princes in India may be dethroned with impunity, but to disturb the village is not only to revolutionise but to anarchise the country -meaning that interference with the custom of the village, which is the religion of the village, in other words caste, would he fatal, and so we have found it. The contrary of all this is the case with the races spoken of by the writer already quoted, who adds - Assuming the late Governor-General's notion to he correct, that we have none but the Sikhs to fear in the Punjaub, his measures defeat the avowed object. The very men are excluded from employment who are most dangerous to us when idle, and who, besides, have a thousand reasons to hate our rule. Well, then, supposing our rule is hateful to all Punjaubees alike, inasmuch as they all shared in the glory and advantages offered under the sway of the Lion of the Punjaub, not Sikhs, we are trusting to the faith of men who do not understand honour at all in public transactions, and putting the future peace of that country at their mercy. It is wholly impossible to impress any truth of this on the public ear, even on the ear of those whom one would suppose most ready to accept it, and to propa gate it In fact, such suggestions and intimations are resented as obtrusiveness and offensiveness, as though the wisdom of all the late doings in India had been too conspicuous to admit of cavil or question. Hence, though we hear much of the forms of Anglo-Indian administration being likely to be changed, transferred from one set of hands to another, there is no talk of a change of principle in dealing with the causes in which the present calamities have arisen and until such change takes place it is in vain to suppose that we shall not have a continual recurrence of Indian troubles of one sort or another, each finding us more and more unprepared to deal with it, because entailing sacrifices wholly disproportioned to the advantages. £15,365,250., and in 1856 It had increased to £17,109,971., or considerably more than half the total revenueof thecountry. Next in importance to the land-tax is the opium monopoly, which is confined, however, to the presidencies of Bengal and Bombay, where the gross produce in 1856 was £5,195,976. The tendency to increase in this source of revenue is not very decided, and it is one, moreover, which may at any time be extinguished. Customs duties, levied chiefly on British manufactures, but also on some articles of Indian produce as a protection to native industry, show a gradual increase from £1,435,980. in 1853 to £2,106,657. in 1856. Three-fourths of this amount is raised in Bengal in the Punjaub none. There is next a tax called sayer, which is levied in all the provinces, and in 1856 produced £1,243,558. Excise duties are levied only in Bengal, where they produced £30,033. in 1853, and £45,147. in 1856. The moturpha, a tax peculiar to Madras, is rapidly diminishing in 1853 the receipts were £118,461., and in 1856 only £108,681. Salt being a necessary of life, the monopoly of it must needs increase, whatever the condition of those who pay for it and hence tho produce of this source of revenue has increased during the last four years from £2,421,098. to £2,651,456. It should be remembered, in considering this tax, that within the memory of thousands now living a much heavier duty was levied upon salt in this country than is paid by the natives of India. The postal revenue increased during the same period from £200,697. to £237,453. Stamp duties form another increas ing source of revenue, having yielded £491,476. in 1853, and £552,751. in 1856. Mint duties, levied only in the three great Presidencies, declined from £149,719. in the former year to £78,711. in 1855 but in 1856 they rose to £195,986. The tobacco monopoly, limited to Madras, pro duced only £63,162. in 1853, and declined to £8,958. in the following 'year, since which it has not been collected. There are some miscellaneous taxes collected in all the pro vince , the aggregate produce of which is annually dimin ishing in 1853 they yielded £2,060,384., and in 1856 only £1,369,892. The total gross revenue of each province last year was as follows Bengal, £13,019,430. North West Provinces, £6,260,006. Madras, £5,287,329. Bombay, £4,953,172. Punjaub, £1,297,591. If the taxation which a country will bear is a fair criterion of its prosperity, as it is generally admitted to be, the condition of the masses in India, judging from the returns, must be deplorableindeed. India, with more than six times the population of the United Kingdom, with a soil the most fertile in the word, and taxed to the utmost, pays less than half the amount paid by the inhabitants of the British Islands whilst the customs and excise duties, which in the United Kingdom furnish considerably more than half, in India provide only one-fifth of the total revenue. The Board of Trade returns which were issued yesterday, are by no means so satisfactory as could be wished. The total decrease in the deolared value of our exports during the last month is no less than £1,987,860., as compared with the corresponding month last year. It appears, how ever, that upon the eleven months just passed there is an increase of £9,161,565. The deorease during the last month affects nearly every branch of trade, and has been seriously felt by the manufacturing interests of this district. A comparison of the month of November this year with that of 1856 will make tho fact apparent at a glance -1856. 1857. Glass . £46,103 Hardware and cutlery .... 371,564 . . 315,092 Machinery, c .... 274,065 . . 294,956 Iron . 911,746 Copper . 242,494 Brass 14,415 . . 15,135 Lead . 25,613 Tin unwrought .... 17,555 . . 17,381 Tin plates .... 136,260 . . 53,592 Plate, plated-wares, watches, and jewellery 51,115 . ,. 40,287 The full details of these returns, so important to this community, we must reserve until to-morrow, with such remarks as these facts may seem to deserve. In connection with the exports of our produce we find the following in an article i n the New York Times of the 12tli of December, just received by the Fulton, relative to the commercial relations between France and tho States apropos of the new tariff. It is said -More important than the cotton growing question is the growing question of the trade in iron. The iron production of this country is now entering upon the most critical period of its history, and it should be an object of the first consequence to our statesmen to provide for the proper expansion of its commercial capabilities. The French duties upon iron are practically prohibitive along line of the French frontier, except on the bi stretches from Blauc-Misseron to Mont Genevre, where the duty falls three francs per 100 kilogrammes. Every branch of French industry feels the paralysing effects of this weight upon its development, for iron is no less essential to the circulation of the whole industrial body than to the vital circulation of the human system. Wo have dwelt upon the trade in cotton and in iron with specific remark because of tho leading importance of these articles to the export commerce, present and future, of the United States, as well as the industry of France, but it is impossible to glance over the schedules of French commerce without per ceiving that the whole trade of France with this country is susceptible of a very great legitimate expansion under the operation of a more liberal commercial system. Id this money to Alderman Hodgson' t the whole elt which Inquest on the Late Mb. Hunt, District Poor Law Auditor.-An inquest was opened on the body of this gentleman at the Globe Hotel, Warwick, yesterday, before S. W. Haynes, Esq., Borough Coroner, and a res pectable Jury, of which Mr. H. Elvins was foreman. The first witness called was Mr. E. Johnson, landlord of the hotel, who stated that Mr. Hunt drove up to the Globe from the railway station about half-past one on Sunday. There was to be a consultation that afternoon with reference to the Birmingham parochial embezzlement cases, which Mr. Hunt was to attend, and he was to dine with the gentlemen concerned in the prosecution but he said that instead of doing so he should like to dine with Mr. and Mrs. Johnson. Accordingly lie sat down in the bar, appearing very excited, and partook of some boiled fowl. While eating it, he described the railway accident he had been in on Friday. Before he had finished dinner, he said he must go to his room, but before reaching it ho was com pelled to go into the commercial room, on the first flight of stairs, the bell of which ho rang. He requested that Mr. Richards, a friend, also staying at the Globe, should come to him, and Mr. Richards went. A surgeon was imme diately sent for.-Mr. Blenkinsop, surgeon, said that he was called in about half-past two. He found Mr. Hunt very ill, faint, and vomiting, gave him astimulant, and had him sent to bed. When he rallied a little he ordered a warm bath, but as Mr. Hunt fainted as soon as he was put into it, he had him put in bed a ain. Dr. Jeaffreson was then called in. The deceased died at twenty-five minutes to nine on Tues day morning. In company with Dr. Jeaffreson and Mr. Male he made a post mortem, examination on Wednesday. That examination led to the discovery that an aneurism, formed on the abdominal aorta, had burst, and a large quantity of coagulated and fluid blood which had escaped was also found. That was the cause of death. Was of opinion that the aneurismal sac was lacerated in the rail way collision, but that no great discharge of blood took place till the deceased was taken ill on Sunday. Mr. P. Richards gave evidence as to Mr. Hunt having, after he was taken ill, expressed fears that he was injured by the accident. From what he said about the accident witness that he was sittir was sent with his face to presumed that he was sitting with his back to the engine, was sent with his face to the back of the carriage with great force, and that his left side had hit upon the elbow of The Indian Revenue. At the present moment, when everything relating to India is regarded as a matter of national interest, in a greater degree than at any former period, reliable information concerning the revenue of that country is of the greatest value. From returns moved for by Mr. A. Mills, and just made public, it appears that, though the gross revenue of India has increased during the last four years from £28,609,109. to £30,817,528., the charges upon it have increased in a greater ratio, namely, from £25,279,848. to £28,372,901. The principal sourc of revenue is the land tax, the produce of which increases d ' 1 'T except in the Madras Presidency, where it is gra-whioL i, a ' n ! off owing to the poverty of the inhabitants, India to bp G US ° t lousan 6s of acres of the best land in largestin'T ° f 'Nation. The amount raised countries over which thetebcm WCSt Province3 ' the he rebellion has swept with such dis-1 the seat. Dr. Jeaffreson confirmed the evidence of Mr. Bleukinsop. There was good reason to believe that the injury was done to the aneurismal sac at the accident on Friday, but the final rupture did not take place till Sunday. Could hardly give an opinion whether death was accelerated by exertion afterwards but if he knew a man had an aneurism, should advise him to lie in bed after such an accident. The enquiry was adjourned to the 4th of January. The General Hospital.-At the Weekly Board held yesterday, Howard Luckcock, Esq., in the chair, the following donations were announced in aid of the new wing The Dowager Lady Chetwynd, £10. and, per col lecting cards, Miss Ashmore, Yardley, £9. Messrs. Peyton and Son, Great Lister Street, £5. W. G. Postans, Esq., Lionel Street, £2. 2s. Mrs. Crompton, Edgbaston, £1. 5s. The Secretary reported a new annual subscription of £1. 5s, from the Rev. A. Solani, Ocker Hill. The Queen's Hospital.-At the Weekly Board, held yesterday, Mr. John Boucher in the chair, an annual sub scription of £4. 4s. was presented from Henry Halford, Esq., West Bromwich, per Mr. William Edwards, Cal-tliorpe Street. At a meeting of the Guardians of the King's Norton Union on Wednesday last, a subscription of two guineas ? er annum was voted to the Birmingham and Midland nstitution for Diseases of the Eye. Accidents,-Yesterdayaftemoon, asaboy named Thomas Colburn, residing in Lionel Street, was assisting in taking a boat through the Snowhill Lock of the old Birmingham Canal, he attempted to push open the lock gate with his foot, sitting at the same time on the boat. The gate, it is supposed from the pressure of the water, rebounded, and caught his foot between it and the bows of the boat, and fractured his ankle. He was conveyed to the General Hospital, where he still remains.-Samuel Jones, a well sinker, in the employ of Mr. W. Mills, Great Hampton Street, whilst engaged three or four days ago in sinking a sinking a shaft in King Street, Hockley, sustained a rather severe laceration of the scalp, in consequence of a brick falling upon his head from the top. His wound was dressed at the General Hospital, and he has since been admitted as an m-patient, and is in a fair way of recovery. ing that it was distributed among 350 families, upwards of 1,700 person , in bread, money, and • Blankets are also provided as a loan to the poor for tne winter season. _ King Edward's Free Grammar School.-Distribu tion op Prizes.-The usual half-yearly distribution or prizes took place yesterday morning, in the presence ot several of the Governors and a large number of the friends of the pupils, the presentations being made by the Rev. E. H. Gifford, Head Master. At twelve o'clock the scho lars, boys and girls, of the Elementary Schools, to the num ber of about 1,000, assembled in the Classical School Room, when the Head Master, after a few remarks, in the course of which he expressed his satisfaction with the progress and condition of the Schools, awarded a number of prize . Seventeen were apportioned to each of the girls' schools for general class work, writing, drawing, and needlework, and thirteen to each of the boys' departments. Four extra rewards were given for the result of the general examina tion of the first division of the first class in each school. The good order and excellent behaviour of the pupils was a subject of general remark. The scholars of the Gram mar School will reassemble on tho 3rd of February, and of the Elementary Schools on the 20th of January. Infant School Anniversary.-The anniversary meet ing of scholars and friends of tho Infant School, in Ann Street, which is in connection with the Birmingham infant School Society, took place yesterday, Thursday- lh ° room was prettily decorated for the occasion, and amongst those present were Messrs. R. T. Cadbury, in the chair, Joseph and Edmund Sturge, and Mr. W. Nutter, secretary to the society, together with a number of ladies. The report, as read by Mr. Nutter, detailed the good resu ts achieved by the educational efforts of the promoters of the society. The progress of the school in question had dunng the past year continued satisfactory, the average attendance of 130 scholars having been about 90. Five young persons had been taught and qualified as infant school teachers during the same period, making a total of 162 since its establishment in 1825. The statement of accounts showed a slight deorease in the funds, asi compared with the pre ceding year, the receipts being £174. 17s. 6d. expenditure, PI 42 17,-? lid. balance m hands of treasurer, £31.19s. Id, The children were examined by Mrs. Smith, the school mistress and the manner in which they acquitted them selves was highly satisfactory, and entitled both teacher and scholars to much praise. . . _ Injury from the Fall of a SCzVFFOLD. Yesterday morning, soon after seven o'clock, an accident of this nature occurred at a building in course of erection m Holloway Head, belonging to Mr. Martin, builder. One of the labourers employed, named James Connolly, was on the scaffold attached tothe erection, about fifteen feet from the ground, when the portlock broke, and the poor fellow, in addition to the fall, had a portion of the timber, c., precipitated upon him. He was quickly conveyed to the Queen's Hospital, and on enquiry, last night, we find that Connolly is so much injured that he cannot stir his legs, and his back is also the seat of great pain. Altogether his case seems a very serious one. Child Scalded to Death.-An inquest was held last night Thursday, at E. P. Mitton's, the Calthorpe Arms Inn, Bath Itow, before Dr. B. Davies, on the body of a fine little girl named Rose Weaver, two years and five months old, the daughter of James. Weaver, a mason, in Naviga tion Street. The afflicted mother of deceased stated that about the middle of the day on the preceding Saturday she was sitting by the fire, with her little child standing at her knee. Upon the drop-bar of the grate was a saucepan full of boiling hot broth. Engaged closely at her work of waist coat making, she did not actually see deceased lean forward to and take hold of the handle of the saucepan, but she had no doubt the little creature did so, fell forward, upset the vessel full of the broth, which scattered itself over her neck, face, arm, and left side, and scalded her dreadfully. She was at once taken to the Queen's Hospital, where Mr. Pemberton, one of the students in charge temporarily, as house surgeon, paid every attention to the sufferer, but without avail, and the child died on Wednesday last. After hearing the remarks of the Coroner, the Jury returned a verdict of Accidental Deatli. -THE ENQUIRY INTO THE CONDUCT OF THE CHIEF SUPERINTENDENT OF POLICE. SECOND DAY. On the reassembling of the committee on Friday, the 20th of November, Alderman Manton read the following letter that had been addressed to him by the Chairman Alderman Hodgson -13, Waterloo Street, November 20th, 1867. Dear Sir,-You are aware that an improper use has been made of the fact of my having been some time ago engaged in attempting to arrange the pecuniary affairs of Mr. Stephens, our Superin tendent, and also that my professional connection with him ceased as soon as I heard it was intended to bring against him charges which it would bo iny duty, as Chairman of the Watch Committee, to assist in investigating. In order to protect myself from a repe tition of insinuations not only derogatory to my character as a public man, but repugnant to that spirit of impartiality which i have sought to carry into every relation of life, I think it advis able to abstain from taking any part in the investigation now pending, and believing that in delegating to yourself, or some other member of the Watch Committee, my position as Chairman during the progress of this enquiry, substantial justice will be dealt out to all parties concerned.-Yours faithfully, T. R. T. Hodgson. On the motion of Mr. E. C. Osborne, Alderman Manton was unanimously elected Chairman pro tern., and it was afterwards resolved that Alderman Hodgson's letter be received and entered on the minutes. A discussion, which occupied some time, afterwards ensued upon a motion by Mr. Goodrich, to tho.effect that in order that members of the force who wer called as witnesses might not l e deterred from giving free and candid evidence, the Chief Superin tendent be suspended during the enquiry. In submitting this resolution, Mr. Goodricksaid he was actuated by no hostile feeling towards Mr. Stephens, but simply by a desire that the mem bers of the force who might be called before them should not feel themselves under any influence or restraint. -Alderman Lloyd seconded the motion, and remarked that he thought they had gone far enough into the enquiry to justify them in adopting the course proposed by Mr. Goodrick.-Mr. Smith sin cerely hoped the resolution would not be adopted, inasmuch as the fact of the suspension of Mr. Stephens would give rise to an impression on the public mind that a proof of guilt had already been established.-Mr. E. C. Osborne also opposed the motion, expressing his belief that the suspension of Mr. Stephens would be most injudicious, inasmuch as the moral control he possessed over the force woul-l be seriously impaired. He moreover asserted that the committee were not justifiedjat so early a stage of the enquiry iu taking such an abrupt step.-Mr. Brown thought that if it was deemed proper that Mr. Stephens should be suspended, he ought to have been suspended at the outset, and he did not see how they could reasonably or rightly suspend him now.-Mr. Dee consi dered that now was the proper time for discussing the question.-Mr. Cutler concurred in the view taken by Mr. Brown. If they suspended Mr. Stephens now, the public would naturally impute guilt to him. As to the suggestion of the influence which the pre sence of tiieir chief officer might have upon the members of the force, he did not think that the officers who had already been examined had evinced any reserve or trepidation. Alter some further discussion, Mr. Goodrick, on the suggestion of the Chair man, agreed to defer his motion until the enquiry was further advanced. Mr. Stephens, who had not been present during these proceed ings, was then called in, and the enquiry was proceeded with. The Chairman read the following letters, which were referred to by Mr. Stephens in his evidence on the previous day, which had been forwarded to the committee by Alderman Hodgson. The first is from Mr. Stephens to Alderman Hodgson, and bears no date Sir,-Rumours having come to my knowledge within the last few days that I retain a sum of money collected for the Crimean Fund, and as you are the gentleman to whom the enclosed cor respondence refers, I beg to forward you the amount, and much regret that I could not carry out your wishes.-I am, Sir, c., R. A. Stephens.-T. R. T. Hodgson, Esq. The enclosed correspondence is as follows -Police Office, Birmingham, February 16th, 1857.-Sir, Some time since the Chairman of the Watch Committee expressed a wish that the whole of the force should devote one day's pay to the Crimean Fund. Provisions then being high, I could only, I deeply regret to say, carry out his views to about one-half of the extent. I have spoken to two of the senior Inspectors since, but at present I cannot make any progress. It is my decided wish to carry out the wish suggested. Oblige me by giving me your opinion how you would act, in my situation, either by letting it stop over for two or three months, as provisions are fast falling, or at once close it. Apologising for thus troubling you, I am, Sir, your very obedient servant, R. A. Stephens.-Captain Fishbourne, 19, New Street, Spring Gardens, London. 12th April, 1857.-Sir, May I beg the favour of an answer to my letter of February 16, last. -I am, Sir, c., R. A. Stephens. -Captain Fishbourne. Royal Commission of the Patriotic Fund, 19, New Street, Spring Gardens, London, 14th April, 1857.-Sir, Will you have the f oodness to state what was the purport of your letter of the 16th of ebruary ?-I am, drc., E. Gardner Fishbourne, Hon. Secretary. -R. A. Stephens, Esq. Mr. Stephens, in reply to questions from the Chairman, after wards remarked I have no hesitation in saying that a reply was sent to the last letter read, from Captain Fishbourne. I have no question for one moment in my own mind that I wrote to him by the next post, enclosing a copy of my former letter. It is my invariable practice to answer all letters by the next post. I generally write the replies to all letters on the backs of the letters themselves, and they are afterwards copied by tho clerks in the office. I may not have thought it necessary to do so in this instance, as I had only to enclose a copy of my former letter. Mr. Osborne Do you remember replying to the letter ? Mr. Stephens I have no recollection of doing so, but I have no doubt of it from the practice of my office. The Chairman Is the letter produced the only communication you have received from Captain Fishbourne ? Mr. Stephens It is. The Chairman You say you received no communication from Mr. Morgan, the local secretary of the Patriotic Fund. Mr. Stephens I received no communication from him, neither directly nor indirectly, or from any other person, to hand over the money raised by the force. Alderman Lloyd Are you aware that the fund closed on the 1st of January ? Mr. Stephens I am not. Alderman Lloyd Did you not see any paragraph in any of the public journals, calling attention to the closing of the fund, nor know it as a notorious fact that it was necessary that all money unpaid should be sent in as soon as possible ? Mr. Stephens No. The accounts are not closed at this present moment I am informed that there are hundreds of pounds still in hand. Mr. Osborne remarked that Mr. Stephens, in his evidence at the former meeting of the committee, said the money was paid over to Mr. Hodgson five or six weeks ago, and wished to ask if Mr. Stephens could say whether this was before or after that enquiry was proposed, or some conversation had taken place upon the subject. Mr. Stephens I will not say, but I believe it was after Aider-man Lloyd had some conversation with me I cannot speak positively. Examination resumed I am not aware whether Alderman Hodgson remitted the money at once to Captain Fishbourne or not. I simply paid it over to Alderman Hodgson because he was Mayor at the time, .and expressed a wish that the force should contribute a day's pay. The Chairman said Mr. Stephens must be wrong because Aldenran Baldwin was Mavor at that time and Alderm ftU Calmer followed and Mr. Hodgson succeeded Alderman Palmer. The Chairman Did Mosl'dtoftodly not. I paid it to him simply Mr. guhiect at the Watch Committee, because lieorigta il e Mr .Stephens said that lie was In re ! L7 n ed aothority that the fond was not yet closed, and ii 1SS. 5-fe.si.riftLifH saw sJsrirsssrsssjai -ocal treasur-This conclaaea ree - ™ ~ of nine or ten Cchairman do you know whether Messrs. Dolan were prove thaT ever rL eSKe police clothing to be supplied to the force. .... rSe vn N Hiv7noTMe a Dolan been contractors a r.7TK™7They were. Allow me to saythat I never recom mended hats or boots supplied to the men, because I don. want that impression to get abroad as accounting for Messrs. Dolan not pressing me for this debt. ,, ... Mr. Dir You have had no other private transactions witn Messrs. Dolan. Mr. Stkphrns None. Alderman Lloyd read a letter he had received from Messrs. Dolan iu reply to a communication from him on the subject, which stated the amount of £78. 17 . 6rf. is stUl standing on our books for goods supplied to the Birmingham force. He had written another letter to Messrs. Dolan, he said, a copy of which he read, but had received no reply. Mr. Stephens handed in a private letter from Messrs. Dolan, dated the lUth October, which commenced, No one has made any application to us in reference to the white trousers we supplied to you. The remainder of the communication, Mr. Stephens remarked, was of a private nature. The Chairman asked if Mr. Stephens had any further statement to make? Mr. Stephens No, except my only motive in this transaction was saving the men 2s. ad. a pair in the trousers supplied to them. The case coming next in order, namely, the gratuities to the officers on duty at the Aston Hall sales, was then taken. Police-constable Mitchell was first called. He stated that he remembered the sales at Aston Hall in June, 1848. At that time he was a messenger in the office, and he was sent to attend at the Hall in charge of three men, named Newman, Long, and Ballance. He was there for three days but did not recollect whether any other officers were there on those days, nor whether any of the detective force were present. No extra money had been paid to them by the Chief Superintendent for their services on that occasion. One day, however, Inspector Glossop was in the office, and he Mitchell, and Ballance were also in the room when Mr. Glossop paid him Mitchell, 5s. for his three days duty at Aston Hall, and Ballance 10s., whereas their remuneration should have been 10s. and £1. respectively. He knew of no other constable receiving any money for their services at the Hall, except himself and Ballance. The Chairman How came Mr. Glossop to give you this money ? Mitchell explained that on the occasion referred to, which was several months after the sales, he and Ballance were in the Chief Inspector's Offices when Mr. Glossop came in. Ballance asked Mr. Glossop if there was anything coming to the men who attended at Aston Hall. Mr. Glossop asked Ballance how much he considered due to him, when Ballance replied £1., Rnd added, If you will give me half of it you shall have the remainder. Mr. Glossop laughed and then gave Ballance lfts. out of Ills own pocket. He Mitchell, afterwards made a similar offer to Mr. Glossop, who wave him 5s. on account of his share. He afterwards told Long and Detective sergeant Dutton that he had received some money from Mr. Glossop. and they both expressed a wish that he would do the same by them. He Mitchell, preferred accepting the instalment to being kept waiting longer for his money, and he fully intended Mr. Glossop to have the benefit of the remainder. At that time he understood some money had been paid to the Chief Superintendent for the remuneration of the men attending the sales. The pro prietors of the Hall found refreshments for the constables during the day, and also a dinner in the evening, at an inn in the Aston Road. By Mr. Cutler Mr. Glossop, when he paid him and Ballance, said he would chance the money being refunded to him. His Mitchell's intention was, that Mr. Glossop, in risking his money in this way, should benefit by the transaction at a future time, when the gratuities for the sales should be paid over. He could not say whether Mr. Glossop had received anything for the men at that time. In further examination by Mr. Stephens, Mitchell said he remem bered an application being made from the Detective Office for the payment of the gratuities allowed for Aston Hall. He also remem bered a parcel to which a piece of paper was attached being after wards brought out of the Chief Superintendent's office by Police-constable Eccleston, who was then a messenger also. He Mitchell, said to him, John, what have you got there? to which he replied, Something good. He did not know what the parcel contained, but formed the impression it was money for the men who had attended the Aston Hall sales. Eccleston took the packet down stairs, and he Mitchell, could not say what be came of it. Mr. Stephens said he had nothing further to ask Mitchell, all he was desirous of showing being that this money went out of his possession into the clerk's office. Inspector Glossop was next examined. He stated I recol'ect some officers being sent to attend the Aston Hall sales I think about seven men went there. Sub-inspector Tandy and Sergeant Dutton were two who were sent, and they have not been paid, I believe, anything extra for their services they have both told me so this week. Ballance and Mitchell were also at the sales. No money has ever been sent to my office, to pay the men gratui ties for their attendance, nor have I received any for that purpose. I paid two or three men a composition on the amount they believed they were entitled to for their attendance, and I did so out of my own pocket. The men were talking and complaining amongst themselves that the Chief-Superintendent had not distribluted any money for their services, and I was asked to see Mr. Griffiths, and ask him if he had handed any sum to the Chief-Superintendent as gratuities to the men who were present at the sales, and to request him, if he had, to press Mr. Stephens to distribute it. I accord ingly saw Mr. Griffiths, and he informed me that he had sent £6. to Mr. Stephens for that purpose. I saw Mr. Griffiths two or three times afterwards, and he spoke to me on the subject, and said he had written to the Chief Superintendent, requesting him to pay the money to the men. Until I saw Mr. Griffiths the first time, I had no knowledge that any money had been sent to the Chief Superin tendent. The men still continued their complaints at different times, and I paid some of them a composition, as I have stated. I never made any application to the Chief Superintendent, either verbally or in writing, with reference to this money, nor am I aware that any application was sent in to him from the Detective Office. It was from twelve to eighteen months after the sale that I paid the composition. The first time I saw Mr. Griffiths was about three months after the sale, and I saw him occasionally in the course of the following year. I did so with the object of his urging the Chief Superintendent to pay over the money, as I did not like to hear the men speaking disrespectfully of Mr. Stephens, or of there being a ground of complaint of such a kind. I did not like to make any application to Mr. Stephens myself on the subject. I have never received the money I paid, nor did the Chief Superintendent, Ibelieve, know that I had done such a thing until about a week ago. The only motive I had in advancing the composition was that I had great respect for Mr. Stephens, and did not like to hear the men speak of him as they did. The men I paid were, I think, Mitchell, Ballance, and Eccleston, and I thought the money would be dis tributed some day or other, and I could then deduct what I had advanced. By Mr. Cutler I never received any message or any parcel containing money from the Chief Superintendent on this account, from Eccleston, an Inspector, or any other person. Mr. Stephens might have sent a reply to an application from the men in the Detective Office without my knowledge. Mr. Stephens intimated that he had no questions to put to Mr. Glossop, but affirmed that he never received any application, either verbally or in writing, from Mr. Griffiths,Relative to this matter. Donnery, the Corporation Messenger, but who was formerly a clerk in the Chief Superintendent's Office, was next examined. He said he had no remembrance of any application being sent in from any of the men for the money for their attendance at Aston Hall but he was one day in the office when Eccleston brought out a small parcel from the Chief Superintendent's room. That parcel he supposed contained money, and Eccleston took it down stairs to the officer on duty, as he Donnery j supposed. On passing through the office Eccleston was asked what he had got, to which he replied, something good for the men who were at Aston Hall He should say it was about the year 1849, when this circumstance took place. He imagined the parcel contained money, from its appearance, and the manner that Eccleston carried it in his hand. He could conscientiously say that Eccleston remarked he had something good for the men who were at Aston Hall. • It here transpired that Eccleston had since died and that Ballance had been killed at the accident at the Midland Counties Concert Hall. Sub-inspector Tandy afterwards spoke to having received no money as gratuity for his attendance at Aston Hall. He was at the sales for six days, and expected to have received Zs. 6d. a day, according to what he understood had been given by the proprietors for that purpose. He was informed by Mr. Griffiths, whom he met in the street, that £6. had been sent to the Chief Superintendent to pay the men. To the best of his recollection a written application, signed by all the men who were present at the Hall, was sent in to the Chief Superintendent, asking for the money to be distributed, but no reply was received. Another application might have been made subsequently, but he did not recollect any reply coming to the office. None of the acting officers at New Street had informed him of any parcel containing money being sent to them from the Chief Superintendent's office. Sergeant Dutton was also called to prove having received no money for his attendance at Aston Hall. He had several times asked Mr. Glossop to make him a composition on his share as he had done to Mitchhell and Ballance, but he had declined, observing that he had done quite enough in that way already. The committee then adjourned. TOWN HALL PERFORMANCES. MONDAY EVENING. DECEMBER 28, Part 1.-Solo, organ, March, Costa.-Quartet, Hear those soothing sounds, Beethoven.-Trio, The willow bough, Cursch-mzmn.-Ballad, Under the greenwood tree, HatUm.-Duet, The wood nymphs, Afoc omn.-Glee, Over bill and valley, Mendelssohn.-Duet, Parigi o cara, Verdi -Solo. Organ, Over ture to Tancredi. Rossini. ' Part2.-Solo, Organ, Selection from Anna Bolena, Demi-Over the sea, Mrs. Groom.-Solo and Chorus, a Peaceful valley, Iteichardt.-Dnet, Let us call TW Tls the harp in the ail. H'allace.-lX r , r™L d naVT ' 8W no more, i, q £ H ,I RM i' 8 Landlords' ani Tenants' Rent Book.-We ~ £ the reat utility of the Land-bv Mr T p p and WeekI ' Tenants' Rent Book, arranged ofripf Chirm, jun.. Auctioneer and Surveyor, Newhall ! e V T he . latte , r ' PuMkbed at Id, is an invaluable help to poor tenants who have little knowledge of the mysteriea of book-keening • and the former, published at 2s. and S . each, is admirably adanted for landiorda it is simple, dear, and business-like In its arrange ment. Both books may be warmly commended and both will have, wedoubt not, a 1 Now ready, price u ., ..... . Illustrated Family Paper, com urge circulation 6 .,q 6d., Part I., New Series, of Cassell's . vsi kated p amilv Paper, consisting of ii Page besides the Panoramic Map and Chronological History of Didia' The whole Is enclosed in a handsome wrapMr. Th toe opening chapters of J. F. Smith's new Tale Tears, and of Felix Stowe's new domestic Tale t nd Living Celebrities, Indian Seenes, Poetry V.alio cation of the Panoramic Map and No 1 of fcAssS'. ,°t publi-FamilyPaper at the priceofThree half e cpf 7l LU8 ™ AIEU on the 5th of January, 1858. Beyond t a o?.i7 ., Ve i, wlU V Map will be Sixpence. London Kent a£d So hC P °w S To It readm nil Amidst tl nearly ninet muttering blaze of th amidst the f great grand I while the wJ swing drowsl more the of comes, glidii busy towns moors, and'J gling villagel darker alley Spirit of Ch houses, in c only walk, the storm at I into the strei ing holly in I branch, andtl the men of preachers of There are! world. Deal by the firesi j graves, and i cold churchy sea white I in Bengal, wails ofan of ri are all 1 disputes, I life, wlult though lid was conta the deatli work mu and conti moment J mankind. This C many fa. instead mourniij into th unutto Many a I those wL Many a but rati must bo
[OCR_aligned] The Birmingham Daily Post, 1 prioe one penny, is 'pub@ l@uhed every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, end Friday mornings, at the offices, No. 38, New Street, Birmingham, and is ready for delivery to news agents at six o'clock. Arrangements have been made for the delivery of the Post to subscribers in Birmingham by eight o'clock, and we believe that all news agents will ensure its prompt delivery by that hour. The Post will be on sale in all the principal towns of Warwickshire, Staffordshire, East Worcestershire, and Salop, by seven o'clock on the mornings of publication. The price of the Dailt Post will be 5s. 5d. per quarter, or 10s. lOtf. per half year. The Saturday Evening Post, price three-halfpence, a weekly journal for the working classes, will be published every Saturday afternoon at fire o'clock, and may be obtained from all news agents in Birmingham and the district. The Daily and Saturday Evening Post are registered for transmission abroad. Three copies of the Daily Post in one cover can be sent by post for a penny, and two copies of the Saturday evening edition. It is suggested to subscribers residing at a distance, that if three neigh@ bours would arrange to have their copies sent under one cover, the postage would add very little to the cost of the paper. To Advertisers in the Daily Post. -We beg to inform our advertising friends that no wood engravings will be admitted into the Daily Post. The advertise@ ments being limited in number, and appearing in the best position in our columns, will obtain a prominence which can soarcely be enhanced by pictorial illustrations. THE BIRMINGHAM DAILY POST, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1857. itself of the women and children an4 the wounded astrous consequences. The aggregate in 1853 was taSSS hear ' , • ... A Ul .. J .vtoa ! L d eereasad@to@£17.109.9n.,or tothe St. Thomas e Day Fund, WWMV , . FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1857. NEWS OF THE DAY. As we anticipated yesterday, the Bank of England has at length acknowledged the diminished value of money, and the accession of bullion, and has reduced the rate of discount by 2 per cent., the current rate being now 8 per cent., although the discount houses are taking good paper at 6. The whole tendency of monetary and commercial affairs, both in this couairy and on the Contiuent, is in the direction of impaove-@ment, and it is consequently by no means improbable that a still further reduction will be speedily ma lie. Commercial affairs in America are also improving. The markets are necessarily dull, from the circv jnstan@e that operations for the spring trade have bijen com@ pleted and it is yet too early for the sunu net- business. It is also too much to expect that the, fearful crisis through which the country has passed b as in its effects been entirely overcome. Confidence, ' However, is fast being recovered and the resumptio' A 0 f specie pay@ ments by the Banks is only another@@ although a very gratifying indication, of the advent 0 f a better state of matters. The Board of Trade Returns, w hi c h were issued yesterday, are upon the whole sa tisfactory. The con@ dition of trade is vividly appa- ceni @a the falling off during last month to the air , ount 0 f 110 i ess than £1,987,860. as compared wit , tIie same period last year. On the eleven months 0 p jjie present year there is a considerable increase. I@ amounts to no less than £9,161,565. Gratifying as y,i@ s 3 the increase is by no means in proportion to t@@ expansion of trade during last year. Later telegrams receivi J j from Alexandria relating to Indian affairs, while t' Je y oon f5rm the glad tidings of the relief of Lucknow a nd the safety of the garrison, modify iu some meas@@v @re previous intelligence, and supply a few' additio na j particulars. The 22,000 men which the Foreign Office despatch placed under the command of Sir O JUN Campbell, lias in that of the Times dwindled down to little more than half. We are inclined to V , e ii e y e that the smaller is the correct number, consid er jng that there were only 5,000 men under Grant a nd Grkathed at Alutnbagli, and that the Commanj ,er-in-Chief marched from Cawnpore with a force somewhat numerically inferior. If the fact be so, t j, ere j 3 80me doubt about the force being amply su fficient to reduce Oude to entire subjection, even with 1U some months to come. It must not be forgotten that Oude is almost as extensive in area as Scotland h an d has a population of 3,000,000, from which our arr des have been recruited that its forest fast@ nesses are many that every house in every village has been ma de a fortress and that every native and every rebe j who has fled from Bengal to swell the popula@ tin' ,i is a mortal enemy. There is some tough work cut O' - it for our forces, we fear, before Oude is once more ■ subdued. All the telegrams refer to a series of severe aud bloody struggles which characterised the march from Alumbagh to the Residency at Lucknow-a dis@ tance of some seven or nine miles, which was only accomplished after six days' incessant fighting. We are now informed that our loss iu officers is four killed and forty wounded-a proportion far below that expe@ rienced at the assault and capture of Delhi. Not a word has been received as to our loss in rank and file, although probably it was impossible to ascertain this in time for transmission by this mail. It appeal's that the telegraphic accounts from Naples of the frightfiil casualties resulting from a series of earthquake shocks, which informed us of the dead being counted by thousands, were much exaggerated. The details which have come to hand show that, although there has been a great destruction of property and considerable loss of life, no such awful catastrophe as that before indicated has taken place. Mr. West's legal adviser has applied to the solicitor employed to lay a case before the Attorney-General for a copy of that Case and the Opinion upon it. Mr. Suckling informs Mr. Slaney that it is not usual for one solicitor to ask another to show his cards in this way, and invites him first, to say what was the nature of the opinion he obtained on his client's case, and next to promise to cease legal proceedings and abide by the decision of the Atiorney-General-and then we suppose Mr. Slaney may he favoured with a sight of that document. This, we suppose, is considered to he an answer to the request. We need not say to any lawyer that the Opinions, treated as if they were anala-@gous, are totally different. A lawyer takes an Opinion in order to guide himself and his client as to their course of proceeding, and nobody besides has anything to do with it Mr. Suckling takes an Opinion which he intends shall bind both parties, and therefore it follows that both parties should know what was the nature of the Case upon which the Opinion was obtained. Surely, this distinction is broad enough surely, no man with a beard on his chin is goose enough to pledge himself to abide by a decision until he knows the evi@ dence on which that decision is based. And yet this information is precisely what Mr. Slaney asked for, and is so curtly refused. The farce is perfect iu all its parts law, logic, conduct, all alike. If Mr. Cox thinks the man whose consent to abide by the decision is not worthy to know what he is asked to defer to, is there no consideration for the public ? Not a tittle. They are not permitted even to know what the Attorney-General has said, but must be content to learn it in a lawyer's paraphrase of half-a-dozen words, viz., Mr. West s election is not valid. This is certainly taking a slight liberty with the subscribers,-not more, perhaps, than might have been expected from the nabobs of the Hospital, but rather out of keeping with Mued letter of Mr. Cox, wherein, SX 11 sc senbers will probably invite Mr. Cox to allow him an inspection of the legal document before which every@ body is expected to fall down and worship. We repeat the easy prophecy, that when it is seen, it will be found to contain all the misrepresentations of law and fact of which the dominant party have been guilty. The long-looked-for news of the relief of Lucknow has been received with a general gratification pro or-@tionate to the anxiety of which the place has for so great a time been the focus. The fact of the relief being conveyed beyond th o possibility of further molestation at the hands of the infuriated insurgents thirsting for their blood, outweighs all other con@ siderations, even the terrible one of the price that must have been paid in British soldiers' lives during the fearful eight days' fighting the telegraph makes men@ tion of, viz., from the 13th to the 20th, both inclu-@sive. The telegram abounds in so many and such pal@ pable blunders of dates and figures that it is possible there may be grave error in this report of so protracted a struggle. As to the alleged number of troops under Sir Colin Campbell's command, namely, 22,000, it is so palpable a mistake that the Times of yesterday surmises that the first figure should be 1, instead of 2 thus reducing the force to 12,000, which would still be greatly in excess of what there is any t'easonable pro@ bability for supposing. There are not 22,000 men in all Southern India, including Showers', Stuart's, and all the rest of the moveable columns, unless indeed Maun Sing may have returned to his allegiance, and that his 15,000 are included in the governmental enu@ meration, a rather unlikely contingency, in whatever aspect viewed. We venture to say it will be found that 4,000 were about the actual number of fighting Europeans at Lucknow but we must wait till Wednesday or Thursday for particular@ and, in the meanwhile rejoice that Christmas is gladdened by intelligence the Lack of which would have rendered gloomy many a fireside, and the thought@ of the cost of which will even now fill hundreds of mind@ with gloomy forebodings jf individual grief, however vivid the national exultation. While the news of tho relief of Lucknow was being conveyed over London, the quarterly meeting ef the Court of Proprietors at the India House was also being held and at it two' of the gentlemen present, Mr. Jonhs and Sir. Malcolm Lewtn, who have given great consideration to the-subject of our relation wiili tire native races, once mere urged their views as to the expediency, as well as justice, of endeavouring to hold oar own there by a policy which should identify British interest@ with these of the occupants of the soil. So ill received, however, were these propositions, that they were negatived without a division aud the chair@ man o£ the company pooh-poohed tho doctrine that we were in fault at all repeated that the disturbance was purely a Sepoy one that where there were no Sepoys there was no revolt and that now the Sepoys were disposed of, danger from any other source was not to be thought of. If this be the creed of the heads of the Company we shall certainly find no great difficulty in reconciling ourselves to@the abolition of the whole body, however much we may deplore the additional irrespon@ sible power that will thereby be thrown into the hands of a centralising Home Government and however much also we may dread that in consequence of that abolition on the one hand and centralisation on the other, the peril will be increased of evils from sources which are now looked upon as elements of enduring strength to us. It is a very remarkable thing that, though opposed to each other on most points of detail, both civilians and military men who have given closest attention to the subject, warn us of imminent mischief from one and the same quarter. A writer in the cur@ rent number of the United Service Magazine says ' ' The religion of the Sikhs is intensely national, and their fanaticism requires faith in their national grandeur as long as they remain even the ghost of a nation, this spirit will remain. Fanaticism, as has been clearly proved, too, is the greatest of all obstacles to the establishment of foreign dominion. The Jews are a good instance of this. They, iu their blind fanatacism, resisted for ten years the power of Imperial Rome, in the hopes of the Messiah's advent, and were only pre@ vented from again troubling their rulers by national annihilation, by being dispersed everywhere over the Roman world. The Sikhs are the Jews of mode@m times. Maharaj Sing proclaimed the advent-the second coming of Guru Govino, and was believed. Any other Sikh priest who advanced the same preten@ sions, as forerunner of the great Guru, would he be@ lieved to-morrow. Let anyone resident in the north@ western provinces of India ask a Sikh's opinion of the matter. These are wise remarks, written, he it ob@ served, not at all in reference to recent events, hut to illustrate a criticism on the Viceroyalties of Hardinge and Dalhousie. If it be remarked that the Hindoos are also fanatical, and that their fanaticism did not pre@ vent their comparatively easy subjugation in the first instance, and their not difficult retention in a state of quietude afterwards, the answer is, that their fanaticism is of quite a different kind to that now spoken of, and has scarcely any perceptible reference to political domination, therein varying altogether from the Sikhs, and scarcely less from the Mussulmans. Religion is so entirely mixed up and interwoven in the Hindoo nature that it is part and parcel of his social being and you could no more dissever him from his religion, and yet preserve his social status, than you could change his skin-a fact almost entirely lost sight of by those whose judgment is impaired by their commendable anxiety to see a pure faith supersede a foul one. As long a3 the Hindoo can pursue his religious usages according to the precedent of an anti@ quity compared with which ours is but the growth of yesterday, he is all but indifferent to the individuality or dynasty in whose hands the sovereign power may be. Hence the force of the saying that princes in India may be dethroned with impunity, but to disturb the village is not only to revolutionise but to anarchise the country -meaning that interference with the custom of the village, which is the religion of the village, in other words caste, would he fatal, and so we have found it. The contrary of all this is the case with the races spoken of by the writer already quoted, who adds - Assuming the late Governor-General's notion to he correct, that we have none but the Sikhs to fear in the Punjaub, his measures defeat the avowed object. The very men are excluded from employment who are most dangerous to us when idle, and who, besides, have a thousand reasons to hate our rule. Well, then, supposing our rule is hateful to all Punjaubees alike, inasmuch as they all shared in the glory and advantages offered under the sway of the Lion of the Punjaub, not Sikhs, we are trusting to the faith of men who do not understand honour at all in public transactions, and putting the future peace of that country at their mercy. It is wholly impossible to impress any truth of this on the public ear, even on the ear of those whom one would suppose most ready to accept it, and to propa@ gate it@ In fact, such suggestions and intimations are resented as obtrusiveness and offensiveness, as though the wisdom of all the late doings in India had been too conspicuous to admit of cavil or question. Hence, though we hear much of the forms of Anglo-Indian administration being likely to be changed, transferred from one set of hands to another, there is no talk of a change of principle in dealing with the causes in which the present calamities have arisen and until such change takes place it is in vain to suppose that we shall not have a continual recurrence of Indian troubles of one sort or another, each finding us more and more unprepared to deal with it, because entailing sacrifices wholly disproportioned to the advantages. £15,365,250., and in 1856 It had increased to £17,109,971., or considerably more than half the total revenue@of the@country. Next in importance to the land-tax is the opium monopoly, which is confined, however, to the presidencies of Bengal and Bombay, where the gross produce in 1856 was £5,195,976. The tendency to increase in this source of revenue is not very decided, and it is one, moreover, which may at any time be extinguished. Customs duties, levied chiefly on British manufactures, but also on some articles of Indian produce as a protection to native industry, show a gradual increase from £1,435,980. in 1853 to £2,106,657. in 1856. Three-fourths of this amount is raised in Bengal in the Punjaub none. There is next a tax called sayer, which is levied in all the provinces, and in 1856 produced £1,243,558. Excise duties are levied only in Bengal, where they produced £30,033. in 1853, and £45,147. in 1856. The moturpha, a tax peculiar to Madras, is rapidly diminishing in 1853 the receipts were £118,461., and in 1856 only £108,681. Salt being a necessary of life, the monopoly of it must needs increase, whatever the condition of those who pay for it and hence tho produce of this source of revenue has increased during the last four years from £2,421,098. to £2,651,456. It should be remembered, in considering this tax, that within the memory of thousands now living a much heavier duty was levied upon salt in this country than is paid by the natives of India. The postal revenue increased during the same period from £200,697. to £237,453. Stamp duties form another increas@ ing source of revenue, having yielded £491,476. in 1853, and £552,751. in 1856. Mint duties, levied only in the three great Presidencies, declined from £149,719. in the former year to £78,711. in 1855 but in 1856 they rose to £195,986. The tobacco monopoly, limited to Madras, pro@ duced only £63,162. in 1853, and declined to £8,958. in the following 'year, since which it has not been collected. There are some miscellaneous taxes collected in all the pro@ vince , the aggregate produce of which is annually dimin@ ishing in 1853 they yielded £2,060,384., and in 1856 only £1,369,892. The total gross revenue of each province last year was as follows Bengal, £13,019,430. North West Provinces, £6,260,006. Madras, £5,287,329. Bombay, £4,953,172. Punjaub, £1,297,591. If the taxation which a country will bear is a fair criterion of its prosperity, as it is generally admitted to be, the condition of the masses in India, judging from the returns, must be deplorable@indeed. India, with more than six times the population of the United Kingdom, with a soil the most fertile in the word, and taxed to the utmost, pays less than half the amount paid by the inhabitants of the British Islands whilst the customs and excise duties, which in the United Kingdom furnish considerably more than half, in India provide only one-fifth of the total revenue. The Board of Trade returns which were issued yesterday, are by no means so satisfactory as could be wished. The total decrease in the deolared value of our exports during the last month is no less than £1,987,860., as compared with the corresponding month last year. It appears, how@ ever, that upon the eleven months just passed there is an increase of £9,161,565. The deorease during the last month affects nearly every branch of trade, and has been seriously felt by the manufacturing interests of this district. A comparison of the month of November this year with that of 1856 will make tho fact apparent at a glance -1856. 1857. Glass . £46,103 Hardware and cutlery .... 371,564 . . 315,092 Machinery, c .... 274,065 . . 294,956 Iron . 911,746 Copper . 242,494 Brass 14,415 . . 15,135 Lead . 25,613 Tin unwrought .... 17,555 . . 17,381 Tin plates .... 136,260 . . 53,592 Plate, plated-wares, watches, and jewellery 51,115 . ,. 40,287 The full details of these returns, so important to this community, we must reserve until to-morrow, with such remarks as these facts may seem to deserve. In connection with the exports of our produce we find the following in an article i n the New York Times of the 12tli of December, just received by the Fulton, relative to the commercial relations between France and tho States apropos of the new tariff. It is said -@More important than the cotton growing question is the growing question of the trade in iron. The iron production of this country is now entering upon the most critical period of its history, and it should be an object of the first consequence to our statesmen to provide for the proper expansion of its commercial capabilities. The French duties upon iron are practically prohibitive along line of the French frontier, except on the b@@@@@@i@@ stretches from Blauc-Misseron to Mont Genevre, where the duty falls three francs per 100 kilogrammes. Every branch of French industry feels the paralysing effects of this weight upon its development, for iron is no less essential to the circulation of the whole industrial body than to the vital circulation of the human system. Wo have dwelt upon the trade in cotton and in iron with specific remark because of tho leading importance of these articles to the export commerce, present and future, of the United States, as well as the industry of France, but it is impossible to glance over the schedules of French commerce without per@ ceiving that the whole trade of France with this country is susceptible of a very great legitimate expansion under the operation of a more liberal commercial system. Id this money to Alderman Hodgson' t the whole elt which Inquest on the Late Mb. Hunt, District Poor Law Auditor.-An inquest was opened on the body of this gentleman at the Globe Hotel, Warwick, yesterday, before S. W. Haynes, Esq., Borough Coroner, and a res@ pectable Jury, of which Mr. H. Elvins was foreman. The first witness called was Mr. E. Johnson, landlord of the hotel, who stated that Mr. Hunt drove up to the Globe from the railway station about half-past one on Sunday. There was to be a consultation that afternoon with reference to the Birmingham parochial embezzlement cases, which Mr. Hunt was to attend, and he was to dine with the gentlemen concerned in the prosecution but he said that instead of doing so he should like to dine with Mr. and Mrs. Johnson. Accordingly lie sat down in the bar, appearing very excited, and partook of some boiled fowl. While eating it, he described the railway accident he had been in on Friday. Before he had finished dinner, he said he must go to his room, but before reaching it ho was com@ pelled to go into the commercial room, on the first flight of stairs, the bell of which ho rang. He requested that Mr. Richards, a friend, also staying at the Globe, should come to him, and Mr. Richards went. A surgeon was imme@ diately sent for.-Mr. Blenkinsop, surgeon, said that he was called in about half-past two. He found Mr. Hunt very ill, faint, and vomiting, gave him a@stimulant, and had him sent to bed. When he rallied a little he ordered a warm bath, but as Mr. Hunt fainted as soon as he was put into it, he had him put in bed a ain. Dr. Jeaffreson was then called in. The deceased died at twenty-five minutes to nine on Tues@ day morning. In company with Dr. Jeaffreson and Mr. Male he made a post mortem, examination on Wednesday. That examination led to the discovery that an aneurism, formed on the abdominal aorta, had burst, and a large quantity of coagulated and fluid blood which had escaped was also found. That was the cause of death. Was of opinion that the aneurismal sac was lacerated in the rail@ way collision, but that no great discharge of blood took place till the deceased was taken ill on Sunday. Mr. P. Richards gave evidence as to Mr. Hunt having, after he was taken ill, expressed fears that he was injured by the accident. From what he said about the accident witness that he was sittir was sent with his face to presumed that he was sitting with his back to the engine, was sent with his face to the back of the carriage with great force, and that his left side had hit upon the elbow of The Indian Revenue. At the present moment, when everything relating to India is regarded as a matter of national interest, in a greater degree than at any former period, reliable information concerning the revenue of that country is of the greatest value. From returns moved for by Mr. A. Mills, and just made public, it appears that, though the gross revenue of India has increased during the last four years from £28,609,109. to £30,817,528., the charges upon it have increased in a greater ratio, namely, from £25,279,848. to £28,372,901. The principal sourc@ of revenue is the land tax, the produce of which increases d ' 1 'T except in the Madras Presidency, where it is gra-whioL i, a ' n ! off owing to the poverty of the inhabitants, India to bp G US ° t lousan 6s of acres of the best land in largestin'T ° f 'Nation. The amount raised countries over which thetebcm WCSt Province3 ' the he rebellion has swept with such dis-1 the seat. Dr. Jeaffreson confirmed the evidence of Mr. Bleukinsop. There was good reason to believe that the injury was done to the aneurismal sac at the accident on Friday, but the final rupture did not take place till Sunday. Could hardly give an opinion whether death was accelerated by exertion afterwards but if he knew a man had an aneurism, should advise him to lie in bed after such an accident. The enquiry was adjourned to the 4th of January. The General Hospital.-At the Weekly Board held yesterday, Howard Luckcock, Esq., in the chair, the following donations were announced in aid of the new wing The Dowager Lady Chetwynd, £10. and, per col@ lecting cards, Miss Ashmore, Yardley, £9. Messrs. Peyton and Son, Great Lister Street, £5. W. G. Postans, Esq., Lionel Street, £2. 2s. Mrs. Crompton, Edgbaston, £1. 5s. The Secretary reported a new annual subscription of £1. 5s, from the Rev. A. Solani, Ocker Hill. The Queen's Hospital.-At the Weekly Board, held yesterday, Mr. John Boucher in the chair, an annual sub@ scription of £4. 4s. was presented from Henry Halford, Esq., West Bromwich, per Mr. William Edwards, Cal-tliorpe Street. At a meeting of the Guardians of the King's Norton Union on Wednesday last, a subscription of two guineas ? er annum was voted to the Birmingham and Midland @nstitution for Diseases of the Eye. Accidents,-Yesterday@afte@moon, as@a@boy named Thomas Colburn, residing in Lionel Street, was assisting in taking a boat through the Snowhill Lock of the old Birmingham Canal, he attempted to push open the lock gate with his foot, sitting at the same time on the boat. The gate, it is supposed from the pressure of the water, rebounded, and caught his foot between it and the bows of the boat, and fractured his ankle. He was conveyed to the General Hospital, where he still remains.-Samuel Jones, a well sinker, in the employ of Mr. W. Mills, Great Hampton Street, whilst engaged three or four days ago in sinking a sinking a shaft in King Street, Hockley, sustained a rather severe laceration of the scalp, in consequence of a brick falling upon his head from the top. His wound was dressed at the General Hospital, and he has since been admitted as an @m-patient, and is in a fair way of recovery. ing that it was distributed among 350 families, upwards of 1,700 person , in bread, money, and @@@@@@@• Blankets are also provided as a loan to the poor for tne winter season. _ King Edward's Free Grammar School.-Distribu tion op Prizes.-The usual half-yearly distribution or prizes took place yesterday morning, in the presence ot several of the Governors and a large number of the friends of the pupils, the presentations being made by the Rev. E. H. Gifford, Head Master. At twelve o'clock the scho@ lars, boys and girls, of the Elementary Schools, to the num@ ber of about 1,000, assembled in the Classical School Room, when the Head Master, after a few remarks, in the course of which he expressed his satisfaction with the progress and condition of the Schools, awarded a number of prize . Seventeen were apportioned to each of the girls' schools for general class work, writing, drawing, and needlework, and thirteen to each of the boys' departments. Four extra rewards were given for the result of the general examina@ tion of the first division of the first class in each school. The good order and excellent behaviour of the pupils was a subject of general remark. The scholars of the Gram@ mar School will reassemble on tho 3rd of February, and of the Elementary Schools on the 20th of January. Infant School Anniversary.-The anniversary meet@ ing of scholars and friends of tho Infant School, in Ann Street, which is in connection with the Birmingham infant School Society, took place yesterday, Thursday- lh ° room was prettily decorated for the occasion, and amongst those present were Messrs. R. T. Cadbury, in the chair, Joseph and Edmund Sturge, and Mr. W. Nutter, secretary to the society, together with a number of ladies. The report, as read by Mr. Nutter, detailed the good resu ts achieved by the educational efforts of the promoters of the society. The progress of the school in question had du@nng the past year continued satisfactory, the average attendance of 130 scholars having been about 90. Five young persons had been taught and qualified as infant school teachers during the same period, making a total of 162 since its establishment in 1825. The statement of accounts showed a slight deorease in the funds, asi compared with the pre@ ceding year, the receipts being £174. 17s. 6d. expenditure, PI 42 17,-? lid. balance @m hands of treasurer, £31.@19s. Id, The children were examined by Mrs. Smith, the school@ mistress@ and the manner in which they acquitted them@ selves was highly satisfactory, and entitled both teacher and scholars to much praise. . . _ Injury from the Fall of a SCzVFFOLD. Yesterday morning, soon after seven o'clock, an accident of this nature occurred at a building in course of erection @m Holloway Head, belonging to Mr. Martin, builder. One of the labourers employed, named James Connolly, was on the scaffold attached to@the erection, about fifteen feet from the ground, when the portlock broke, and the poor fellow, in addition to the fall, had a portion of the timber, c., precipitated upon him. He was quickly conveyed to the Queen's Hospital, and on enquiry, last night, we find that Connolly is so much injured that he cannot stir his legs, and his back is also the seat of great pain. Altogether his case seems a very serious one. Child Scalded to Death.-An inquest was held last night Thursday, at E. P. Mitton's, the Calthorpe Arms Inn, Bath Itow, before Dr. B. Davies, on the body of a fine little girl named Rose Weaver, two years and five months old, the daughter of James. Weaver, a mason, in Naviga@ tion Street. The afflicted mother of deceased stated that about the middle of the day on the preceding Saturday she was sitting by the fire, with her little child standing at her knee. Upon the drop-bar of the grate was a saucepan full of boiling hot broth. Engaged closely at her work of waist@ coat making, she did not actually see deceased lean forward to and take hold of the handle of the saucepan, but she had no doubt the little creature did so, fell forward, upset the vessel full of the broth, which scattered itself over her neck, face, arm, and left side, and scalded her dreadfully. She was at once taken to the Queen's Hospital, where Mr. Pemberton, one of the students in charge temporarily, as house surgeon, paid every attention to the sufferer, but without avail, and the child died on Wednesday last. After hearing the remarks of the Coroner, the Jury returned a verdict of Accidental Deatli. -THE ENQUIRY INTO THE CONDUCT OF THE CHIEF SUPERINTENDENT OF POLICE. SECOND DAY. On the reassembling of the committee on Friday, the 20th of November, Alderman Manton read the following letter that had been addressed to him by the Chairman Alderman Hodgson -@13, Waterloo Street, November 20th, 1867. Dear Sir,-You are aware that an improper use has been made of the fact of my having been some time ago engaged in attempting to arrange the pecuniary affairs of Mr. Stephens, our Superin@ tendent, and also that my professional connection with him ceased as soon as I heard it was intended to bring against him charges which it would bo iny duty, as Chairman of the Watch Committee, to assist in investigating. In order to protect myself from a repe@ tition of insinuations not only derogatory to my character as a public man, but repugnant to that spirit of impartiality which i have sought to carry into every relation of life, I think it advis@ able to abstain from taking any part in the investigation now pending, and believing that in delegating to yourself, or some other member of the Watch Committee, my position as Chairman during the progress of this enquiry, substantial justice will be dealt out to all parties concerned.-Yours faithfully, T. R. T. Hodgson. On the motion of Mr. E. C. Osborne, Alderman Manton was unanimously elected Chairman pro tern., and it was afterwards resolved that Alderman Hodgson's letter be received and entered on the minutes. A discussion, which occupied some time, afterwards ensued upon a motion by Mr. Goodrich, to tho.effect that in order that members of the force who wer@ called as witnesses might not l e deterred from giving free and candid evidence, the Chief Superin@ tendent be suspended during the enquiry. In submitting this resolution, Mr. Goodrick@said he was actuated by no hostile feeling towards Mr. Stephens, but simply by a desire that the mem@ bers of the force who might be called before them should not feel themselves under any influence or restraint. -Alderman Lloyd seconded the motion, and remarked that he thought they had gone far enough into the enquiry to justify them in adopting the course proposed by Mr. Goodrick.-Mr. Smith sin@ cerely hoped the resolution would not be adopted, inasmuch as the fact of the suspension of Mr. Stephens would give rise to an impression on the public mind that a proof of guilt had already been established.-Mr. E. C. Osborne also opposed the motion, expressing his belief that the suspension of Mr. Stephens would be most injudicious, inasmuch as the moral control he possessed over the force woul-l be seriously impaired. He moreover asserted that the committee were not justifiedjat so early a stage of the enquiry iu taking such an abrupt step.-Mr. Brown thought that if it was deemed proper that Mr. Stephens should be suspended, he ought to have been suspended at the outset, and he did not see how they could reasonably or rightly suspend him now.-Mr. Dee consi@ dered that now was the proper time for discussing the question.-Mr. Cutler concurred in the view taken by Mr. Brown. If they suspended Mr. Stephens now, the public would naturally impute guilt to him. As to the suggestion of the influence which the pre@ sence of tiieir chief officer might have upon the members of the force, he did not think that the officers who had already been examined had evinced any reserve or trepidation. Alter some further discussion, Mr. Goodrick, on the suggestion of the Chair@ man, agreed to defer his motion until the enquiry was further advanced. Mr. Stephens, who had not been present during these proceed@ ings, was then called in, and the enquiry was proceeded with. The Chairman read the following letters, which were referred to by Mr. Stephens in his evidence on the previous day, which had been forwarded to the committee by Alderman Hodgson. The first is from Mr. Stephens to Alderman Hodgson, and bears no date@@ Sir,-Rumours having come to my knowledge within the last few days that I retain a sum of money collected for the Crimean Fund, and as you are the gentleman to whom the enclosed cor@ respondence refers, I beg to forward you the amount, and much regret that I could not carry out your wishes.-I am, Sir, c., R. A. Stephens.-T. R. T. Hodgson, Esq. The enclosed correspondence is as follows -@Police Office, Birmingham, February 16th, 1857.-Sir, Some time since the Chairman of the Watch Committee expressed a wish that the whole of the force should devote one day's pay to the Crimean Fund. Provisions then being high, I could only, I deeply regret to say, carry out his views to about one-half of the extent. I have spoken to two of the senior Inspectors since, but at present I cannot make any progress. It is my decided wish to carry out the wish suggested. Oblige me by giving me your opinion how you would act, in my situation, either by letting it stop over for two or three months, as provisions are fast falling, or at once close it. Apologising for thus troubling you, I am, Sir, your very obedient servant, R. A. Stephens.-Captain Fishbourne, 19, New Street, Spring Gardens, London. 12th April, 1857.-Sir, May I beg the favour of an answer to my letter of February 16, last. -I am, Sir, c., R. A. Stephens. -Captain Fishbourne. Royal Commission of the Patriotic Fund, 19, New Street, Spring Gardens, London, 14th April, 1857.-Sir, Will you have the f oodness to state what was the purport of your letter of the 16th of @ebruary ?-I am, drc., E. Gardner Fishbourne, Hon. Secretary. -R. A. Stephens, Esq. Mr. Stephens, in reply to questions from the Chairman, after@ wards remarked I have no hesitation in saying that a reply was sent to the last letter read, from Captain Fishbourne. I have no question for one moment in my own mind that I wrote to him by the next post, enclosing a copy of my former letter. It is my invariable practice to answer all letters by the next post. I generally write the replies to all letters on the backs of the letters themselves, and they are afterwards copied by tho clerks in the office. I may not have thought it necessary to do so in this instance, as I had only to enclose a copy of my former letter. Mr. Osborne Do you remember replying to the letter ? Mr. Stephens I have no recollection of doing so, but I have no doubt of it from the practice of my office. The Chairman Is the letter produced the only communication you have received from Captain Fishbourne ? Mr. Stephens It is. The Chairman You say you received no communication from Mr. Morgan, the local secretary of the Patriotic Fund. Mr. Stephens I received no communication from him, neither directly nor indirectly, or from any other person, to hand over the money raised by the force. Alderman Lloyd Are you aware that the fund closed on the 1st of January ? Mr. Stephens I am not. Alderman Lloyd Did you not see any paragraph in any of the public journals, calling attention to the closing of the fund, nor know it as a notorious fact that it was necessary that all money unpaid should be sent in as soon as possible ? Mr. Stephens No. The accounts are not closed at this present moment I am informed that there are hundreds of pounds still in hand. Mr. Osborne remarked that Mr. Stephens, in his evidence at the former meeting of the committee, said the money was paid over to Mr. Hodgson five or six weeks ago, and wished to ask if Mr. Stephens could say whether this was before or after that enquiry was proposed, or some conversation had taken place upon the subject. Mr. Stephens I will not say, but I believe it was after Aider-@man Lloyd had some conversation with me I cannot speak positively. Examination resumed I am not aware whether Alderman Hodgson remitted the money at once to Captain Fishbourne or not. I simply paid it over to Alderman Hodgson because he was Mayor at the time, .and expressed a wish that the force should contribute a day's pay. The Chairman said Mr. Stephens must be wrong@ because Aldenran Baldwin was Mavor at that time and Alderm ftU Calmer followed and Mr. Hodgson succeeded Alderman Palmer. The Chairman Did Mosl'dtoftodly not. I paid it to him simply Mr. guhiect at the Watch Committee, because lieorigta il e Mr .Stephens said that lie was In re ! L7 n ed aothority that the fond was not yet closed, and ii 1SS. 5-fe.si.riftLifH saw sJsrirsssrsssjai -ocal treasur-This conclaaea ree - ™ ~ of nine or ten Cchairman do you know whether Messrs. Dolan were prove thaT ever rL eSKe police clothing to be supplied to the force. .... rSe vn N Hiv7noTMe a Dolan been contractors a r.7TK™7They were. Allow me to say@that I never recom@ mended hats or boots supplied to the men, because I don@. want that impression to get abroad as accounting for Messrs. Dolan not pressing me for this debt. ,, ... Mr. Dir You have had no other private transactions witn Messrs. Dolan. Mr. Stkphrns None. Alderman Lloyd read a letter he had received from Messrs. Dolan iu reply to a communication from him on the subject, which stated the amount of £78. 17 . 6rf. is st@Ul standing on our books for goods supplied to the Birmingham force. He had written another letter to Messrs. Dolan, he said, a copy of which he read, but had received no reply. Mr. Stephens handed in a private letter from Messrs. Dolan, dated the lUth October, which commenced, No one has made any application to us in reference to the white trousers we supplied to you. The remainder of the communication, Mr. Stephens remarked, was of a private nature. The Chairman asked if Mr. Stephens had any further statement to make? Mr. Stephens No, except my only motive in this transaction was saving the men 2s. ad. a pair in the trousers supplied to them. The case coming next in order, namely, the gratuities to the officers on duty at the Aston Hall sales, was then taken. Police-constable Mitchell was first called. He stated that he remembered the sales at Aston Hall in June, 1848. At that time he was a messenger in the office, and he was sent to attend at the Hall in charge of three men, named Newman, Long, and Ballance. He was there for three days but did not recollect whether any other officers were there on those days, nor whether any of the detective force were present. No extra money had been paid to them by the Chief Superintendent for their services on that occasion. One day, however, Inspector Glossop was in the office, and he Mitchell, and Ballance were also in the room when Mr. Glossop paid him Mitchell, 5s. for his three days duty at Aston Hall, and Ballance 10s., whereas their remuneration should have been 10s. and £1. respectively. He knew of no other constable receiving any money for their services at the Hall, except himself and Ballance. The Chairman How came Mr. Glossop to give you this money ? Mitchell explained that on the occasion referred to, which was several months after the sales, he and Ballance were in the Chief Inspector's Offices when Mr. Glossop came in. Ballance asked Mr. Glossop if there was anything coming to the men who attended at Aston Hall. Mr. Glossop asked Ballance how much he considered due to him, when Ballance replied £1., Rnd added, If you will give me half of it you shall have the remainder. Mr. Glossop laughed and then gave Ballance lfts. out of Ills own pocket. He Mitchell, afterwards made a similar offer to Mr. Glossop, who wave him 5s. on account of his share. He afterwards told Long and Detective sergeant Dutton that he had received some money from Mr. Glossop. and they both expressed a wish that he would do the same by them. He Mitchell, preferred accepting the instalment to being kept waiting longer for his money, and he fully intended Mr. Glossop to have the benefit of the remainder. At that time he understood some money had been paid to the Chief Superintendent for the remuneration of the men attending the sales. The pro@ prietors of the Hall found refreshments for the constables during the day, and also a dinner in the evening, at an inn in the Aston Road. By Mr. Cutler Mr. Glossop, when he paid him and Ballance, said he would chance the money being refunded to him. His Mitchell's intention was, that Mr. Glossop, in risking his money in this way, should benefit by the transaction at a future time, when the gratuities for the sales should be paid over. He could not say whether Mr. Glossop had received anything for the men at that time. In further examination by Mr. Stephens, Mitchell said he remem@ bered an application being made from the Detective Office for the payment of the gratuities allowed for Aston Hall. He also remem@ bered a parcel to which a piece of paper was attached being after@ wards brought out of the Chief Superintendent's office by Police-@constable Eccleston, who was then a messenger also. He Mitchell, said to him, John, what have you got there? to which he replied, Something good. He did not know what the parcel contained, but formed the impression it was money for the men who had attended the Aston Hall sales. Eccleston took the packet down stairs, and he Mitchell, could not say what be@ came of it. Mr. Stephens said he had nothing further to ask Mitchell, all he was desirous of showing being that this money went out of his possession into the clerk's office. Inspector Glossop was next examined. He stated I recol'ect some officers being sent to attend the Aston Hall sales I think about seven men went there. Sub-inspector Tandy and Sergeant Dutton were two who were sent, and they have not been paid, I believe, anything extra for their services they have both told me so this week. Ballance and Mitchell were also at the sales. No money has ever been sent to my office, to pay the men gratui@ ties for their attendance, nor have I received any for that purpose. I paid two or three men a composition on the amount they believed they were entitled to for their attendance, and I did so out of my own pocket. The men were talking and complaining amongst themselves that the Chief-Superintendent had not distribluted any money for their services, and I was asked to see Mr. Griffiths, and ask him if he had handed any sum to the Chief-Superintendent as gratuities to the men who were present at the sales, and to request him, if he had, to press Mr. Stephens to distribute it. I accord@ ingly saw Mr. Griffiths, and he informed me that he had sent £6. to Mr. Stephens for that purpose. I saw Mr. Griffiths two or three times afterwards, and he spoke to me on the subject, and said he had written to the Chief Superintendent, requesting him to pay the money to the men. Until I saw Mr. Griffiths the first time, I had no knowledge that any money had been sent to the Chief Superin@ tendent. The men still continued their complaints at different times, and I paid some of them a composition, as I have stated. I never made any application to the Chief Superintendent, either verbally or in writing, with reference to this money, nor am I aware that any application was sent in to him from the Detective Office. It was from twelve to eighteen months after the sale that I paid the composition. The first time I saw Mr. Griffiths was about three months after the sale, and I saw him occasionally in the course of the following year. I did so with the object of his urging the Chief Superintendent to pay over the money, as I did not like to hear the men speaking disrespectfully of Mr. Stephens, or of there being a ground of complaint of such a kind. I did not like to make any application to Mr. Stephens myself on the subject. I have never received the money I paid, nor did the Chief Superintendent, I@believe, know that I had done such a thing until about a week ago. The only motive I had in advancing the composition was that I had great respect for Mr. Stephens, and did not like to hear the men speak of him as they did. The men I paid were, I think, Mitchell, Ballance, and Eccleston, and I thought the money would be dis@ tributed some day or other, and I could then deduct what I had advanced. By Mr. Cutler I never received any message or any parcel containing money from the Chief Superintendent on this account, from Eccleston, an Inspector, or any other person. Mr. Stephens might have sent a reply to an application from the men in the Detective Office without my knowledge. Mr. Stephens intimated that he had no questions to put to Mr. Glossop, but affirmed that he never received any application, either verbally or in writing, from Mr. Griffiths,@Relative to this matter. Donnery, the Corporation Messenger, but who was formerly a clerk in the Chief Superintendent's Office, was next examined. He said he had no remembrance of any application being sent in from any of the men for the money for their attendance at Aston Hall but he was one day in the office when Eccleston brought out a small parcel from the Chief Superintendent's room. That parcel he supposed contained money, and Eccleston took it down stairs to the officer on duty, as he Donnery j supposed. On passing through the office Eccleston was asked what he had got, to which he replied, something good for the men who were at Aston Hall@ He should say it was about the year 1849, when this circumstance took place. He imagined the parcel contained money, from its appearance, and the manner that Eccleston carried it in his hand. He could conscientiously say that Eccleston remarked he had something good for the men who were at Aston Hall. • It here transpired that Eccleston had since died and that Ballance had been killed at the accident at the Midland Counties Concert Hall. Sub-inspector Tandy afterwards spoke to having received no money as gratuity for his attendance at Aston Hall. He was at the sales for six days, and expected to have received Zs. 6d. a day, according to what he understood had been given by the proprietors for that purpose. He was informed by Mr. Griffiths, whom he met in the street, that £6. had been sent to the Chief Superintendent to pay the men. To the best of his recollection a written application, signed by all the men who were present at the Hall, was sent in to the Chief Superintendent, asking for the money to be distributed, but no reply was received. Another application might have been made subsequently, but he did not recollect any reply coming to the office. None of the acting officers at New Street had informed him of any parcel containing money being sent to them from the Chief Superintendent's office. Sergeant Dutton was also called to prove having received no money for his attendance at Aston Hall. He had several times asked Mr. Glossop to make him a composition on his share@ as he had done to Mitchhell and Ballance, but he had declined, observing that he had done quite enough in that way already. The committee then adjourned. TOWN HALL PERFORMANCES. MONDAY EVENING. DECEMBER 28, Part 1.-Solo, organ, March, Costa.-Quartet, Hear those soothing sounds, Beethoven.-Trio, The willow bough, Cursch-@mzmn.-Ballad, Under the greenwood tree, Hat@Um.-Duet, The wood nymphs, @Afoc omn.-Glee, Over bill and valley, Mendelssohn.-Duet, Parigi o cara, Verdi -Solo. Organ, Over@ ture to Tancredi. Rossini. ' Part@2.-Solo, Organ, Selection from Anna Bolena, Demi-Over the sea, Mrs. Groom.-Solo and Chorus, a Peaceful valley, Iteichardt.-Dnet, Let us call TW Tls the harp in the ail. H'allace.-lX r , r™L d naVT ' 8W no more, i, q £ H ,I RM i' 8 Landlords' ani Tenants' Rent Book.-We ~ £ the @reat utility of the Land-bv Mr T p p and WeekI ' Tenants' Rent Book, arranged ofripf Chirm, jun.. Auctioneer and Surveyor, Newhall ! e V T he . latte , r ' PuMkbed at Id@, is an invaluable help to poor tenants who have little knowledge of the mysteriea of book-keening • and the former, published at 2s. and S . each, is admirably adanted for landiorda it is simple, @dear, and business-like In its arrange@ ment. Both books may be warmly commended and both will have, wedoubt not, a @@1 Now ready, price u ., ..... . Illustrated Family Paper, com urge circulation 6 .,q 6d., Part I., New Series, of Cassell's . vsi kated p amilv Paper, consisting of ii Page besides the Panoramic Map and Chronological History of Didia' The whole Is enclosed in a handsome wra@pMr. Th toe opening chapters of J. F. Smith's new Tale Tears, and of Felix Stowe's new domestic Tale@ t nd Living Celebrities, Indian Seenes, Poetry V.alio cation of the Panoramic Map and No@ 1 of fcAssS'. ,°t publi-FamilyPaper at the price@of@Three half e cpf 7l LU8 ™ AIEU on the 5th of January, 1858. Beyond t a o?.i7 ., Ve i, wlU V Map will be Sixpence. London Kent a£d So hC P °w S To It readm nil Amidst tl nearly ninet muttering blaze of th amidst the f great grand I while the wJ swing drowsl more the of comes, glidii busy towns moors, and'J gling villagel darker alley Spirit of Ch houses, in c only walk, the storm at I into the strei ing holly in I branch, andtl the men of preachers of There are! world. Deal by the firesi j graves, and i cold churchy sea white I in Bengal, wails ofan of ri are all 1 disputes, I life, wlult though lid was conta the deatli work mu and conti moment J mankind. This C many fa. instead mourniij into th unutto Many a I those wL Many a but rati must bo
[ GS_aligned] The ######################## price one penny, is @pub- lished every Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday mornings, at the o@@ﬃces, No. 38, New Street, Birmingham, and is ready for delivery to news agents at six o'clock. Arrangements have been made for the delivery of the POST to subscribers in Birmingham by eight o'clock, and we believe that all news agents will ensure its prompt delivery by that hour. The POST will be on sale in all the principal towns of Warwickshire, Sta@ﬀordshire, East Worcestershire, and Salop, by seven o'clock on the mornings of publication. The price of the DAILY POST will be 5s. 5d. per quarter, or 10s. @10d. per half year. The ###################### price three-halfpence, a weekly journal for the working classes, will be published every Saturday afternoon at @ﬁve o'clock, and may be obtained from all news agents in Birmingham and the district. The DAILY ######################### are registered for transmission abroad. Three copies of the DAILY POST in one cover can be sent by post for a penny, and two copies of the Saturday evening edition. It is suggested to subscribers residing at a distance, that if three neigh- bours would arrange to have their copies sent under one cover, the postage would add very little to the cost of the paper. ################################# -We beg to inform our advertising friends that no wood engravings will be admitted into the DAILY POST. The advertise- ments being limited in number, and appearing in the best position in our columns, will obtain a prominence which can scarcely be enhanced by pictorial illustrations. ########################## FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1857. #################################################################################################################################################### to #################################################### FRIDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1857. NEWS OF THE DAY. As we anticipated yesterday, the Bank of England has at length acknowledged the diminished value of money, and the accession of bullion, and has reduced the rate of discount by 2 per cent., the current rate being now 8 per cent., although the discount houses are taking good paper at 6. The whole tendency of monetary and commercial a@ﬀairs, both in this country and on the Continent, is in the direction of improve- ment, and it is consequently by no means improbable that a still further reduction will be speedily ma@@de. Commercial a@ﬀairs in America are also improving. The markets are necessarily dull, from the circ@@umstance that operations for the spring trade have b@een com- pleted and it is yet too early for the su@@mme@r business. It is also too much to expect that the@ fearful crisis through which the country has passed @has in its e@ﬀects been entirely overcome. Con@ﬁdence,@@ however, is fast being recovered and the resumptio@@n @of specie pay- ments by the Banks is only another , although a very gratifying indication, of the advent @of a better state of matters. The Board of Trade Returns, w@hi@c@h were issued yesterday, are upon the whole sa@tisfactory. The con- dition of trade is vividly appa@@rent in the falling o@ﬀ during last month to the the ############## @less than £1,987,860. as compared wit@h t@he same period last year. On the eleven months @of @the present year there is a considerable increase. It amounts to no less than £9,161,565. Gratifying as this is, the increase is by no means in proportion to the expansion of trade during last year. Later telegrams receiv@@@ed from Alexandria relating to Indian a@ﬀairs, while t@@he@y con@@ﬁrm the glad tidings of the relief of Lucknow a@nd the safety of the garrison, modify in some measure the previous intelligence, and supply a few@ additio@na@l particulars. The 22,000 men which the Foreign O@@ﬃce despatch placed under the command of Sir #################### in that of the Times dwindled down to little more than half. We are inclined to ############## that the smaller is the correct number, consid@er@ing that there were only 5,000 men under GRANT ############################ and that the #################### marched from Cawnpore with a force somewhat numerically inferior. If the fact be so, ############ some doubt about the force being amply su@@@ﬃcient to reduce Oude to entire subjection, even with@in some months to come. It must not be forgotten that Oude is almost as extensive in area as Scotland@, an@d has a population of 3,000,000, from which our ar@mies have been recruited that its forest fast- nesses are many that every house in every village has been ma@de a fortress and that every native and every rebe@l who has @ﬂed from Bengal to swell the popula- ti@@@on is a mortal enemy. There is some tough work cut o@@@@ut for our forces, we fear, before Oude is once more @@subdued. All the telegrams refer to a series of severe and bloody struggles which characterised the march from Alumbagh to the Residency at Lucknow-a dis- tance of some seven or nine miles, which was only accomplished after six days' incessant @ﬁghting. We are now informed that our loss in o@@ﬃcers is four killed and forty wounded-a proportion far below that expe- rienced at the assault and capture of Delhi. Not a word has been received as to our loss in rank and @ﬁle, although probably it was impossible to ascertain this in time for transmission by this mail. It appea@rs that the telegraphic accounts from Naples of the frightf@ul casualties resulting from a series of earthquake shocks, which informed us of the dead being counted by thousands, were much exaggerated. The details which have come to hand show that, although there has been a great destruction of property and considerable loss of life, no such awful catastrophe as that before indicated has taken place. Mr. WEST'S legal adviser has applied to the solicitor employed to lay a case before the ################ for a copy of that Case and the Opinion upon it. Mr. SUCKLING informs Mr. SLANEY that it is not usual for one solicitor to ask another to show his cards in this way, and invites him @ﬁrst, to say what was the nature of the opinion he obtained on his client's case, and next to promise to cease legal proceedings and abide by the decision of the #################### then we suppose Mr. SLANEY may be favoured with a sight of that document. This, we suppose, is considered to be an answer to the request. We need not say to any lawyer that the Opinions, treated as if they were anala- gous, are totally di@ﬀerent. A lawyer takes an Opinion in order to guide himself and his client as to their course of proceeding, and nobody besides has anything to do with it Mr. SUCKLING takes an Opinion which he intends shall bind both parties, and therefore it follows that both parties should know what was the nature of the Case upon which the Opinion was obtained. Surely, this distinction is broad enough surely, no man with a beard on his chin is goose enough to pledge himself to abide by a decision until he knows the evi- dence on which that decision is based. And yet this information is precisely what Mr. SLANEY asked for, and is so curtly refused. The farce is perfect in all its parts law, logic, conduct, all alike. If Mr. COX thinks the man whose consent to abide by the decision is not worthy to know what he is asked to defer to, is there no consideration for the public ? Not a tittle. They are not permitted even to know what the ################ has said, but must be content to learn it in a lawyer's paraphrase of half-a-dozen words, viz., Mr. WEST'S election is not valid. This is certainly taking a slight liberty with the subscribers,-not more, perhaps, than might have been expected from the nabobs of the Hospital, but rather out of keeping ######### letter of Mr. COX, wherein, ##################################### Mr. COX to allow him an inspection of the legal document before which every- body is expected to fall down and worship. We repeat the easy prophecy, that when it is seen, it will be found to contain all the misrepresentations of law and fact of which the dominant party have been guilty. THE long-looked-for news of the relief of Lucknow has been received with a general grati@ﬁcation propor- tionate to the anxiety of which the place has for so great a time been the focus. The fact of the relief ######################################### further molestation at the hands of the infuriated insurgents thirsting for their blood, outweighs all other con- siderations, even the terrible one of the price that must have been paid in British soldiers' lives during the fearful eight days' @ﬁghting the telegraph makes men- tion of, viz., from the 13th to the 20th, both inclu- sive. The telegram abounds in so many and such pal- pable blunders of dates and @ﬁgures that it is possible there may be grave error in this report of so protracted a struggle. As to the alleged number of troops under Sir ################ command, namely, 22,000, it is so palpable a mistake that the Times of yesterday surmises that the @ﬁrst @ﬁgure should be 1, instead of 2 thus reducing the force to 12,000, which would still be greatly in excess of what there is any @reasonable pro- bability for supposing. There are not 22,000 men in all Southern India, including ################### and all the rest of the moveable columns, unless indeed MAUN SING may have returned to his allegiance, and that his 15,000 are included in the governmental enu- meration, a rather unlikely contingency, in whatever aspect viewed. We venture to say it will be found that 4,000 were about the actual number of @ﬁghting Europeans at Lucknow but we must wait till Wednesday or Thursday for particulars and, in the meanwhile rejoice that Christmas is gladdened by intelligence the lack of which would have rendered gloomy many a @ﬁreside, and the thoughts of the cost of which will even now @ﬁll hundreds of minds with gloomy forebodings of individual grief, however vivid the national exultation. While the news of the relief of Lucknow was being conveyed over London, the quarterly meeting of the Court of Proprietors at the India House was also being held and at it two@ of the gentlemen present, Mr. JONES ####################### who have given great consideration to the subject of our relation wi@th t@he native races, once more urged their views as to the expediency, as well as justice, of endeavouring to hold our own there by a policy which should identify British interests with those of the occupants of the soil. So ill received, however, were these propositions, that they were negatived without a division and the chair- man of the company pooh-poohed the doctrine that we were in fault at all repeated that the disturbance was purely a Sepoy one that where there were no Sepoys there was no revolt and that now the Sepoys were disposed of, danger from any other source was not to be thought of. If this be the creed of the heads of the Company we shall certainly @ﬁnd no great di@@ﬃculty in reconciling ourselves to the abolition of the whole body, however much we may deplore the additional irrespon- sible power that will thereby be thrown into the hands of a centralising Home Government and however much also we may dread that in consequence of that abolition on the one hand and centralisation on the other, the peril will be increased of evils from sources which are now looked upon as elements of enduring strength to us. It is a very remarkable thing that, though opposed to each other on most points of detail, both civilians and military men who have given closest attention to the subject, warn us of imminent mischief from one and the same quarter. A writer in the cur- rent number of the United Service Magazine says @@@@The religion of the Sikhs is intensely national, and their fanaticism requires faith in their national grandeur as long as they remain even the ghost of a nation, this spirit will remain. Fanaticism, as has been clearly proved, too, is the greatest of all obstacles to the establishment of foreign dominion. The Jews are a good instance of this. They, in their blind fanatacism, resisted for ten years the power of Imperial Rome, in the hopes of the MESSIAH'S advent, and were only pre- vented from again troubling their rulers by national annihilation, by being dispersed everywhere over the Roman world. The Sikhs are the Jews of modern times. ############ proclaimed the advent-the second coming of GURU GOVINO, and was believed. Any other Sikh priest who advanced the same preten- sions, as forerunner of the great GURU, would be be- lieved to-morrow. Let anyone resident in the north- western provinces of India ask a Sikh's opinion of the matter. These are wise remarks, written, be it ob- served, not at all in reference to recent events, but to illustrate a criticism on the Viceroyalties of ####################### If it be remarked that the Hindoos are also fanatical, and that their fanaticism did not pre- vent their comparatively easy subjugation in the @ﬁrst instance, and their not di@@ﬃcult retention in a state of quietude afterwards, the answer is, that their fanaticism is of quite a di@ﬀerent kind to that now spoken of, and has scarcely any perceptible reference to political domination, therein varying altogether from the Sikhs, and scarcely less from the Mussulmans. Religion is so entirely mixed up and interwoven in the Hindoo nature that it is part and parcel of his social being and you could no more dissever him from his religion, and yet preserve his social status, than you could change his skin-a fact almost entirely lost sight of by those whose judgment is impaired by their commendable anxiety to see a pure faith supersede a foul one. As long as the Hindoo can pursue his religious usages according to the precedent of an anti- quity compared with which ours is but the growth of yesterday, he is all but indi@ﬀerent to the individuality or dynasty in whose hands the sovereign power may be. Hence the force of the saying that princes in India may be dethroned with impunity, but to disturb the village is not only to revolutionise but to anarchise the country -meaning that interference with the custom of the village, which is the religion of the village, in other words caste, would be fatal, and so we have found it. The contrary of all this is the case with the races spoken of by the writer already quoted, who adds - Assuming the late ################## notion to be correct, that we have none but the Sikhs to fear in the Punjaub, his measures defeat the avowed object. The very men are excluded from employment who are most dangerous to us when idle, and who, besides, have a thousand reasons to hate our rule. Well, then, supposing our rule is hateful to all Punjaubees alike, inasmuch as they all shared in the glory and advantages o@ﬀered under the sway of the Lion of the Punjaub, not Sikhs, we are trusting to the faith of men who do not understand honour at all in public transactions, and putting the future peace of that country at their mercy. It is wholly impossible to impress any truth of this on the publie ear, even on the ear of those whom one would suppose most ready to accept it, and to propa- gate it. In fact, such suggestions and intimations are resented as obtrusiveness and o@ﬀensiveness, as though the wisdom of all the late doings in India had been too conspicuous to admit of cavil or question. Hence, though we hear much of the forms of Anglo-Indian administration being likely to be changed, transferred from one set of hands to another, there is no talk of a change of principle in dealing with the causes in which the present calamities have arisen and until such change takes place it is in vain to suppose that we shall not have a continual recurrence of Indian troubles of one sort or another, each @ﬁnding us more and more unprepared to deal with it, because entailing sacri@ﬁces wholly disproportioned to the ###################################################### to £17,109,971., or considerably more than half the total revenue of the country. Next in importance to the land-tax is the opium monopoly, which is con@ﬁned, however, to the presidencies of Bengal and Bombay, where the gross produce in 1856 was £5,195,976. The tendency to increase in this source of revenue is not very decided, and it is one, moreover, which may at any time be extinguished. Customs duties, levied chie@ﬂy on British manufactures, but also on some articles of Indian produce as a protection to native industry, show a gradual increase from £1,435,980. in 1853 to £2,106,657. in 1856. Three-fourths of this amount is raised in Bengal in the Punjaub none. There is next a tax called sayer, which is levied in all the provinces, and in 1856 produced £1,243,558. Excise duties are levied only in Bengal, where they produced £30,033. in 1853, and £45,147. in 1856. The moturpha, a tax peculiar to Madras, is rapidly diminishing in 1853 the receipts were £118,461., and in 1856 only £108,681. Salt being a necessary of life, the monopoly of it must needs increase, whatever the condition of those who pay for it and hence the produce of this source of revenue has increased during the last four years from £2,421,098. to £2,651,456. It should be remembered, in considering this tax, that within the memory of thousands now living a much heavier duty was levied upon salt in this country than is paid by the natives of India. The postal revenue increased during the same period from £200,697. to £237,453. Stamp duties form another increas- ing source of revenue, having yielded £491,476. in 1853, and £552,751. in 1856. Mint duties, levied only in the three great Presidencies, declined from £149,719. in the former year to £78,711. in 1855 but in 1856 they rose to £195,986. The tobacco monopoly, limited to Madras, pro- duced only £63,162. in 1853, and declined to £8,958. in the following @year, since which it has not been collected. There are some miscellaneous taxes collected in all the pro- vinces, the aggregate produce of which is annually dimin- ishing in 1853 they yielded £2,060,384., and in 1856 only £1,369,892. The total gross revenue of each province last year was as follows Bengal, £13,019,430. North West Provinces, £6,260,006. Madras, £5,287,329. Bombay, £4,953,172. Punjaub, £1,297,591. If the taxation which a country will bear is a fair criterion of its prosperity, as it is generally admitted to be, the condition of the masses in India, judging from the returns, must be deplorable indeed. India, with more than six times the population of the United Kingdom, with a soil the most fertile in the word, and taxed to the utmost, pays less than half the amount paid by the inhabitants of the British Islands whilst the customs and excise duties, which in the United Kingdom furnish considerably more than half, in India provide only one-@ﬁfth of the total revenue. THE Board of Trade returns which were issued yesterday, are by no means so satisfactory as could be wished. The total decrease in the declared value of our exports during the last month is no less than £1,987,860., as compared with the corresponding month last year. It appears, how- ever, that upon the eleven months just passed there is an increase of £9,161,565. The decrease during the last month a@ﬀects nearly every branch of trade, and has been seriously felt by the manufacturing interests of this district. A comparison of the month of November this year with that of 1856 will make the fact apparent at a glance ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# full details of these returns, so important to this community, we must reserve until to-morrow, with such remarks as these facts may seem to deserve. In connection with the exports of our produce we @ﬁnd the following in an article i@n the New York Times of the 12t@h of December, just received by the Fulton, relative to the commercial relations between France and the States apropos of the new tari@ﬀ. It is said - More important than the cotton growing question is the growing question of the trade in iron. The iron production of this country is now entering upon the most critical period of its history, and it should be an object of the @ﬁrst consequence to our statesmen to provide for the proper expansion of its commercial capabilities. The French duties upon iron are practically prohibitive ########## of the French frontier, except on the belt which stretches from Blanc-Misseron to Mont Genèvre, where the duty falls three francs per 100 kilogrammes. Every branch of French industry feels the paralysing e@ﬀects of this weight upon its development, for iron is no less essential to the circulation of the whole industrial body than to the vital circulation of the human system. We have dwelt upon the trade in cotton and in iron with speci@ﬁc remark because of the leading importance of these articles to the export commerce, present and future, of the United States, as well as the industry of France, but it is impossible to glance over the schedules of French commerce without per- ceiving that the whole trade of France with this country is susceptible of a very great legitimate expansion under the operation of a more liberal commercial system. #################################################################################################################### inquest was opened on the body of this gentleman at the Globe Hotel, Warwick, yesterday, before S. W. Haynes, Esq., Borough Coroner, and a res- pectable Jury, of which Mr. H. Elvins was foreman. The @ﬁrst witness called was Mr. E. Johnson, landlord of the hotel, who stated that Mr. Hunt drove up to the Globe from the railway station about half-past one on Sunday. There was to be a consultation that afternoon with reference to the Birmingham parochial embezzlement cases, which Mr. Hunt was to attend, and he was to dine with the gentlemen concerned in the prosecution but he said that instead of doing so he should like to dine with Mr. and Mrs. Johnson. Accordingly @he sat down in the bar, appearing very excited, and partook of some boiled fowl. While eating it, he described the railway accident he had been in on Friday. Before he had @ﬁnished dinner, he said he must go to his room, but before reaching it he was com- pelled to go into the commercial room, on the @ﬁrst @ﬂight of stairs, the bell of which he rang. He requested that Mr. Richards, a friend, also staying at the Globe, should come to him, and Mr. Richards went. A surgeon was imme- diately sent for.-Mr. Blenkinsop, surgeon, said that he was called in about half-past two. He found Mr. Hunt very ill, faint, and vomiting, gave him a stimulant, and had him sent to bed. When he rallied a little he ordered a warm bath, but as Mr. Hunt fainted as soon as he was put into it, he had him put in bed again. Dr. Jea@ﬀreson was then called in. The deceased died at twenty-@ﬁve minutes to nine on Tues- day morning. In company with Dr. Jea@ﬀreson and Mr. Male he made a post mortem@ examination on Wednesday. That examination led to the discovery that an aneurism, formed on the abdominal aorta, had burst, and a large quantity of coagulated and @ﬂuid blood which had escaped was also found. That was the cause of death. Was of opinion that the aneurismal sac was lacerated in the rail- way collision, but that no great discharge of blood took place till the deceased was taken ill on Sunday. Mr. P. Richards gave evidence as to Mr. Hunt having, after he was taken ill, expressed fears that he was injured by the accident. From what he said about the accident ############ he was #################### his back ############################### with his face to ################################## to the back of the carriage with great force, and that his left side had hit upon the elbow of ################################################################### to India is regarded as a matter of national interest, in a greater degree than at any former period, reliable information concerning the revenue of that country is of the greatest value. From returns moved for by Mr. A. MILLS, and just made public, it appears that, though the gross revenue of India has increased during the last four years from £28,609,109. to £30,817,528., the charges upon it have increased in a greater ratio, namely, from £25,279,848. to £28,372,901. The principal source of revenue is the land tax, the produce of which ######################### in the Madras Presidency, where it is ######################## owing to the poverty of the inhabitants, ############################## of acres of the best land in ######################## The amount raised is ########################################################################################## seat. Dr. Jea@ﬀreson con@ﬁrmed the evidence of Mr. Blenkinsop. There was good reason to believe that the injury was done to the aneurismal sac at the accident on Friday, but the @ﬁnal rupture did not take place till Sunday. Could hardly give an opinion whether death was accelerated by exertion afterwards but if he knew a man had an aneurism, should advise him to lie in bed after such an accident. The enquiry was adjourned to the 4th of January. THE #################### the Weekly Board held yesterday, Howard Luckcock, Esq., in the chair, the following donations were announced in aid of the new wing The Dowager Lady Chetwynd, £10. and, per col- lecting cards, Miss Ashmore, Yardley, £9. Messrs. Peyton a@d Son, Great Lister Street, £5. W. G. Postans, Esq., Lionel Street, £2. 2s. Mrs. Crompton, Edgbaston, £1. 5s. The Secretary reported a new annual subscription of £1. 5s. from the Rev. A. Solani, Ocker Hill. THE #################### the Weekly Board, held yesterday, Mr. John Boucher in the chair, an annual sub- scription of £4. 4s. was presented from Henry Halford, Esq., West Bromwich, per Mr. William Edwards, Cal- thorpe Street. At a meeting of the Guardians of the King's Norton Union on Wednesday last, a subscription of two guineas @per annum was voted to the Birmingham and Midland Institution for Diseases of the ######################### afternoon, as a boy named Thomas Colburn, residing in Lionel Street, was assisting in taking a boat through the Snowhill Lock of the old Birmingham Canal, he attempted to push open the lock gate with his foot, sitting at the same time on the boat. The gate, it is supposed from the pressure of the water, rebounded, and caught his foot between it and the bows of the boat, and fractured his ankle. He was conveyed to the General Hospital, where he still remains.-Samuel Jones, a well sinker, in the employ of Mr. W. Mills, Great Hampton Street, whilst engaged three or four days ago in sinking a sinking a shaft in King Street, Hockley, sustained a rather severe laceration of the scalp, in consequence of a brick falling upon his head from the top. His wound was dressed at the General Hospital, and he has since been admitted as an in-patient, and is in a fair way of recovery. The ###################################################### 1,700 persons, in bread, money, and clothes. Blankets are also provided as a loan to the poor for the winter season.@@ ############################################################### usual half-yearly distribution of prizes took place yesterday morning, in the presence of several of the Governors and a large number of the friends of the pupils, the presentations being made by the Rev. E. H. Gi@ﬀord, Head Master. At twelve o'clock the scho- lars, boys and girls, of the Elementary Schools, to the num- ber of about 1,000, assembled in the Classical School Room, when the Head Master, after a few remarks, in the course of which he expressed his satisfaction with the progress and condition of the Schools, awarded a number of prizes. Seventeen were apportioned to each of the girls' schools for general class work, writing, drawing, and needlework, and thirteen to each of the boys' departments. Four extra rewards were given for the result of the general examina- tion of the @ﬁrst division of the @ﬁrst class in each school. The good order and excellent behaviour of the pupils was a subject of general remark. The scholars of the Gram- mar School will rëassemble on the 3rd of February, and of the Elementary Schools on the 20th of January. ############################## anniversary meet- ing of scholars and friends of the Infant School, in Ann Street, which is in connection with the Birmingham Infant School Society, took place yesterday, Thursday. Th@e room was prettily decorated for the occasion, and amongst those present were Messrs. R. T. Cadbury, in the chair, Joseph and Edmund Sturge, and Mr. W. Nutter, secretary to the society, together with a number of ladies. The report, as read by Mr. Nutter, detailed the good results achieved by the educational e@ﬀorts of the promoters of the society. The progress of the school in question had during the past year continued satisfactory, the average attendance of 130 scholars having been about 90. Five young persons had been taught and quali@ﬁed as infant school teachers during the same period, making a total of 162 since its establishment in 1825. The statement of accounts showed a slight decrease in the funds, as@ compared with the pre- ceding year, the receipts being £174. 17s. 6d. expenditure, ########### 11d. balance in hands of treasurer, £31. 19s. 7d. The children were examined by Mrs. Smith, the school- mistress, and the manner in which they acquitted them- selves was highly satisfactory, and entitled both teacher and scholars to much ####################################### #################### morning, soon after seven o'clock, an accident of this nature occurred at a building in course of erection in Holloway Head, belonging to Mr. Martin, builder. One of the labourers employed, named James Connolly, was on the sca@ﬀold attached to the erection, about @ﬁfteen feet from the ground, when the portlock broke, and the poor fellow, in addition to the fall, had a portion of the timber, c., precipitated upon him. He was quickly conveyed to the Queen's Hospital, and on enquiry, last night, we @ﬁnd that Connolly is so much injured that he cannot stir his legs, and his back is also the seat of great pain. Altogether his case seems a very serious one. ########################## inquest was held last night Thursday, at E. P. Mitton's, the Calthorpe Arms Inn, Bath @Row, before Dr. B. Davies, on the body of a @ﬁne little girl named Rose Weaver, two years and @ﬁve months old, the daughter of James, Weaver, a mason, in Naviga- tion Street. The a@@ﬄicted mother of deceased stated that about the middle of the day on the preceding Saturday she was sitting by the @ﬁre, with her little child standing at her knee. Upon the drop-bar of the grate was a saucepan full of boiling hot broth. Engaged closely at her work of waist- coat making, she did not actually see deceased lean forward to and take hold of the handle of the saucepan, but she had no doubt the little creature did so, fell forward, upset the vessel full of the broth, which scattered itself over her neck, face, arm, and left side, and scalded her dreadfully. She was at once taken to the Queen's Hospital, where Mr. Pemberton, one of the students in charge temporarily, as house surgeon, paid every attention to the su@ﬀerer, but without avail, and the child died on Wednesday last. After hearing the remarks of the Coroner, the Jury returned a verdict of Accidental Deat@h. @THE ENQUIRY INTO THE CONDUCT OF THE CHIEF SUPERINTENDENT OF POLICE. SECOND DAY. On the reässembling of the committee on Friday, the 20th of November, Alderman MANTON read the following letter that had been addressed to him by the Chairman Alderman Hodgson - 13, Waterloo Street, November 20th, 1857. Dear Sir,-You are aware that an improper use has been made of the fact of my having been some time ago engaged in attempting to arrange the pecuniary a@ﬀairs of Mr. Stephens, our Superin- tendent, and also that my professional connection with him ceased as soon as I heard it was intended to bring against him charges which it would be @my duty, as Chairman of the Watch Committee, to assist in investigating. In order to protect myself from a repe- tition of insinuations not only derogatory to my character as @@public man, but repugnant to that spirit of impartiality which I have sought to carry into every relation of life, I think it advis- able to abstain from taking any part in the investigation now pending, and believing that in delegating to yourself, or some other member of the Watch Committee, my position as Chairman during the progress of this enquiry, substantial justice will be dealt out to all parties concerned.-Yours faithfully, T. R. T. HODGSON. On the motion of Mr. E. C. OSBORNE, Alderman Manton was unanimously elected Chairman pro te@m., and it was afterwards resolved that Alderman Hodgson's letter be received and entered on the minutes. A discussion, which occupied some time, afterwards ensued upon a motion by Mr. ################ e@ﬀect that in order that members of the force who were called as witnesses might not @be deterred from giving free and candid evidence, the Chief Superin- tendent be suspended during the enquiry. In submitting this resolution, Mr. Goodrick said he was actuated by no hostile feeling towards Mr. Stephens, but simply by a desire that the mem- bers of the force who might be called before them should not feel themselves under any in@ﬂuence or restraint.@-Alderman LLOYD seconded the motion, and remarked that he thought they had gone far enough into the enquiry to justify them in adopting the course proposed by Mr. Goodrick.-Mr. SMITH sin- cerely hoped the resolution would not be adopted, inasmuch as the fact of the suspension of Mr. Stephens would give rise to an impression on the public mind that a proof of guilt had already been established.-Mr. E. C. OSBORNE also opposed the motion, expressing his belief that the suspension of Mr. Stephens would be most injudicious, inasmuch as the moral control he possessed over the force woul@d be seriously impaired. He moreover asserted that the committee were not justi@ﬁed at so early a stage of@@@@ enquiry in taking such an abrupt step.-Mr. BROWN thought that if it was deemed proper that Mr. Stephens should be suspended, he ought to have been suspended at the outset, and he did not see how they could reasonably or rightly suspend him now.-Mr. DEE consi- dered that now was the proper time for discussing the question.-Mr. CUTLER concurred in the view taken by Mr. Brown. If they suspended Mr. Stephens now, the public would naturally impute guilt to him. As to the suggestion of the in@ﬂuence which the pre- sence of t@heir chief o@@ﬃcer might have upon the members of the force, he did not think that the o@@ﬃcers who had already been examined had evinced any reserve or trepidation. After some further discussion, Mr. Goodrick, on the suggestion of the Chair- man, agreed to defer his motion until the enquiry was further advanced. Mr. Stephens, who had not been present during these proceed- ings, was then called in, and the enquiry was proceeded with. The CHAIRMAN read the following letters, which were referred to by Mr. Stephens in his evidence on the previous day, which had been forwarded to the committee by Alderman Hodgson. The @ﬁrst is from Mr. Stephens to Alderman Hodgson, and bears no date - Sir,-Rumours having come to my knowledge within the last few days that I retain a sum of money collected for the Crimean Fund, and as you are the gentleman to whom the enclosed cor- respondence refers, I beg to forward you the amount, and much regret that I could not carry out your wishes.-I am, Sir, c., R. A. STEPHENS.-T. R. T. Hodgson, Esq. The enclosed correspondence is as follows - Police O@@ﬃce, Birmingham, February 16th, 1857.-Sir, Some time since the Chairman of the Watch Committee expressed a wish that the whole of the force should devote one day's pay to the Crimean Fund. Provisions then being high, I could only, I deeply regret to say, carry out his views to about one-half of the extent. I have spoken to two of the senior Inspectors since, but at present I cannot make any progress. It is my decided wish to carry out the wish suggested. Oblige me by giving me your opinion how you would act, in my situation, either by letting it stop over for two or three months, as provisions are fast falling, or at once close it. Apologising for thus troubling you, I am, Sir, your very obedient servant, R. A. STEPHENS.-Captain Fishbourne, 19, New Street, Spring Gardens, London. 12th April, 1857.-Sir, May I beg the favour of an answer to my letter of February 16, last. -I am, Sir, c., R. A. STEPHENS. -Captain Fishbourne. Royal Commission of the Patriotic Fund, 19, New Street, Spring Gardens, London, 14th April, 1867.-Sir, Will you have the @goodness to state what was the purport of your letter of the 16th of February ?-I am, @@c., E. ######################## Secretary. -R. A. Stephens, Esq. Mr. STEPHENS, in reply to questions from the Chairman, after- wards remarked I have no hesitation in saying that a reply was sent to the last letter read, from Captain Fishbourne. I have no question for one moment in my own mind that I wrote to him by the next post, enclosing a copy of my former letter. It is my invariable practice to answer all letters by the next post. I generally write the replies to all letters on the backs of the letters themselves, and they are afterwards copied by the clerks in the o@@ﬃce. I may not have thought it necessary to do so in this instance, as I had only to enclose a copy of my former letter. Mr. OSBORNE Do you remember replying to the letter ? Mr. STEPHENS I have no recollection of doing so, but I have no doubt of it from the practice of my o@@ﬃce. ############ Is the letter produced the only communication you have received from Captain Fishbourne ? Mr. STEPHENS It is. The CHAIRMAN You say you received no communication from Mr. Morgan, the local secretary of the Patriotic Fund. Mr. STEPHENS I received no communication from him, neither directly nor indirectly, or from any other person, to hand over the money raised by the force. Alderman LLOYD Are you aware that the fund closed on the 1st of January ? Mr. STEPHENS I am not. Alderman LLOYD Did you not see any paragraph in any of the public journals, calling attention to the closing of the fund, nor know it as a notorious fact that it was necessary that all money unpaid should be sent in as soon as possible ? Mr. STEPHENS No. The accounts are not closed at this present moment I am Informed that there are hundreds of pounds still in hand. Mr. OSBORNE remarked that Mr. Stephens, in his evidence at the former meeting of the committee, said the money was paid over to Mr. Hodgson @ﬁve or six weeks ago, and wished to ask if Mr. Stephens could say whether this was before or after that enquiry was proposed, or some conversation had taken place upon the subject. Mr. STEPHENS I will not say, but I believe it was after Alder- man Lloyd had some conversation with me I cannot speak positively. Examination resumed I am not aware whether Alderman Hodgson remitted the money at once to Captain Fishbourne or not. I simply paid it over to Alderman Hodgson because he was Mayor at the time, @and expressed a wish that the force should contribute a day's pay. The CHAIRMAN said Mr. Stephens mustust wrong, because Alderman Baldwin was Mayor at that time and Alderm@@an Palmer followed and Mr. Hodgson succeeded Alderman Palmer. The ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### were. Allow me to say that I never recom- mended hats or boots supplied to the men, because I don't want that impression to get abroad as accounting for Messrs. Dolan not pressing me for this debt. @debt. Mr. DEE You have had no other private transactions with Messrs. Dolan. Mr. STEPHENS None. Alderman LLOYD read a letter he had received from Messrs. Dolan in reply to a communication from him on the subject, which stated the amount of £78. 17s. 6@d. is still standing on our books for goods supplied to the Birmingham force. He had written another letter to Messrs. Dolan, he said, a copy of which he read, but had received no reply. Mr. STEPHENS handed in a private letter from Messrs. Dolan, dated the 16th October, which commenced, No one has made any application to us in reference to the white trousers we supplied to you. The remainder of the communication, Mr. Stephens remarked, was of a private nature. The CHAIRMAN asked if Mr. Stephens had any further statement to make? Mr. STEPHENS No, except my only motive to this transaction was saving the men 2s. 6d. a pair in the trousers supplied to them. The case coming next in order, namely, the gratuities to the o@@ﬃcers on duty at the Aston Hall sales, was then taken. Police-constable Mitchell was @ﬁrst called. He stated that he remembered the sales at Aston Hall in June, 1848. At that time he was a messenger in the o@@ﬃce, and he was sent to attend at the Hall in charge of three men, named Newman, Long, and Ballance. He was there for three days but did not recollect whether any other o@@ﬃcers were there on those days, nor whether any of the detective force were present. No extra money had been paid to them by the Chief Superintendent for their services on that occasion. One day, however, Inspector Glossop was in the o@@ﬃce, and he Mitchell, and Ballance were also in the room when Mr. Glossop paid him Mitchell, 5s. for his three days duty at Aston Hall, and Ballance 10s., whereas their remuneration should have been 10s. and £1. respectively. He knew of no other constable receiving any money for their services at the Hall, except himself and Ballance. The CHAIRMAN How came Mr. Glossop to give you this money ? Mitchell explained that on the occasion referred to, which was several months after the sales, he and Ballance were in the Chief Inspector's O@@ﬃces when Mr. Glossop came in. Ballance asked Mr. Glossop if there was anything coming to the men who attended at Aston Hall. Mr. Glossop asked Ballance how much he considered due to him, when Ballance replied £1., and added, If you will give me half of it you shall have the remainder. Mr. Glossop laughed and then gave Ballance @10s. out of @his own pocket. He Mitchell, afterwards made a similar o@ﬀer to Mr. Glossop, who gave him 5s. on account of his share. He afterwards told Long and Detective-sergeant Dutton that he had received some money from Mr. Glossop, and they both expressed a wish that he would do the same by them. He Mitchell, preferred accepting the instalment to being kept waiting longer for his money, and he fully intended Mr. Glossop to have the bene@ﬁt of the remainder. At that time he understood some money had been paid to the Chief Superintendent for the remuneration of the men attending the sales. The pro- prietors of the Hall found refreshments for the constables during the day, and also a dinner in the evening, at an inn in the Aston Road. By Mr. CUTLER Mr. Glossop, when he paid him and Ballance, said he would chance the money being refunded to him. His Mitchell's intention was, that Mr. Glossop, in risking his money in this way, should bene@ﬁt by the transaction at a future time, when the gratuities for the sales should be paid over. He could not say whether Mr. Glossop had received anything for the men at that time. In further examination by Mr. Stephens, Mitchell said he remem- bered an application being made from the Detective O@@ﬃce for the payment of the gratuities allowed for Aston Hall. He also remem- bered a parcel to which a piece of paper was attached being after- wards brought out of the Chief Superintendent's o@@ﬃce by Police- constable Eccleston, who was then a messenger also. He Mitchell, said to him, John, what have you got there? to which he replied, Something good. He did not know what the parcel contained, but formed the impression it was money for the men who had attended the Aston Hall sales. Eccleston took the packet down stairs, and he Mitchell, could not say what be- came of it. Mr. Stephens said he had nothing further to ask Mitchell, all he was desirous of showing being that this money went out of his possession into the clerk's o@@ﬃce. Inspector Glossop was next examined. He stated I recollect some o@@ﬃcers being sent to attend the Aston Hall sales I think about seven men went there. Sub-inspector Tandy and Sergeant Dutton were two who were sent, and they have not been paid, I believe, anything extra for their services they have both told me so this week. Ballance and Mitchell were also at the sales. No money has ever been sent to my o@@ﬃce, to pay the men gratui- ties for their attendance, nor have I received any for that purpose. I paid two or three men a composition on the amount they believed they were entitled to for their attendance, and I did so out of my own pocket. The men were talking and complaining amongst themselves that the Chief-Superintendent had not distribluted any money for their services, and I was asked to see Mr. Gri@@ﬃths, and ask him if he had handed any sum to the Chief-Superintendent as gratuities to the men who were present at the sales, and to request him, if he had, to press Mr. Stephens to distribute it. I accord- ingly saw Mr. Gri@@ﬃths, and he informed me that he had sent £6. to Mr. Stephens for that purpose. I saw Mr. Gri@@ﬃths two or three times afterwards, and he spoke to me on the subject, and said he had written to the Chief Superintendent, requesting him to pay the money to the men. Until I saw Mr. Gri@@ﬃths the @ﬁrst time, I had no knowledge that any money had been sent to the Chief Superin- tendent. The men still continued their complaints at di@ﬀerent times, and I paid some of them a composition, as I have stated. I never made any application to the Chief Superintendent, either verbally or in writing, with reference to this money, nor am I aware that any application was sent in to him from the Detective O@@ﬃce. It was from twelve to eighteen months after the sale that I paid the composition. The @ﬁrst time I saw Mr. Gri@@ﬃths was about three months after the sale, and I saw him occasionally in the course of the following year. I did so with the object of his urging the Chief Superintendent to pay over the money, as I did not like to hear the men speaking disrespectfully of Mr. Stephens, or of there being a ground of complaint of such a kind. I did not like to make any application to Mr. Stephens myself on the subject. I have never received the money I paid, nor did the Chief Superintendent, I believe, know that I had done such a thing until about a week ago. The only motive I had in advancing the composition was that I had great respect for Mr. Stephens, and did not like to hear the men speak of him as they did. The men I paid were, I think, Mitchell, Ballance, and Eccleston, and I thought the money would be dis- tributed some day or other, and I could then deduct what I had advanced. By Mr. CUTLER I never received any message or any parcel containing money from the Chief Superintendent on this account, from Eccleston, an Inspector, or any other person. Mr. Stephens might have sent a reply to an application from the men in the Detective O@@ﬃce without my knowledge. Mr. STEPHENS intimated that he had no questions to put to Mr. Glossop, but a@@ﬃrmed that he never received any application, either verbally or in writing, from Mr. Gri@@ﬃths, relative to this matter. Donnery, the Corporation Messenger, but who was formerly a clerk in the Chief Superintendent's O@@ﬃce, was next examined. He said he had no remembrance of any application being sent in from any of the men for the money for their attendance at Aston Hall but he was one day in the o@@ﬃce when Eccleston brought out a small parcel from the Chief Superintendent's room. That parcel he supposed contained money, and Eccleston took it down stairs to the o@@ﬃcer on duty, as he Donnery@@ supposed. On passing through the o@@ﬃce Eccleston was asked what he had got, to which he replied, something good for the men who were at Aston Hall. He should say it was about the year 1849, when this circumstance took place. He imagined the parcel contained money, from its appearance, and the manner that Eccleston carried it in his hand. He could conscientiously say that Eccleston remarked he had something good for the men who were at Aston Hall. @@It here transpired that Eccleston had since died and that Ballance had been killed at the accident at the Midland Counties Concert Hall. Sub-inspector Tandy afterwards spoke to having received no money as gratuity for his attendance at Aston Hall. He was at the sales for six days, and expected to have received 3s. 6d. a day, according to what he understood had been given by the proprietors for that purpose. He was informed by Mr. Gri@@ﬃths, whom he met in the street, that £6. had been sent to the Chief Superintendent to pay the men. To the best of his recollection a written application, signed by all the men who were present at the Hall, was sent in to the Chief Superintendent, asking for the money to be distributed, but no reply was received. Another application might have been made subsequently, but he did not recollect any reply coming to the o@@ﬃce. None of the acting o@@ﬃcers at New Street had informed him of any parcel containing money being sent to them from the Chief Superintendent's o@@ﬃce. Sergeant Dutton was also called to prove having received no money for his attendance at Aston Hall. He had several times asked Mr. Glossop to make him a composition on his share, as he had done to Mitchhell and Ballance, but he had declined, observing that he had done quite enough in that way already. The committee then adjourned. TOWN HALL PERFORMANCES. MONDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 28. PART 1.-Solo, Organ, March, Costa.-Quartet, Hear those soothing sounds, Beethoven.-Trio, The willow bough, Cursch- mann.-Ballad, Under the greenwood tree, Hatton.-Duet, The wood nymphs, Macfarren.-Glee, Over hill and valley, Mendelssohn.-Duet, Parigi o cara, Verdi.-Solo. Organ, Over- ture to Tancredi, Rossini.@@ PART 2.-Solo, Organ, Selection from Anna Bolena, ######### the sea, Mrs. Groom.-Solo and ################## valley, @Reichardt.-Duet, Let us ########### the harp in the air. ########################################################################################################### great utility of the ############################ Tenants' Rent Book, arranged ############# jun., Auctioneer and Surveyor, Newhall ########## ######################## 1d., is an invaluable help to poor tenants who have little knowledge of the mysteries of book-keeping @@and the former, published at 2s. and 3s. each, is admirably adapted for landlords it is simple, clear, and business-like in its arrange- ment. Both books may be warmly commended and both will have, wedoubt not, a 620 Now ready, ############################################################################ Part I., New Series, of #################################### consisting of 64 ############ the Panoramic Map and Chronological History of India. The whole is enclosed in a handsome wrapper. ############## chapters of J. F. Smith's new #### Tears, and of Felix Stowe's new domestic Tale, #### Living Celebrities, Indian Scenes, ############# cation of the Panoramic Map and No. 1 of ################################# the price of ################################# the 5th of January, 1858. Beyond #################################### Sixpence. London Kent ##################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################