[OCR_toInput] EXETER FLYING POST, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1SH F- CVw 4 ftl m? THE PARi8H COUNCILS. first Psrish-Meeting iaaecordance u tee Local Government Act of 1894 were i tbroof noat tbe country on Wednesday, •ving 1 particular relating to these • is tbe West. The poll, where demanded ate place on the 18th instant, and the . meeting of the Connell wilt be held ta 27th Where there no poll tbe first •tree i hied for the 13tb initant. AXXtNSTBB. . rte-oee nomination paper ware handed asd eventually a poll was demanded. ASHBURTON. I a Tucker presided, and there were ,.ose candidate for Sfteen seat , two rawing A ebow of hand resulted a ,. W Irish, gentleman, 88 , G C Foot , £tnt. 32 J Honey will, labourer, 75 J ier. accountant, 85 White, china - at, 65 F Yale . merchant, 64 J P - it r merchant, 63 T IT Mann, coal -, ct.S5. 1 Laraason.brush manufacturer i,. dye. auctioneer, 49 P F Amsry-it'., 48 J H Foaden, contractor, 45 - -vertor. farmer,44 T Lamshead.farmer, C b IVotten. baker, 34. A poll was ALMtlXGTON. -.R v E J. G. Dupuis proeided, and the , rc non-iaation were handed in .. Brewer, labourer William G Cole , ■ - G IV Dvmond, farmer W H Dadd, -r . G P Fitch, brewer James wi rg . farmer James Hitching , • F T Lorain, farmer W Leach, - r.. J London, shodnaker J W - K-istocaster C Marks, coachman - coachman J R R Mitchell, market -err H J Newberry, dairyman • r. Perkin , builder John Pike, .I a c Richard , farmer A Smith, . A J Scene , baker E Tucker, , -d viotnaller R White, farmer F t. , tanner and T K Wippell, tanner, • • was taken, but a poll was demanded. RRADNISCH. .!. 1A veil piesided, and for twelve . ' veaty-two nomination were handed in ■ as demanded. 11RAUNTOS. f -. lowing were nominated Messre. Clarke. Cano, Dyer, Ellicott, Harper Howard, Harlnoll, Johns, Lamprey, Mansion, Mason, Middleton, Palmer, ... Prim. Pngsley, Slee.Snow, fiiuimons, - i noma , Webber, Yeo, and Itaac . . certain. BICXLSiGH. r Smart Hall presided. Fourteen rate were nominated, nnd the following were elected W T Baskerville, W G • V F W Hawker. John King, J B WCowling,and G Cann. BOW. • presided. A show of hands was t . of Messrs Havcroft, Ponsfcrd, Grant. Wreford, Powlesland, Howe, zd Bowden, butapoll was demanded. rnURSTON FEE -JBS ■-VC Simpson. J.P., presided. eight vacancies to fid, and tbe show of . suited n favour of Messrs Doble OMrieve, Pearce, Toros, Toms, and Missis Wairen and Gill being equal . _- ..r place The chairman gavd his favour of the former. Mr Beer then .Aided a poll. kediton hamlets. the following were proposed and -William Tremiott, farmer, Holla-Samuel Snell, farmer, Kcymeltord - i jon l. butcher, Yeoford William t unish. farmer, Blnneford and Burnett, ltbourer, Holbtcombe. • -nv.s were nominated at Uookway, a show of hands the following four v cu. Henry kl. Mallett, 22 Daniel . i i 21 Lewis Look, 20 Richard r.c. 1 -.0 ..rates we e elected as follow at 7 7. Poue Spencecombe , John s la'jcarcr !, and W. C. Milton post-CULI.O UPTON. • M Kaiicy wa elected chairman, and j . . ou nominations had been handed . Messrs J F Baker, pnjier-4 FSBC 1 . 1 11 Barer, jeweller C B Kwens, It Farruni, vi-oman W Fore-, l r • for.'n.an Her G Forrester, V'car m t i M . rs M I Foster, chorai t A 1 ' ach builder W K Gillard, axle I ,• t Granger carpenter T P Grant, W Jb ■ JTT , -f Fee m M -W J A Gran, J.P. Billeirsdon v 'ivert-n-lane , mechanic in axle W .1 Heard, postmaster E Labdon, E Lawrence. jon., farmer W A L tw-m -r F Leach, foreman in jitper H l.'.oyd. physician and surgeon T . c tchbullhcr C 1? Mackia, gentle-Mar.field, gentleman T Mitchell, ! Perkin , retired tin-plate worker n wsr.gent C Quick, porter J layne Barton t. farmer C Reynolds • and meiclient. J Sansoin, bi.ot, v sellvood. Tanner C Taylor, mason r tnasor, . . J Upcott, merchant s 1'pcott, gsn.leu.an. 'lhe Rev G er Mr IV J A Grant, and Mr W wuh lrew Iron. nomination. Voting • . but a poll was demanded. DAWI.ISH. e v. ere nine members to be elected, but ■ rations were handed in. The show - resulted as follows JohnOibson, omss Scarl . 28 John Gopplestone 27 . .Ume lioisham, 27 Richard 74 . the Rev C K Francis Renthell, i.am Waterfield. 22, William Adams, 15 John Carpenter, u ' Lee, 5 Colonel F F Lyster, 0. rving demaiideii, the first nine red elected. KXM1NRTKK. Kekewich presided, and the following were banded in Lewis Aggett, u. i , Henry Diew, Veauiore Cottage r. .Maiford Home Fnrio William £. , View Cottages Rlouard Lee, .aim Join filler, tho Village iVracomhe John, Tuck. Kxe -gos J homas William Strong, I ilrmion Robert Trood, Matford I ipprll, barton Farm. TheCliairmau, interval declared these elected. HAAVITHRA. a large uieetiug at the Boys' !. Mr. Alderman Burch, J P., li e o ialr, and, alter a brief explain- j i iin- course o piocedure, united . ir.- to be sent in. Tnis was do.iC. , iinuaii declared that ail ihe tpersi ,1 with the exception ot that o -~h® Mr. John Capron, who was norsi-■pt d as ,r District Councillor instead of a Pariah Councillor. On bearing tba announcement a shout of laughter went up, and Mr. Oapron coming forward said, .You bare not irononneed rightly. -The Chair man I don't nnderstanl yon. Yoq or lotnsoM else hara filled np the wrong nomina tion paper, and therefore I declare it invalid. -Mr, Capron I bow to yonr decision, Cheers and langhter. -The Chairman the informed the meeting that twenty-two nominations had been reoeived for fifteen seats.-Questions were then invited, and Mr. Wilson said be had a few te ask.-The Chair man 1 shall be 1 appy to put them, but don't let us have too much we don't want to •tay here until to-morrow morning.-The first Question by Mr. Wilson was Will you vote last all public meetings of tbe Parish Connells shall be held in the evening ? Hear, hear. Most of the candidates expressed themselves in favour of this. ~' r he •eeoad question was Will you vote for a parish reading room, a lectur and entertain ment ball, together with a recreation-ground for Hsavitret. One of the candidates nid I will do all that, but the first thing I should like to see is the streets to be put in order. Mr. Battishill declined to pledge himself.-Colonel Vaugbao said the Council would only have tbe management of something like £300 a year if they wishad to spend more they bad to com to the parish meeting. -Mr. Evans wss in favouf of the proposal, but thought it should ,be brought before the ratepayer .-The third question was whether the Candi da es would vote for the working meu acquiring allotments within reasonable distances of their homes, and the price to be proportionate to that paid per acre by tenant farmers and dairymen. Tne majority of the candidates replied In the affirmative to ifii query, as also to one relating to whether the ohanties of tbe pat ieh would oe thoroughly investigated and impartially admiuistered irrespective of party or creed. - The Chairman then took a show of hands for all the candidates. The result wasW H Coombes, builder, 146 Rev 3 ri Berkeley, vicar, 134 Mr 11 Mill, juur, market gardener, 127 Eieutenaut-Caioncl Vaugban, 126 W Buruett, shoemaker, 111 A Brooking, gentleman, 110 VV J iiaUishill, solicitor, 104 V VY Evans, coal merchant, 104 6 Pennell, gentleman, 103 C H Bampfylde, iron founder's foremau, 101 J Adams, farmer, 98 J Melhuisb, bricklayer, 98 K Bnow, farmer, 98 C Sclater, nursery man, 93 K James, gardener, 92. 'Tlie followiini were unsuccesslul -MrGBurridge 87 Mr P J Liddell85 Mr A G Pyle 42 Mr Haymab 5f Mr J Sampson 32 ltev T Woodcock 31, Rev G M Wilson 6.-The cbkiiman asked if anyone demanded a poll. Mr G Haviil demanded a poll on behalt ot tbe ltev G M Wnson, but he afterwards with drew. The chairman after wailing ten minutes without any demand declared the foregoing 15 elected. They are the same gentlemen as were selected by the parish meeting except that Ur Buow takes the place of Mr Burridge. HIGHWKKK. Mr. W. Vicary was obairman. There were thirty - eight nomination papers handed in, five of were duplicated and two declared invalid.-A vote was taken in tbe rooni when the following were the first 12-J Oher 88 'TMeatiierdon, 75 I Vicary 72 1 Rodgers, 68 C S Vicary, 65 C Adams plumber , 63 -N Go s, 63 Rev Harris, 53 , iy 8 Pinsent, 51 G Irish, 60 M H Jurvi, 55 8 Mogudge, 44 R t'ascoe, 44 A poll was demanded by ibe Rev S Lytie on belialf of Mr W L ShiUton, which was, how ever afterwards withdrawn, but a poll was then demanded on behalf ot Mr H 8 Stevens. IDE. Mr J K C Walkey, J.C, was elected chair man. There are uine seats, and 25 nominations were halide! in us follows -Messrs J Braddon, J Blythe. IV C Chanuon, J Cauntet, W Cox gardener , W Cox baker , F C Gilpin, W Hale, E H Loye, H Milton, T Perkins, J I'iller, C W Ruddull, T Richards, W Satterly, j H Beane , K VYBoauei, Colonel IV Srnee, C Stone, J Tucker, J Tuckett, 11 Voysey, and E Wrigbt. On examination, Mr .7 Tucker was declared invalid, and there was one duplicate paper. A show of hands wr.s taken, nut a poll wus demanded. KINGSKtiBSWELI. A show of hands resulted as follows - E S Ford, 56 H J Crocker, 53 J Stook-. 52 1 Citei, 5i W Drew, 44 J Alisti ff, 41 l H Hicks, 38 S Hicks, 3f T WollaColt, 33 J Wollaoott, 33 Fioyo, 33 R Frenuli, 32 U A Loch, 30 U Fagan, 29 J J Wale, 25 B Lainbil.eul, 24 VV it Leader, 24 b Donuan, 24 J L Brown, 23 J Le-, tj a Ciiandh-r, 14 T Codiiar. 14 .1 11 Wilkinson,12 J Bcvey 10, W B Jenkihs, 61 and J B Maun, 6. Mr a Chandler demanded a poll on belialf of the female voters. KING8TB1UNTON. There ware 100 hoaiinations handed in, in favour of 42 candidates for the 13 seats. A show of hutlds was taken, but a poll is demands J. lymMtonb. Colonel Birch was appointed chairman,and 23 nomination papers were handed in, Inf these were reduced to 18. After voting a pod was demanded. UAKKli In the Millbroofc Ward, the ll v. W 11 Mil'ett presiding, there were forty-three nominations lor eleven seats. A show ot hands wus taken, hut a poll was demanded. NEWTON ST. CYBE8, The following were elected T Mai tinge farmer J Hallctl, labourer M Passmore, gentleman O Berry, farmer IV Coombe, miller G Har.oock, shoemaker J Parker, road contractor J Chudley, taller G Rowe, farmer, NOBTHTAWTON. Alderman Snell preti ied, and a show of hands was followed by a demand for a poll. NOBTHTA tVTON. There were 12 members to tie elected, and 23 nominations were hanled in. A poll was demanded. OKEI7AMPTON HAMLKTS Mr. C. Geen, J.P., was voted to the chair and n show of bunds resulted an follows R Madge, H Geeii, E P Nortbey, Brown, John King, It Walter . C Carr. These were declared elected, a demand for a poll by Mr G Ellis being withdrawn. PII.TON BARNSTAPLE . Mr IV Fisher was voted to the chair, and following eight were elected Messrs G tV F Brown solicitor ,J Daniel briekmakor , A Galliford painter , William Go mltltt . William H Harding wheelwright , Thomas Hoyles blacksmith , William Lemon mer chant , and E B Stcwell shoemaker , PINHOB. The following ware the selected candi dates Davey,working man Turner, farmer Carr, wine merchant Ford, working man Lake, farmer J. Elwortby, coal merchant Mills, working man D. Klworthy, market gardener J. Hartuoll, publican. A poll woe demanded. ' SAMPTORD PBVERIIL. Mr. J. Burrough presided, and after a show of iiands a poll was demanded. BOUTH BBBNT. Mr. T. Richards was appointed chairman, and thcrejwsrotwsnty-nine nominations The Rev. J. R. Walker demanded a poll after a ehhow of bunds ad been declared. SANDPOBD. Mr. A F. Davie was voted totheohair. Frr. eleven seats 23 were nominated, end a show, of liaads was followed by a demand for a poll. ST. LEONABD, K.YKTEK. There are only three county ratepayers in the parish. Mr. F. Thomas presided, and Mr. Mitchell proposed the Rev. J. F. Sheldon as parish chairman. Mr. Sheldon seconded this himself, and the meeting ended. SHERWOOD. The following wore elected A District Councillor, Mr George Toogood Parish Councillors-William Fry, mason Henry John Holman, smith YVilliam Melhuish, farmer James Harris Skiur er, farmer George Toogood, yeoman Philip Wheaton yeoman and . Henry Hugo Worthington, 'entleuiau. ST. BUDBAUX. Air. Henry Matthews ptesided, an! after a show of hands a poll whs demanded. TAVISTOCK. Mr. W E. Baker was voted to the chair. On a show of hands the voting vias Friend 180, Wiuney 163, Cocks '61, Alford 150, ahepperd 142, Kyall 134, Squire 123 Foster. 121, Martin 121, Htgmaiilll, Gill 105. Harris 105, Ash 97. Mr. V. Matthews demanded a poll. T JBKINOTON. Mrs. Oliver, Mrs. H. Pope, Mr. J. Jackson. Mr. T. C pp, aad Mr. T. Lock were nominated No poll was demanded. TOPSHAM. Mr AK Hamilton presided and aaid there had been 30 nomination papers sent in by Messrs L Alford, J Bartlett, B Bowden, T Chown, ti De isham. G Dickerson, Sir Dudley Duckworth-King.F Wilis, C Ferris, VV J Good man E Gale, 11 Gubb, A K Hamilton, S Flood T E Hopewell, W Lux ton, G May, G Mudge, G Murphy, L' H Periatu. K Pollard, G Pons-lord, G Pvne, W Potter, E Sannford K Tapley, E T rout, J Tuckett, F Underhill, N Wannell. A show of hands was taken, but a poll was demanded. POLLS DEMANDED. Polls were demanded, among other places, at Buckland Monxchorunj, L'oombeintcign-head, Egg Buckland, Ermimrton, Kingswear, Upton Pyno, Willand. br. A D m TOJV' 3-i LL Eaton H a I i. cywa f rfE- f Eaton Hall, where is lo take place the marriage between Prince Anolphus of Teck and Lady Alargaret Grosvenor, daughter of the Duke of Westminster, is some four miles from Chester, in the midst of the lovely Dee-side scenery. It is an estato that came into the possession of the Grosvenors in the fifteenth century, by the marriage of Rsufe de Grosvenor witli Joan, the daughter and heiiesg of John Eaton. Tho family have always been lucky iu love, foi the great Pimlico jroperty, which now brings in enor mous sums to tho Duke, and will ete long return still more, was the marriage portion of Mary liavieU, daughter of one Alexander Davies, of Elrom Manor, Middlesex. Het son, Sir Robert Groeveror, lived at Peterborough House, on a site which has since been occu pied by Slillbaok Prison, and is now vacant. It bad belonged, to ihe Mordaunts, Earls of Peterborough, and the last of them, the eccenf lo noblencan who had so romantic a career in Spain, sold it to the Grosveuurs, who rebuilt it in 1735. Eaton Hall, as it sow exists, is practically the third of its name. The first was built iu the reign of William 111., the next in 1803. In 1845 this one was greatly altered, and in 1869 it was practically rebuilt. The work took some five year , ami the result is an edifice in tbe Domestic Gothic Style, one of the most palatial in England. The chapel where tbe marriage takes pJ n has a tower higher than any other in the neighbourhood. One of the most oharming apartments in connection with tho hall is tb2 tea-house, a summer retreat which is orna mented with paintings on marble by Mr. H. S. Marks. The artist has depicten the Seven Ages of Man, tho signy of the Zodiac, and various designs taken from an'eial life. The pillars are of oak grown on the estate, and the floor of parquetrie-verily ''a lordly pleasure-house. ' These things may well be found at the Duke's dwelling for lie is no .doubt the riuhest man in England. He owns 20,00j acres of agricultural land besides his splendid Btlgravian estate. . A Jrwtefi Envoy M. My re do Viler , who has jaet arrived at SFamatarr , after tlso refusal of the ItaUgaey Government to accede to his de DMtnds at Antan anarivo, it familiar with the state of ,-ffeirs iu Aladogas-car. He wss French Resident there seven years ago, sd had many diple-itic struggle -with that little old man of 67, the Prime Minieter, who be found a very subtle diplomatist. M. de Vilers has not much snavity, but he has a good deal o f determination, end be and the Premier were pretty well matched. On one occasion tbe If. BE VILERS. Resident hauled down the French flag at the capita , in order to try to frighten the Malagasy into agreeing te his policy Ha wai, last year, the French ager.t who extorted such stringent terms from the King of Siam, and it was his scenes there that- decided the French Government to send him out a special envoy to Madagascar, in order to bully or cajole the Preoaicr into submission. Asthma Can Be Cured. A Startling Statement. Asthma has long been classed amongst tho incurable diseases. It has buffled the greatest skill of the medical profession. On the other I aad it is remarkable that doctors should for so long a time have clung to a wholly in efficient method of treating it, Asthma is a spasmodic affection of the bronchia! tubes of tho lungs, and the usual course of treatment calls ortheouiployment of various nauseating drags which are taken in the stomach. Medicine so takeii may in course of time reach the lungs nno have a slight, effect, just as. everything taken in the stomach finally icts in some dtgree upon every part of the system, but ihe number of failures to cure Asthma in this nav demonstrates too clearly that such treatment is a mistaken one. The only true treatment of Asthma is by inhalation, lly this means the remedy at oucj reaches the iohI seat of trouble. Within a comparatively recent period. Dr. U. 8chiffmami, who has made the treatment of Asthma, and kindred complaints die study of a lifetime, ha pre pared a remedy known as Ncbiffman's Asthma Cure. With this remedy there is no waiting for results. Being inhaled it acts directly upon the mucous membrane of ihe air passages,relieving the spasm and Centre in. s instantaneously, facilitating irec expectora tion, and insuring comfortably rest to those otherwise umu.de to sleep except in a chair, Briefly, u eff. cts cities where medicine have iailed. The great confidence of the pro prietor in his remedy will be r.aiily appre ciate 1 when he requests as he now uoes the publisher ot this paper to n a to public announcement of the lollowing . fi'er. He will refund the money to ny person who, having purchased a psekago of his chemist, finds on giving it a fair trial that it ooes not no ns claimed for i . Most chemists have i . i sale in two i-i .es, retailing at 2 6d and 4' 6 I per package, or should any ohaniist not mini it or decline to order it for a sufferer, a pannage will be sent, post fiee, on receipt of me amount by Dr. It. schiffmann U 8. , 34, H.J., Gray's Inn Il iad, London, W.Cl. A most convincing list of testimonials uuu pamphlets will be sent free to any uddu-ss. Mr. Trevor Battye. Mr. Trevot Battye, who has just turned up none the worse for his position on the Arctic Kolguev Island, is the son of the Rev. W. W. Battye, the teotor of Hever, near Edehbridge, in Kent At Oxford he was noted for re establishing, after an interval of 150 years, a hawking club. When he left college he did a lot of work for tbe Field on fishing, hunting,and natural history, and in 1891 he became editor of the Pictorial H'orltl. Last, year be formed a desire to explore Kolguev Island, MB. tbevor battyk. chiefly because no one had done so already. Ho and a friend engaged a steam y-cht, the Saxon, manned by a crew of Scotch whalers, which landed him on the island with six weeks' provisions. The ice closed up, and the Saxon was unable to get back at the appointed time to pick him up. For a few weeks there was considerable anxiety among hisfiiends, but he was brought to Europe by some Samoyedes. A Plucky Girl. An inquest was hold at Dover on Wednes day evening on the body of ayoung woman named talley, wife of a Folkestone trades man. who cut her throat, severing arteries and dividing the larynx. A verdict of suicide during temporary insanity was returned The Coroner commended tbe younger sister of th deceased, aged 16, for her courage in entering the room by a tedder when three men refused to do so. A Blind Pianist. A Statesman's Wife. Princess Bismarck, who died last week at Vaizin, was the daughter of a Pomeranian grandee, who mar-It is rot long ago since Viscount Hintou, tbe eldest son of Karl Poalett. aroused some iateresi by starting as an organ grinder. Another of these aristocratic musicians is depicted in our artist's sketch, Mr. Edgar Mn -crave, a blind gentleman, who was at fiist rumoured to be the son of a baronet. He has been round tbe West-end lately, seated in a . Jk V W w Tho Light Railways Conference. The Conference on light railways, which was convened by the Board of Trade, opened on Thursday at WliiiebaU. By the time the proceedings commenced, very few oi those w io had been invited and whose i Rules have been published had not arrived. Air. Brice, President of the Board of Trade, occupied lhe chair, and amongst those also present were Bhaw-Loievie, Sir J. Mibbert, Sir M. Hicks-Beach, Mr. Aluudella, and Air. Chaplin. ried t the age of 24 in 1847. Her husband was then a wild young fellow, and, before ye- rs and responsibi i y had sol bled him, their lile was rot altogether puacctul But lire Princess, who is very appro priately called the • GermanMis Glad stone, has devoted herself to smoothing her husband's path in lile, by Matching caietully over his health and comfort, and making hi home a haven of pbincms bismauck. re t, to which its might turn for peace amid tho stormr of politics. Hen was a home life, and though bc had great abilities she never took nuy part in public affairs. Of late years she had been a great sufferer, and once or twije recently she seemed at deaths door, But agtin nnd again, as soon as the great, st Sufferings were over, she was about again, ordering her household, preti ling at table, bright, uncomplaining, ever watchful. fr British and Irish Taxes. The Financial Relations Commission con tinued its sittings in Dublin on Thursday. Sir Joseph McKenna stated that the imposition oi the income tax on Ireland as a jiiidpi oqi o for the remission of certiin annuities had resulted in Ireland paying ten mill! mg more than the oipitvlised value of these annuities, The Government of Gic.t Britain had failed to carry out the Act of Union as it equalised the taxes of Iro.ai.d afid England without ascertaining whether the taxable capacity of the two countries was equal. MB. EDGAR MUBGRAVE. !fonr-wheel van, playing cottage piano. A companion, in a slouch hat, green goggles, aud a cape ' ulster, colleots the copper of the charitable. The piano bs.,r placard stating 'that lie has, through no rnisoenduct of hie 'oWn, lost aitates worth £2,000 a year. It appear that hn is the son of the Riv. George M. Mnsgrave, Loid of the Manor of Shilling-ton, Beds., grandson of Mr. George Mnsgrave, who was High Sheriff ot B ulfernslure In 1836, and nephew of Mr. Henry Maigrave, J.P., late of toe Langham Hotel. In 1862 Edgar married, succeeding his father at the Manor House. He wss a resident up to 1870. His mo.her was the daughter of Air. Alfred Oakrs, who died at Bombay. The widow came to the Manor House to live with the Musgrave family, and died there, and was interred in dhillington Churchyard. IVh in Edgar Alus-,jrhve left Shlllington they bad three chil dren, Horace, Philip, and Ethel. At this time they had a man living with them, who was known as the Spiritual Doctor, ard whose purpose was to recover Edgar Mus-grave's sight Ills wile has now lakun up her abide at the Alanor House. There is much •ympathy at Shitlington for Edgar Mnsgrave, who was for a time organist at Sliillingtou Church. He is about 63 years of age. At Cambridge Police Court on Thursday .John AleXtnder Rigby, of Cains College was fined £14 for ass wiring the police and damaging Eighty pounds of dynamite placed on a i be police c ill.-i i vo undergraduates were j to thaw at Hull, Canada, exploded fined fer attempting to rescau him. j killing three men and two schoolboys. Mr. Henry A. Jones' play The Afas-queraders was produced at the Empire I hvatre, New York, on Monday night with great success. There were no less than nine ails for the principals after the card scene. Return of tha Prince ot Wales. His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and hit Royal Highness tho Duke of York arrived at Charing Cross on their return from St. Petersburg on Thursday. The Royal party crossed from Dover in the well known steamer Calais-Douvres, but owing to a thick fog which prevailed in the Channel their steamer did not arrive at Dover until tweuty minutes after the scheduled time. The special Royal train whtoh Is always placed at the disposal of the Prince of Wales by Hie South Eastern Railway Company was in waiting. His Royal Highness was met at the pier by Sir Myles Fenton, the general manager of tho South' Eastern Railway Company, who travelled up in the same train. The Royal train left Do' er P.er at 10.47 and despite the thick fog which prevailed along the whols route it arrived at Charing Cross at 12.31, the journey only taking one minute iocgei than the officials had arranged. A consider able crowd had collected to await the arrival of tbe train, but only a privileged number were permitted on tbe platform. Among the first to arrive at tne station to meet tbe Prince was the Duke of Cambridge, wbo was followed a few minutes afterwards byH.RH. the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, wbo drove from Clarence House, not having been previously informed of the delay. Among the others on the platform were General Sir Charles Fraser, V.C., General Keith Fraser, Sir Michael Biddulph, General Dunn, Lieutenant of the Tower of London, General Sir Henry Havelock, Sir Francis de IVinton, and Sir Charles Just, tbe comptroller and equerry to the Duke of i'ork. As tbe Prince of Walee stepped from the saloon he wa3 warmly greeted by the Duke of Coburg f.nJ the Duke of Cambridge. Hie Royal Highues3 appeared to be in the best of health and not tha least fatigued by his trying journey. He wae wearing a short black overcoat with black fslt hat. The Duke of York, wearing a light grey ultter, also appeared extremely well. After talking a few moments with his brother the .Heir Apparent warmly shook hands with Sir M. Biddulph and General Fraser and the other military gentlemen who were on the platform. He then, accompanied by the Duke of York, entered the Royal carriage which was in waiting and drove to Marlborough Hou.c. As soon as his carriage entered the station yard the crowd outsice, which was mostly com posed of well-dressed gentlemen, raised a cheer, which his Royal llighncgj continually acknowledged by bowing from the carriage window. To thb Police.-Notice ha been esnt te the police in the longer market towns, respiting a fraud carried on by street vendors. As is well-known, tbe late extra-ordinary cures in this district have attracted idespread attention to the mdicine by which they were effected, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and it appears that street and market-place vendors have been detected fraudulently selling large quantities of loose pills Under Dr. Williams' name. It cannot be too widely known t.iatDr. Willifiros' Pills aie sold only in wioden boxes, enclosed in a pink wrapper, boaring the full name I r. Williams' Pills for Pale People, and also anything else offered, either by shopkeepers or others, as Dr. Williams' is i fraud h r the detection of which tho manu facturers will pay a cash roward. Should aay doubt exist, the best plan is to sond tho price iu stamps, without anything extra lor pestage 2s 94-or 13s 94 for six boxes to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46 llolborn-viaduct, Loudon J'he genuine pills are never sold loose, or by the dozau or huudred under any oironmslances, and no tradesman can pu t up the same formula as soma pretend Dr' Williams' Pink Pills are a proved cure for rheumatism, neuralgia, ataxy, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, Uo, They are not purgative, but rasters pais and sallow complsxt tins to health, and are a specific for female troubles, while in men thoy effect a radical cure in all cone from worry, overwork, or excess of any nature. Mr. James Weatherby was buried on Thursday in ths churchyard of the parish church at Walton-ou-Xhames. There was a very large attendance of friends, and the blinds of every house in Walton were .drawn down. The chief mourneis were Messrs, John Weatherby brother , John Weatherby eon , Miss Weatherby, Mr. aud Mrs. K. Weatherby. Messrs. C. T. Weatherby, J. H. Weatherby E. M. Weatherby, J. T. Weatherby, and W Weather by IZmMZcm-m? sst €i LIPTON'S DELICIOUS TEAS KSf HOHI'I is thfi siirht list iii tlieir upp'ri'ciutiou bv the public. ' easing popularity © R1 M o m If yru wish to enjoy a Cup of Tea that Excels Ail Others kr rs as mm ai' 1 4sy ■• rem • rKJari IE L ?rr s r e as C I Mi r f.'MY aw no 1 t tM SCCTI6M OF ! DT.D'S F5IS, CHICAGO. S3 31 SSL SE2 d HS? THE MOST POPULAR OF THEncing-lane, LONDON, E.C, Wholesale Tea IP '' ' ~ ~ •- ® -Proprietor of ihe following celebrated Tea and Ctffre Estates in Ceylon '•• ! TEA ard COFFTE LAND in Ceylon. CryUn Tea and Coffeebhippin ! xj. rt Stores Hare Street, Strand, Calcutta. Indian Offices Dalhousie Square, Calcutta. Tea and Oottee Sale Rooms Mincing-lane, LOND N, E.C. Wholesale Tea Blending and Duty Paid Stores Tdath-street 1 n-street, LONDON, F.C. Bonded and Export Stores, Peerless-street, LONDON, L.C. Coffee Roasting, Rleiuimg Stores, and Essence Manufactory, Old-street, LONDON, E.C. Wholesale and Exnort PrnvU • houses Nelson Place, LONDON, E.C. Fruit Preserve Factory Spa-road, Bermondsey, LONDON, S.E. GENERAL OFFICES BAT If-STREET, CITY-ROAD, LONdON, E.C. LOCAL BRANCOLS LARGEST BfiANCHES EVER 7 H EIIL EXETER 173, FORE-STREET. PLYMOUTH 24, BEOFORD-STREET. WORLD. SALE m ,A J ENTS IV H .ROUGH Ojjt, X ... 'T HE WORLD. . 3 0 . Oi ' Oii.
[OCR_aligned] EXETER FLYING POST, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1SH F- CVw 4 ftl m? THE PARi8H COUNCILS.@@@@ first Psrish-Meeting@ i@aaecordance @@@u tee Local Government Act of 1894 were i tbroof noat tbe country on Wednesday, •ving 1 particular@ relating to these @@@• is tbe West. The poll, where demanded@@@@@@ @ate place on the 18th instant, and the @@@@. meeting of the Connell wilt be held t@a 27th@ Where there@@@ no poll tbe first •tree i hied for the 13tb initant. AXXtNSTBB. . rte-oee nomination paper@ ware handed@@@ asd eventually a poll was demanded. ASHBURTON. @@I a Tucker presided, and there were @@@@,.ose candidate@ for @Sfteen seat , two @@@@@rawing@ A ebow of hand@ resulted a ,. W Irish, gentleman, 88 , G C Foot , £tnt. 32 J Honey will, labourer, 75 J @@ier. accountant, 85 White, china - at, 65 F Yale . merchant, 64 J P - it r merchant, 63 T IT Mann, coal -, ct.S5. 1 Laraason.brush manufacturer@ i,. dye. auctioneer, 49 P F Amsry-it'., 48 J H Foaden, contractor, 45@@ - -vertor. farmer,@44@ T Lamshead@.farmer, @C b @IVotten. baker, 34. A poll was ALMtlXGTON. -.R v@ E@ J. G. Dupuis proeided, and the , rc non-iaation were handed in @@@@.. Brewer, labourer William G Cole , ■ - G IV Dvmond, farmer W H Dadd, -r . G P Fitch, brewer James @@wi rg . farmer James Hitching , • F T Lorain, farmer W Leach, - r.. J London, shodnaker J W - K-istocaster C Marks, coachman - coachman J R R Mitchell, market @@@-e@rr H J Newberry, dairyman @@@• r. Perkin , builder John Pike, .I a c Richard , farmer A Smith, @@@@@. A J Scene , baker E Tucker, , -d viotnaller R White, farmer F @@@@t. , tanner and T K Wippell, tanner, • @@@• was taken, but a poll was demanded. RRADNISCH. .!. 1A veil piesided, and for twelve . ' @veaty-two nomination@ were handed in@@ @@@■ @as demanded. 11RAUNTOS. f -. lowing were nominated Messre. Clarke. Cano, Dyer, Ellicott, Harper Howard, Harlnoll, Johns, Lamprey@@@@@@, Mansion, Mason, Middleton, Palmer, ... Prim. Pngsley, Slee@.Snow, fiiuimons, - i noma , Webber, Yeo, and Itaac . . certain. BICXLSiGH. r Smart Hall presided. Fourteen @@@@@rate@ were nominated, nnd the following @@@@@@were elected @W T Baskerville, W G @@@@@• V F W Hawker. John King, J@@ B W@Cowling,@and G Cann. BOW. • presided. A show of hands was @t @@@@@. of Messrs@ Havcroft, Ponsfcr@@@d, Grant. Wreford, Powlesland, Howe, @@zd Bowden, buta@poll was demanded. rnURSTON FEE -JBS ■-VC Simpson. J.P., presided. eight vacancies to fid, and tbe show of @@@@. suited @n favour of Messrs Doble OMrieve, Pearce, Toros, Toms, and Missis Wairen and Gill being equal . _- ..r place The chairman gavd his @favour of the former. Mr Beer then @@.Aided a poll. kediton hamlets. the following were proposed and -William Tremiott, farmer, Holla-@@@@@@@Samuel Snell, farmer, Kcymeltord - i jon l. butcher, Yeoford William t unish. farmer, Blnneford and@@@@@@ Burnett, ltbourer, Holbtcombe. • -nv.s were nominated at Uookway,@@@@@@@ a show of hands the following four v cu. Henry kl. Mallett, 22 Daniel @. @@@@i@ i 21 Lewis Look, 20 Richard r.c. 1 -.0 ..rates we e elected as follow@ at 7 7. Poue Spencecombe , John s la'jcarcr !, and W. C. Milton post-@CULI.O UPTON. • M Kaiicy wa@ elected chairman, and j . . ou nominations had been handed @@@@@@. Messrs J F Baker, pnjier-4 FSBC 1 . 1 11 Barer, jeweller C B Kwens, It Farruni, vi-oman W Fore-, l r • for.'n.an Her G Forrester, V'car m t i M . rs M I Foster, chorai t A 1 ' ach builder W K Gillard, axle I ,• t Granger@ carpenter T P Grant, W Jb ■ JTT , -f Fee m M -W J A Gran, J.P. Billeirsdon v 'ivert-n-lane , mechanic in axle W @.1 Heard, postmaster E Labdon,@ E Lawrence. jon., farmer W A L tw-m -r F Leach, foreman in jitper H l.'.oyd. physician and surgeon T . c tchbullhcr C 1? Mackia, gentle-Mar.field, gentleman T Mitchell,@ ! Perkin , retired tin-plate worker n wsr.gent C Quick, porter J@ layne Barton t. farmer C Reynolds • and meiclient. J Sansoin, bi.ot, v sellvood. Tanner@ C Taylor, mason r tnasor, . . J Upcott, merchant @s @1'pcott, gsn.leu.an. 'lhe Rev G er Mr IV J A Grant, and Mr W wuh lrew Iron. nomination. Voting • . but a poll was demanded. DAWI.ISH. @@e v. ere nine members to be elected, but ■ rations were handed in. The show@@@ @@@@- resulted as follows @John@Oibson, @@@@@omss Scarl . 28 John Gopplestone 27 . .Ume lioisham, 27 Richard 74 . the Rev C K Francis Renthell, @i@@.am Waterfield. 22, William@ Adams, 15 John Carpenter, u ' Lee, 5 Colonel F F Lyster, @@0. rving demaiideii, the first nine red elected. KXM1NRTKK. Kekewich presided, and the following were banded in @Lewis Aggett, u. i , Henry Diew, Veauiore Cottage @@@r. .Maiford Home Fnrio William £. , View Cottages Rlouard Lee, .aim Join filler, tho Village iVracomhe John, Tuck. Kxe -gos J homas William Strong, I ilrmion Robert Trood, Matford I ipprll, barton Farm. TheCliairmau, interval declared these elected. HAAVITHRA. a large uieetiug at the Boys' !. Mr. Alderman Burch, J P., li e o ialr, and, alter a brief explain- j i iin- course o@ piocedure, united . ir.- to be sent in. Tnis was do.iC. , iinuaii declared that ail ihe tpersi ,1 with the exception ot that o -~h® Mr. John Capron, who was norsi-@■pt d as ,r District Councillor instead of a Pariah Councillor. On bearing tba announcement a shout of laughter went up, and Mr. Oapron coming forward said, .You bare not irononneed rightly. -The Chair@ man I don't nnderstanl yon. Yoq or lotnsoM else hara filled np the wrong nomina@ tion paper, and therefore I declare it invalid. -Mr, Capron I bow to yonr decision, Cheers and langhter. -The Chairman the@ informed the meeting that twenty-two nominations had been reoeived for fifteen seats.-Questions were then invited, and Mr. Wilson said be had a few te ask.-The Chair@ man 1 shall be 1 appy to put them, but don't let us have too much we don't want to •tay here until to-morrow morning.-The first Question by Mr. Wilson was Will you vote last all public meetings of tbe Parish Connells shall be held in the evening ? Hear, hear. Most of the candidates expressed themselves in favour of this. ~' r he •eeoad question was Will you vote for a parish reading room, a lectur@ and entertain@ ment ball, together with a recreation-ground for Hsavitret. One of the candidates @nid I will do all that, but the first thing I should like to see is the streets to be put in order. Mr. Battishill declined to pledge himself.-Colonel Vaugbao said the Council would only have tbe management of something like £300 a year if they wishad to spend more they bad to com@ to the parish meeting. -Mr. Evans wss in favouf of the proposal, but thought it should ,be brought before the ratepayer .-The third question was whether the Candi@ da es would vote for the working meu acquiring allotments within reasonable distances of their homes, and the price to be proportionate to that paid per acre by tenant farmers and dairymen. Tne majority of the candidates replied In the affirmative to ifii query, as also to one relating to whether the oha@nties of tbe pat ieh would oe thoroughly investigated and impartially admiuistered irrespective of party or creed. - The Chairman then took a show of hands for all the candidates. The result was@@W H Coombes, builder, 146 Rev 3 ri Berkeley, vicar, 134 Mr 11 Mill, juur, market gardener, 127 Eieutenaut-Caioncl Vaugban, 126 W Buruett, shoemaker, 111 A Brooking, gentleman, 110 VV J iiaUishill, solicitor, 104 V VY Evans, coal merchant, 104 6 Pennell, gentleman, 103 C H Bampfylde, iron founder's foremau, 101 J Adams, farmer, 98 J Melhuisb, bricklayer, 98 K Bnow, farmer, 98 C Sclater, nursery@ man, 93 K James, gardener, 92. 'Tlie followiini were unsuccesslul -Mr@G@Burridge 87 Mr P J Liddell@85 Mr A G Pyle 42 Mr@@ Haymab 5f Mr J Sampson 32 ltev T Woodcock 31, Rev G M Wilson 6.-The cbkiiman asked if anyone demanded a poll. Mr G Haviil demanded a poll on behalt ot tbe ltev G M W@nson, but he afterwards with@ drew. The chairman after wailing ten minutes without any demand@@ declared the foregoing 15 elected. They are the same gentlemen as were selected by the parish meeting except that Ur Buow takes the place of Mr Burridge. HIGHWKKK. Mr. W. Vicary was obairman. There were thirty - eight nomination papers handed in, five of were duplicated and two declared invalid.-A vote was taken in tbe rooni when the following were the first 12-J O@her 88 'TMeatiierdon, 75 I Vicary 72 1 Rodgers, 68 C S Vicary, 65 C Adams plumber , 63 -N Go s, 63 Rev Harris, 53 , iy 8 Pinsent, 51 G Irish, 60 M H Jurvi, 55 8 Mog@udge, 44 R t'ascoe, 44 A poll was demanded by ibe Rev S Lytie on belialf of Mr W L Shi@Uton, which was, how@ ever afterwards withdrawn, but a poll was then demanded on behalf ot Mr H 8 Stevens. IDE. Mr J K C Walkey, J.C@, was elected chair@ man. There are uine seats, and 25 nominations were halide! in us follows -Messrs J Braddon, J Blythe. IV C Chanuon, J Cauntet, W Cox gardener , W Cox baker , F C Gilpin, W Hale, E H Loye, H Milton, T Perkins, J I'iller, C W Ruddull, T Richards, W Satterly, j H Beane , K VYBoauei, Colonel IV Srnee, C Stone, J Tucker, J Tuckett, 11 Voysey, and E Wrigbt. On examination, Mr .7 Tucker was declared invalid, and there was one duplicate paper. A show of hands wr.s taken, nut a poll wus demanded. KINGSKtiBSWELI. A show of hands resulted as follows - E S Ford, 56 H J Crocker, 53 J Stook-. 52 1 Citei, 5i W Drew, 44 J Alisti ff, 41 l H Hicks, 38 S Hicks, 3f T WollaColt, 33 J Wollaoott, 33@ Fioyo, 33 R Frenuli, 32 @U A Loch, 30 U Fagan, 29 J J Wale, 25 B Lainbil.eul, 24 VV it Leader, 24 b Donuan, 24 J L Brown, 23 J Le-, tj a Ciiandh-r, 14 T Codiiar. 14 .1 11 Wilkinson,@12 J Bcvey 10, W B Jenkihs, 61 and J B Maun, 6. Mr a Chandler demanded a poll on belialf of the female voters. KING8TB1UNTON. There ware 100 hoaiinations handed in, in favour of 42 candidates for the 13 seats. A show of hutlds was taken, but a poll is demands J. lymMtonb. Colonel Birch was appointed chairman,@and 23 nomination papers were handed in, Inf these were reduced to 18. After voting a po@d was demanded. UAKKli In the Millbroofc Ward, the ll v. W 11 Mil'ett presiding, there were forty-three nominations lor eleven seats. A show ot hands wus taken, hut a poll was demanded. NEWTON ST. CYBE8, The following were elected @T Mai tinge farmer J Hallctl, labourer M Passmore, gentleman O Berry, farmer IV Coombe, miller G Har.oock, shoemaker J Parker, road contractor J Chudley, taller G Rowe, farmer, NOBTHTAWTON. Alderman Snell preti ied, and a show of hands was followed by a demand for a poll. NOBTHTA tVTON. There were 12 members to tie elected, and 23 nominations were hanled in. A poll was demanded. OKEI7AMPTON HAMLKTS@ Mr. C. Geen, J.P., was voted to the chair and n show of bunds resulted an follows @R Madge, H Geeii, E P Nortbey, Brown, John King, It Walter . C Carr. These were declared elected, a demand for a poll by Mr G Ellis being withdrawn. PII.TON BARNSTAPLE . Mr IV Fisher was voted to the chair, and following eight were elected @Messrs G tV F Brown solicitor ,@J Daniel briekmakor , A Galliford painter , William Go@@ mltltt . William H Harding wheelwright , Thomas Hoyles blacksmith , William Lemon mer@ chant , and E B Stcwell shoemaker , PINHOB. The following ware the selected candi@ dates @Davey,@working man Turner, farmer Carr, wine merchant Ford, working man Lake, farmer J. Elwortby, coal merchant Mills, working man D. Klworthy, market gardener J. Hartuoll, publican. A poll woe demanded. ' SAMPTORD PBVERIIL. Mr. J. Burrough presided, and after a show of iiands a poll was demanded. BOUTH BBBNT. Mr. T. Richards was appointed chairman, and thcrejwsr@otwsnty-nine nominations@ The Rev. J. R. Walker demanded a poll after a ehhow of bunds ad been declared. SANDPOBD. Mr. A F. Davie was voted to@the@ohair. Frr. eleven seats 23 were nominated, end a show, of liaads was followed by a deman@@d for a poll. ST. LEONABD, K.YKTEK. There are only three county ratepayers in the parish. Mr. F. Thomas presided, and Mr. Mitchell proposed the Rev. J. F. Sheldon as parish chairman. Mr. Sheldon seconded this himself, and the meeting ended. SHERWOOD. The following wore elected @A@ District Councillor, Mr George Toogood Parish Councillors-William Fry, mason Henry John Holman, smith YVilliam Melhuish, farmer James Harris Skiur er, farmer George Toogood, yeoman Philip Wheaton yeoman and . Henry Hugo Worthington, 'entleuiau. ST. BUDBAUX. Air. Henry Matthews ptesided, an! after a show of hands a poll whs demanded. TAVISTOCK. Mr. W@ E. Baker was voted to the chair. On a show of hands the voting vias @Friend 180, Wiuney 163, Cocks '61, Alford 150, ahepperd 142, Kyall 134, Squire 123 Foster. 121, Martin 121, Htgmaiilll, Gill 105. Harris 105, Ash 97. Mr. V. Matthews demanded a poll. T JBKINOTON. Mrs. Oliver, Mrs. H. Pope, Mr. J. Jackson. Mr. T. C pp, aad Mr. T. Lock were nominated No poll was demanded. TOPSHAM. Mr A@K Hamilton presided and aaid there had been 30 nomination papers sent in by Messrs L Alford, J Bartlett, B Bowden, T Chown, ti De isham. G Dickerson, Sir Dudley Duckworth-King@.F Wilis, C Ferris, VV J Good@ man E Gale, 11 Gubb, A K Hamilton, S Flood T E Hopewell, W@ Lux ton, G May, G Mudge, G Murphy, L' H Periatu. K Pollard, G Pons-@lord, G Pvne, W Potter, E Sannford K Tapley, E T rout, J Tuckett, F Underhill, N Wannell. A show of hands was taken, but a poll was demanded. POLLS DEMANDED. Polls were demanded, among other places, at Buckland Monxchorunj, L'oombeintcign-@head, Egg Buckland, Ermimrton, Kingswear, Upton Pyno, Willand. br. A D m TOJV' 3-i LL Eaton H a I i. cywa f rfE- f Eaton Hall, where is lo take place the marriage between Prince Anolphus of Teck and Lady Alargaret Grosvenor, daughter of the Duke of Westminster, is some four miles from Chester, in the midst of the lovely Dee-@side scenery. It is an estato that came into the possession of the Grosvenors in the fifteenth century, by the marriage of Rsufe de Grosvenor witli Joan, the daughter and heiiesg of John Eaton. Tho family have always been lucky iu love, foi the great Pimlico jroperty, which now brings in enor@ mous sums to tho Duke, and will ete long return still more, was the marriage portion of Mary liavieU, daughter of one Alexander Davies, of Elro@m Manor, Middlesex. Het son, Sir Robert Groeveror, lived at Peterborough House, on a site which has since been occu@ pied by Slillbaok Prison, and is now vacant. It bad belonged, to ihe Mordaunts, Earls of Peterborough, and the last of them, the eccenf lo noblencan who had so romantic a career in Spain, sold it to the Grosveuurs, who rebuilt it in 1735. Eaton Hall, as it sow exists, is practically the third of its name. The first was built iu the reign of William 111., the next in 1803. In 1845 this one was greatly altered, and in 1869 it was practically rebuilt. The work took some five year , ami the result is an edifice in tbe Domestic Gothic Style, one of the most palatial in England. The chapel where tbe marriage takes p@J n has a tower higher than any other in the neighbourhood. One of the most oharming apartments in connection with tho hall is tb2 tea-house, a summer retreat which is orna@ mented with paintings on marble by Mr. H. S. Marks. The artist has depicten the Seven Ages of Man, tho signy of the Zodiac, and various designs taken from an'eial life. The pillars are of oak grown on the estate, and the floor of parquetrie-verily ''a lordly pleasure-house. ' These things may well be found at the Duke's dwelling@ for lie is no .doubt the riuhest man in England. He owns 20,00j acres of agricultural land besides his splendid Btlgravian estate. . A Jrwtefi Envoy M. My re do Viler , who has jaet arrived at SFamatarr , after tlso refusal of the ItaUgaey Government to accede to his de DMtnds at Antan@ anarivo, it familiar with the state of ,-ffeirs iu Aladogas-@car. He wss French Resident there seven years ago, @sd had many diple-itic struggle -with that little old man of 67, the Prime Minieter, who be found a very subtle diplomatist. M. de Vilers has not much snavity, but he has a good deal o f determination, end be and the Premier were pretty well matched. On one occasion tbe If. BE VILERS. Resident hauled down the French flag at the capita , in order to try to frighten the Malagasy into agreeing te his policy@ Ha wai, last year, the French ager.t who extorted such stringent terms from the King of Siam, and it was his s@cenes there that- decided the French Government to send him out a@ special envoy to Madagascar, in order to bully or cajole the Preoaicr into submission. Asthma Can Be Cured. A Startling Statement. Asthma has long been classed amongst tho incurable diseases. It has buffled the greatest skill of the medical profession. On the other I aad it is remarkable that doctors should for so long a time have clung to a wholly in@ efficient method of treating it, Asthma is a spasmodic affection of the bronchia! tubes of tho lungs, and the usual course of treatment calls @or@theouiployment of various nauseating drags which are taken in the stomach. Medicine so takeii may in course of time reach the lungs nno have a slight, effect, just as. everything taken in the stomach finally icts in some dtgree upon every part of the system, but ihe number of failures to cure Asthma in this nav demonstrates too clearly that such treatment is a mistaken one. The only true treatment of Asthma is by inhalation, lly this means the remedy at oucj reaches the iohI seat of trouble. Within a comparatively recent period. Dr. U. 8chiffmami, who has made the treatment of Asthma, and kindred complaints die study of a lifetime, ha@ pre@ pared a remedy known as Ncbiffman's Asthma Cure. With this remedy there is no waiting for results. Being inhaled it acts directly upon the mucous membrane of ihe air passages,@relieving the spasm and Centre in. s instantaneously, facilitating irec expectora@ tion, and insuring comfortably rest to those otherwise umu.de to sleep except in a chair, Briefly, @u eff. cts cities where medicine have iailed. The great confidence of the pro@ prietor in his remedy will be r.aiily appre@ ciate 1 when he requests as he now uoes the publisher ot this paper to n a to public announcement of the lollowing . fi'er. He will refund the money to @ny person who, having purchased a psekago of his chemist, finds on giving it a fair trial that it ooes not no ns claimed for i . Most chemists have i . i sale in two i-i .es, retailing at 2@ 6d and 4' 6 I per package, or should any ohaniist not mini it or decline to order it for a sufferer, a pannage will be sent, post fiee, on receipt of @me amount by Dr. It. schiffmann U 8. , 34, H.J., Gray's Inn Il iad, London, W.Cl. A most convincing list of testimonials uuu pamphlets will be sent free to any uddu-ss. Mr. Trevor Battye. Mr. Trevot Battye, who has just turned up none the worse for his position on the Arctic Kolguev Island, is the son of the Rev. W. W. Battye, the teotor of Hever, near Edehbridge, in Kent@ At Oxford he was noted for re@ establishing, after an interval of 150 years, a hawking club. When he left college he did a lot of work for tbe Field on fishing, hunting,@and natural history, and in 1891 he became editor of the Pictorial H'orltl. Last, year be formed a desire to explore Kolguev Island, MB. tbevor battyk. chiefly because no one had done so already. Ho and a friend engaged a steam y-cht, the Saxon, manned by a crew of Scotch whalers, which landed him on the island with six weeks' provisions. The ice closed up, and the Saxon was unable to get back at the appointed time to pick him up. For a few weeks there was considerable anxiety among his@fiiends, but he was brought to Europe by some Samoyedes. A Plucky Girl. An inquest was hold at Dover on Wednes day evening on the body of a@young woman named talley, wife of a Folkestone trades@ man. who cut her throat, severing arteries and dividing the larynx. A verdict of suicide during temporary insanity was returned The Coroner commended tbe younger sister of th@ deceased, aged 16, for her courage in entering the room by a tedder when three men refused to do so. A Blind Pianist. A Statesman's Wife. Princess Bismarck, who died last week at Vaizin, was the daughter of a Pomeranian grandee, who mar-It is rot long ago since Viscount Hintou, tbe eldest son of Karl Poalett. aroused some iateresi by starting as an organ grinder. Another of these aristocratic musicians is depicted in our artist's sketch, Mr. Edgar Mn -crave, a blind gentleman, who was at fiist rumoured to be the son of a baronet. He has been round tbe West-end lately, seated in a . Jk V W w Tho Light Railways Conference. The Conference on light railways, which was convened by the Board of Trade, opened on Thursday at Wliiieba@U. By the time the proceedings commenced, very few oi those w io had been invited and whose i Rules have been published had not arrived. Air. Brice, President of the Board of Trade, occupied lhe chair, and amongst those also present were Bhaw-Loievie, Sir J. Mibbert, Sir M. Hicks-Beach, Mr. Aluudella, and Air. Chaplin. ried @t the age of 24 in 1847. Her husband was then a wild young fellow, and, before ye- rs and responsibi i y had sol bled him, their lile was rot altogether puacctul But lire Princess, who is very appro@ priately called the • German@Mis Glad@ stone, has devoted herself to smoothing her husband's path in lile, by Matching caietully over his health and comfort, and making hi@ home a haven of pbincms bismauck. re t, to which its might turn for peace amid tho stormr of politics. He@n was a home life, and though @bc had great abilities she never took nuy part in public affairs. Of late years she had been a great sufferer, and once or twije recently she seemed at death@s door, But agtin nnd again, as soon as the great, st Sufferings were over, she was about again, ordering her household, preti ling at table, bright, uncomplaining, ever watchful. fr British and Irish Taxes. The Financial Relations Commission con@ tinued its sittings in Dublin on Thursday. Sir Joseph McKenna stated that the imposition oi the income tax on Ireland as a jiiidpi oqi o for the remission of certiin annuities had resulted in Ireland paying ten mill! mg more than the oipitvlised value of these annuities, The Government of Gic.t Britain had failed to carry out the Act of Union as it equalised the taxes of Iro.ai.d afid England without ascertaining whether the taxable capacity of the two countries was equal. MB. EDGAR MUBGRAVE. !fonr-wheel van, playing@@ cottage piano. A companion, in a slouch hat, green goggles, aud a cape ' ulster, colleots the copper@ of the charitable. The piano b@@s.,r placard stating 'that lie has, through no rnisoenduct of hie 'oWn, lost aitates worth £2,000 a year. It appear@ that hn is the son of the Riv. George M. Mnsgrave, Loid of the Manor of Shilling-@ton, Beds., grandson of Mr. George Mnsgrave, who was High Sheriff ot B ulfernslure In 1836, and nephew of Mr. Henry Maigrave, J.P., late of toe Langham Hotel. In 1862 Edgar married, succeeding his father at the Manor House. He wss a resident up to 1870. His mo.her was the daughter of Air. Alfred Oakrs, who died at Bombay. The widow came to the Manor House to live with the Musgrave family, and died there, and was interred in dhillington Churchyard. IVh in Edgar Alus-,jrhve left Shlllington they bad three chil@ dren, Horace, Philip, and Ethel. At this time they had a man living with them, who was known as the Spiritual Doctor, ard whose purpose was to recover Edgar Mus-@grave's sight Ills wile has now lakun up her abide at the Alanor House. There is much •ympathy at Shitlington for Edgar Mnsgrave, who was for a time organist at Sliillingtou Church. He is about 63 years of age. At Cambridge Police Court on Thursday .John AleXtnder Rigby, of Cains College@ was fined £14 for ass wiring the police and damaging Eighty pounds of dynamite placed on a i be police c ill.-i i vo undergraduates were j to thaw at Hull, Canada, exploded fined fer attempting to rescau him. j killing three men and two schoolboys. Mr. Henry A. Jones' play The Afas-@queraders was produced at the Empire I hvatre, New York, on Monday night with great success. There were no less than nine ails for the principals after the card scene. Return of tha Prince ot Wales. His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and hit Royal Highness tho Duke of York arrived at Charing Cross on their return from St. Petersburg on Thursday. The Royal party crossed from Dover in the well known steamer Calais-Douvres, but owing to a thick fog which prevailed in the Channel their steamer did not arrive at Dover until tweuty minutes after the scheduled time. The special Royal train whtoh Is always placed at the disposal of the Prince of Wales by Hie South Eastern Railway Company was in waiting. His Royal Highness was met at the pier by Sir Myles Fenton, the general manager of tho South' Eastern Railway Company, who travelled up in the same train. The Royal train left Do' er P.er at 10.47 and despite the thick fog which prevailed along the whols route it arrived at Charing Cross at 12.31, the journey only taking one minute iocgei than the officials had arranged. A consider@ able crowd had collected to await the arrival of tbe train, but only a privileged number were permitted on tbe platform. Among the first to arrive at tne station to meet tbe Prince was the Duke of Cambridge, wbo was followed a few minutes afterwards by@H.R@H. the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, wbo drove from Clarence House, not having been previously informed of the delay. Among the others on the platform were General Sir Charles Fraser, V.C., General Keith Fraser, Sir Michael Biddulph, General Dunn, Lieutenant of the Tower of London, General Sir Henry Havelock, Sir Francis de IVinton, and Sir Charles Just, tbe comptroller and equerry to the Duke of i'ork. As tbe Prince of Walee stepped from the saloon he wa3 warmly greeted by the Duke of Coburg f.nJ the Duke of Cambridge. Hie Royal Highues3 appeared to be in the best of health and not tha least fatigued by his trying journey. He wae wearing a short black overcoat with black fslt hat. The Duke of York, wearing a light grey ultter, also appeared extremely well. After talking a few moments with his brother the .Heir Apparent warmly shook hands with Sir M. Biddulph and General Fraser and the other military gentlemen who were on the platform. He then, accompanied by the Duke of York, entered the Royal carriage which was in waiting and drove to Marlborough Hou.c. As soon as his carriage entered the station yard the crowd outsice, which was mostly com@ posed of well-dressed gentlemen, raised a cheer, which his Royal llighncgj continually acknowledged by bowing from the carriage window. To thb Police.-Notice ha@ been esnt te the police in the longer market towns, resp@iting a fraud carried on by street vendors. As is well-known, tbe late extra-@ordinary cures in this district have attracted @idespread attention to the m@dicine by which they were effected, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and it appears that street and market-place vendors have been detected fraudulently selling large quantities of loose pills Under Dr. Williams' name. It cannot be too widely known t.iat@Dr. Willifiros' Pills aie sold only in wioden boxes, enclosed in a pink wrapper, boaring the full name I r. Williams' Pills for Pale People, and also anything else offered, either by shopkeepers or others, as Dr. Williams' is i fraud h r the detection of which tho manu@ facturers will pay a cash roward. Should aay doubt exist, the best plan is to sond tho price iu stamps, without anything extra lor pestage 2s 94-or 13s 94 for six boxes to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46 llolborn-@viaduct, Loudon J'he genuine pills are never sold loose, or by the dozau or huudred under any oironmslances, and no tradesman can pu t up the same formula as soma pretend Dr' Williams' Pink Pills are a proved cure for rheumatism, neuralgia, ataxy, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, scrofula, chronic erysipelas, Uo, They are not purgative, but rasters pais and sallow complsxt tins to health, and are a specific for female troubles, while in men thoy effect a radical cure in all c@one from worry, over@work, or excess of any nature. Mr. James Weatherby was buried on Thursday in ths churchyard of the parish church at Walton-ou-Xhames. There was a very large attendance of friends, and the blinds of every house in Walton were .drawn down. The chief mourneis were Messrs, John Weatherby brother , John Weatherby eon , Miss Weatherby, Mr. aud Mrs. K. Weatherby. Messrs. C. T. Weatherby, J. H. Weatherby E. M. Weatherby, J. T. Weatherby, and W Weather by IZmMZcm-m? sst €i LIPTON'S DELICIOUS TEAS KSf HOHI'I is thfi siirht list iii tlieir upp'ri'ciutiou bv the public. ' easing popularity © R1 M o m If yru wish to enjoy a Cup of Tea that Excels Ail Others kr rs as mm ai' 1 4sy ■• rem • rKJari IE L ?rr s r e as C I Mi r f.'MY aw no 1 t tM SCCTI6M OF ! DT.D'S F5IS, CHICAGO. S3 31 SSL SE2 d HS? THE MOST POPULAR OF THEncing-lane, LONDON, E.C, Wholesale Tea IP '' ' ~ ~ •- ® -Proprietor of ihe following celebrated Tea and Ctffre Estates in Ceylon '•• ! TEA ard COFFTE LAND in Ceylon. CryUn Tea and Coffeebhippin ! xj. rt Stores Hare Street, Strand, Calcutta. Indian Offices Dalhousie Square, Calcutta. Tea and Oottee Sale Rooms Mincing-lane, LOND N, E.C. Wholesale Tea Blending and Duty Paid Stores Tdath-street @@1 @@@@@n-street, LONDON, F.C. Bonded and Export Stores, Peerless-street, LONDON, L.C. Coffee Roasting, Rleiuimg Stores, and Essence Manufactory, Old-street, LONDON, E.C. Wholesale and Exnort PrnvU • houses Nelson Place, LONDON, E.C. Fruit Preserve Factory Spa-road, Bermondsey, LONDON, S.E. GENERAL OFFICES BAT If-STREET, CITY-ROAD, LONdON, E.C. LOCAL BRANCOLS LARGEST BfiANCHES EVER 7 H EIIL EXETER 173, FORE-STREET. PLYMOUTH 24, BEOFORD-STREET. WORLD. SALE m ,A J ENTS IV H .ROUGH Ojjt, X ... 'T HE WORLD. . 3 0 . Oi ' Oii.
[ GS_aligned] ######################################################################## COUNCILS. The first Parish Meetings in accordance with the Local Government Act of 1894 were ############# the country on Wednesday. ####### particulars relating to those held in the West. The poll, where demanded, will take place on the 18th instant, and the first meeting of the Council will be held the 27th. Where there is no poll the first ############ for the 13th instant. #################### nomination papers were handed in and eventually a poll was demanded. ASHBURTON. Major Tucker presided, and there were forty-one candidates for fifteen seats. two withdrawing. A show of hands resulted ###### Irish, gentleman, 88@@ G C ############ 82 J Honey will, labourer, 75 J Baker, accountant, 65 White, china ########## Yates, merchant, 64 J P ###### merchant, 63 T @W Mann, coal #################### brush manufacturer ######### auctioneer, 49 P F ########### 48 J H Foaden, contractor, 45 W T Smerdon, farmer, 44, T Lamshead, farmer, 42 C S Wotton, baker, 34. A poll was ############# Rev. E. J. G. Dupuis presided, and #################### were handed in -James Brower, labourer William G Coles, ######## Dymond, farmer W H Dadd, #### G P Finch, brewer James Hawkings, farmer James Hitchings, ############# farmer W Leach ######## Lendon, ######### J ################ C Marks, ################### J R R Mitchell, market gardener R J Newberry, dairyman William Perkins, builder John ############ Richards, farmer A Smith, joiner A J Scanes, baker E Tucker, ############### R White, farmer F Wippell, tanner and T R Wippell, tanner. A vote was taken, but a poll was demanded. BRADNINCH. ########### presided, and for twelve ### twenty-two nominations were handed in A poll was demanded. ############ following were nominated ############### Cann, Dyer, Ellicott, ############## Hartnoll, Johns, Lamprey, Lane, Manaton, Mason, Middleton, Palmer, ######### Pugsley, Slee, Snow, ##################### Webber, Yeo, and ######### certain. ################## Hall presided. Fourteen candidates were nominated, and the following seven were elected -W T Baskerville, W G Halls, F F W Hawker. John King, J B ### Cowling, and G Cann. ################ A show of hands was in favour ## Messrs, Havcroft, Ponsford, ######### Wreford, Powlesland, Howe,  and Bowden, buta poll was demanded. CHURSTON ############# Simpson, J.P., presided. ##### vacancies to fid, and the show of hands ###### in favour of Messrs ############## Pearce, To@ms, Toms, and Messrs Warren and Gill being equal ############## The chairman gave #### favour of the former. Mr Beer then demanded a ########################## following were proposed and -William Tremlett, farmer, Holla- combe Samuel Snell, farmer, ##################### butcher, Yeoford William ######## farmer, Binneford and James Burnett, labourer, ################### were nominated at Hookway, and on a show of hands the following four ########### @M. Mallett, 22 Daniel M. Norrish, 21 Lewis Lock, 20 Richard ################## were elected as follows ####### #### Spencecombe , John ########### @, and W. C. Milton post- ################# Rutley was elected chairman, and ######## nominations had been handed follows ###### J P Baker, ############################# jeweller C B Ewens,  R ######## @yeoman W ###################### Rev G Forrester, ################## M T Foster, ################## builder W E Gillard, axle #### C Granger, carpenter T P ################################# J A Gran, J.P. ########################### , mechanic in axle # W J Heard, postmaster E Labdon,  E Lawrence, jun., farmer W A ######### F Leach, foreman in ################# physician and surgeon ################ C @R Mackia, ################# gentleman T Mitchell, ########### retired tin-plate ################# C Quick, porter J  Hayne Barton @, farmer C Reynolds ################ J Sansoin, ################## Tanner, C Taylor, mason W ######### C J Upcott, merchant  J S ####### gentle@man. @The ########### @W J A Grant, and Mr W ############## nomination. Voting ####### a poll was demanded. DAW@LISH. There were nine members to be elected, but ######### were handed in. The show of hands resulted as follows -John Gibson, 28 Thomas Scarle, 28 John ############################### 27 Richard ######## Rev C F Francis Benthell, William Waterfields 23, #######  Adams, 15 John Carpenter, ######## 5 Colonel F F Lyster, poll ################# the first ######## elected. ########## Kekewich presided, and the ############## handed in -Lewis Aggett, ############ Drew, Pea@more Cottage Dyer, @Matford Home Far@m ################# Cottages Richard ############## Miller, the ################# John@ fuck. ################ William Strong, # Brenton Robert Trood, Matford @Wippell, Barton Farm. The ################## declared these elected. ################## @meeting at the ############ Alderman Burch, J P., @the @chair, and, after a brief ######################## of procedure, ################ be sent in. This was ################ declared that all the ######### with the exception of that o@ther Mr. John Capron, who was no@mi- nated as @a District Councillor instead of a Parish Couucillor. On hearing the announcement a shout of laughter went up, and Mr. Capron coming forward said, @You have not pronounced rightly. -The Chair- man I don't understand you. You or someone else have filled up the wrong nomina- tion paper, and therefore I declare it invalid. -Mr. Capron I bow to your decision. Cheers and laughter. -The Chairman then informed the meeting that twenty-two nominations had been received for fifteen seats.-Questions were then invited, and Mr. Wilson said he had a few to ask.-The Chair- man I shall be @happy to put them, but don't let us have too much we don't want to stay here until to-morrow morning.-The first question by Mr. Wilson was Will you vote that all public meetings of the Parish Councils shall be held in the evening@? Hear, hear. Most of the candidates expressed themselves in favour of this.@@@ -The second question was Will you vote for a parish reading room, a lecture and entertain- ment hall, together with a recreation-ground for Heavitree. One of the candidates said I will do all that, but the first thing I should like to see is the streets to be put in order. Mr. Battishill declined to pledge himself.-Colonel Vaughan said the Council would only have the management of something like £300 a year if they wished to spend more they had to come to the parish meeting. -Mr. Evans was in favour of the proposal, but thought it should ,be brought before the ratepayers.-The third question was whether the candi- da es would vote for the working men acquiring allotments within reasonable distances of their homes, and the price to be proportionate to that paid per acre by tenant farmers and dairymen. The majority of the candidates replied in the affirmative to this query, as also so one relating to whether the charities of the pa@rish would be thoroughly investigated and impartially administered irrespective of party or creed. -@The Chairman then took a show of hands for all the candidates. The result was -W H Coombes, builder, 146 Rev S @H Berkeley, vicar, 134 Mr @H Hill, junr, market gardener, 127 Lieutenant-Colonel Vaughan, 126 W Burnett, shoemaker, 111 A Brooking, gentleman, 110, W J Battishill, solicitor, 104 W @W Evans, coal merchant, 104 G Pennell, gentleman, 103 C H Bampfylde, iron founder's foreman, 101 J Adams, farmer, 98 J Melhuisb. bricklayer, 98 R Snow, farmer, 96 C Sclater, nursery- man, 93 R James, gardener, 92. @T@he follow@ing were unsuccessful -Mr G Burridge 87 Mr P J Liddell 85 Mr A G Pyle 42 Mr J Hayman 37 Mr J Sampson 32 @Rev T Woodcock 31, Rev G M Wilson 6.-The chairman asked if anyone demanded a poll. Mr G Havill demanded a poll on behalf of the @Rev G M Wilson, but he afterwards with- drew. The chairman after waiting ten minutes without any demanded declared the foregoing 15 elected. They are the same gentlemen as were selected by the parish meeting except that Mr Snow takes the place of Mr Burridge. HIGHWEEK. Mr. W. Vicary was chairman. There were thirty - eight nomination papers handed in, five of were duplicated and two declared invalid.-A vote was taken in the roo@m when the following were the first 12-J Olver 88 T Meat@herdon, 75 I Vicary 72 I Rodgers, 68 C S Vicary, 65 C Adams plumber , 63 @N Goss, 63 Rev Harris, 53@, @W S Pinsent, 51 G Irish, 50 M H Jarvis 55 S Mogridge, 44 R @Pascoe, 44 A poll was demanded by the Rev S Ly@ne on be@half of Mr W L Shilston, which was, how- ever afterwards withdrawn, but a poll was then demanded on behalf of Mr R S Stevens. IDE. Mr J E C Walkey, J.C , was elected chair- man. There are nine seats, and 25 nominations were ha@nded in as follows -Messrs J Braddon, J Blythe, @W C Channon, J Caunter, W Cox gardener . W Cox baker , F C Gilpin, W Hale, E H Loye, H Milton, T Perkins, J @Piller, C W Ruddall, T Richards, W Satterly, J H ################### Colonel @W S@mee, C Stone, J Tucker, J Tuckett, @E Voysey, and E Wright. On examination, Mr @J Tucker was declarod invalid, and there was one duplicate paper. A show of hands w@as taken, but a poll was demanded. KINGSK@ERSWELL. A show of hands resulted as follows -@E S Ford, 56 H J Crocker, 53 J Stooke, 52 D Cate@r 51 W Drew, 44 J Alist@aff, 41 I H Hicks, 38 S Hicks, 37 T Wollaco@tt 33 J Wollacott, 33, Floyd, 32 R Fren@ch, 32 E, A Loch, 30 G Fagan, 29 J J Wale, 25 S ################## @H Leader, 24 S Dorman, 24 J L Brown, 23 J Lee, 16 A C@handler, 14 T Cod@ner, 14 @J @H Wilkinson, 12 J Bovey 10, W B Jenkins, 6@ and J B Mann, 6. Mr A Chandler demanded a poll on be@half of the female voters. KINGSTEIGNTON. There were 100 no@minations handed in, in favour of 42 candidates for the 13 seats. A show of h@ands was taken, but a poll is ############################ Birch was appointed chairman, and 23 nomination papers were handed in, ### these were reduced to 18. After voting a poll was demanded. MAKER. In the Millbroo@k Ward. the @Rev. W @H Millett presiding, there were forty-three nominations for eleven seats. A show of hands was taken, but a poll was demanded. NEWTON ST. CYBES. The following were elected -T Ba@ttinge farmer J Hallett, labourer M Passmore, gentleman G Berry, farmer @W Coombe, miller G Ha@ncock, shoemaker J Parker, road contractor J Chudley, tailor G Rowe, farmer. NORTHTAWTON. Alderman Snell presi@ded, and a show of hands was followed by a demand for a poll. NORTHTA@@WTON. There were 12 members to @be elected, and 23 nominations were handed in. A poll was demanded. OKE@HAMPTON HAMLKTS. Mr. C. Geen, J.P., was voted to the chair and a show of hands resulted as follows -R Madge, H Gee@n, E P Northey, Brown, John King, @R Walters, C Carr. There were declared elected, a demand for a poll by Mr G Ellis being withdrawn. PI@LTON BARNSTAPLE . Mr @W Fisher was voted to the chair, and following eight were elected -Messrs G @W F Brown solicitor , J Daniel briekmaker , A Galliford painter , William Goss miller , William H Harding wheelwright , Thomas Hoyles blacksmith , William Lemon mer- chant , and E B Stowell shoemaker . PINHOE. The following were the selected candi- dates -Davey, working man Turner, farmer Carr, wine merchant Ford, working man Lake, farmer J. Elworthy, coal merchant Mills, working man D. Elworthy, market gardener J. Hartnoll, publican. A poll was demanded.@@ SAMPFORD PEVERILL. Mr. J. Burrough presided, and after a show of @hands a poll was demanded. SOUTH BRENT. Mr. T. Richards was appointed chairman, and there were twenty-nine nominations. The Rev. J. R. Walker demanded a poll after a shhow of hands ad been declared. SANDFORD. Mr. A F. Davie was voted to the chair. For. eleven seats 23 were nominated, and a show. of @hands was followed by a demanded for a poll. ST. LEONARD, @EXETER. There are only three county ratepayers in the parish. Mr. F. Thomas presided, and Mr. Mitchell proposed the Rev. J. F. Sheldon as parish chairman. Mr. Sheldon seconded this himself, and the meeting ended. SHERWOOD. The following were elected -As District Councillor, Mr George Toogood Parish Councillors-William Fry, mason Henry John Holman, smith @William Melhuish, farmer James Harris Ski@nner, farmer George Toogood, yeoman Philip Wheaton yeoman and@@ Henry Hugo Worthington, gentle@man. ST. BUDKAUX. @Mr. Henry Matthews presided, and after a show of hands a poll was demanded. TAVISTOCK. Mr. W. E. Baker was voted to the chair. On a show of hands the voting @was -Friend 180, Winney 163, Cocks 161, Alford 150, Shepperd 142, Ryall 134, Squire 123 Foster. 121, Martin 121, Higmau 111, Gill 105, Harris 105, Ash 97. Mr. W. Matthews demanded a poll. T@ORRINGTON. Mrs. Oliver, Mrs. H. Pope, Mr. J. Jackson. Mr. T. Copp, and Mr. T. Lock were nominated No poll was demanded. TOPSHAM. Mr A K Hamilton presided and said there had been 30 nomination papers sent in by Messrs L Alford, J Bartlett, B Bowden, T Chown, @G De@nsham, G Dickerson, Sir Dudley Duckworth-King, F Ellis, C Ferris, @W J Good- man E Gale, @H Gubb, A K Hamilton, S Flood T E Hopewell, W. Lux@ton, G May, G Mudge, G Murphy, @T H Peria@m, R Pollard, G Pons- ford, G Pyne, W Potter, E Sandford R Tapley, E T@rout, J Tuckett, F Underhill, N Wannell. A show of hands was taken, but a poll was demanded. POLIS DEMANDED. Polls were demanded, among other places, at Buckland Monachoru@m, @Coombeinteign- head, Egg Buckland, Ermington, Kingswear, Upton Pyne, ################################################################## Hall, where is to take place the marriage between Prince Adolphus of Teck and Lady @Margaret Grosvenor, daughter of the Duke of Westminster, is some four miles from Chester, in the midst of the lovely Dec- side scenery. It is an estate that came into the possession of the Grosvenors in the fifteenth century, by the marriage of Raufe de Grosvenor wit@h Joan, the daughter and heiress of John Eaton. The family have always been lucky in love, for the great Pimlico property, which now brings in enor- mous sums to the Duke, and will ere long return still more, was the marriage portion of Mary @Davies, daughter of one Alexander Davies, of Elrond Manor, Middlesex. Her son, Sir Robert Grosvenor, lived at Peterborough House, on a site which has since been occu- pied by @Millbank Prison, and is now vacant. It had belonged@ to the Mordaunts, Earls of Peterborough, and the last of them, the eccant ## noble@man who had so romantic a career in Spain, sold it to the Grosvenors, who rebuild it is 1735. Eaton Hall, as it now exists, is practically the third of its name. The first was built in the reign of William III., the next in 1803. In 1845 this one was greatly altered, and in 1869 it was practically rebuilt. The work took some five years, and the result is an edifice in the Domestic Gothic Style, one of the most palatial in England. The chapel where the marriage takes place has a tower higher than any other in the neighbourhood. One of the most charming apartments in connection with the hall is the tea-house, a summer retreat which is orna- mented with paintings on marble by Mr. H. S. Marks. The artist has depicted the Seven Ages of Man, the signs of the Zodiac, and various designs taken from an@imal life. The pillars are of oak grown on the estate, and the floor of parquetrie-verily @@a lordly pleasure-house. @@These things may well be found at the Duke's dwelling, for @he is no @doubt the richest man in England. He owns 20,000 acres of agricultural land besides his splendid Belgravian estate. ##################################### who has just ############################################################################## to his de- mands at Antan- anarivo, is familiar with the state of @affairs in @Madagas- car. He was French Resident there seven years ago, and had many diple-atic struggles with that little old man of 67, the Prime Minister, who he found a very subtle diplomatist. M. de Vilers has not much suavity, but he has a good deal o@f determination, and he and the Premier were pretty well matched. On one occasion ########################### hauled down the French flag at the capital, in order to try to frighten the Malagasy into agreeing to his policy. He was, last year, the French age@nt who extorted such stringent terms from the King of Siam, and it was his success there that@ decided the French Government to send him out as special envoy to Madagascar, in order to bully or cajole the Pre@mier into submission. ########################################### Asthma has long been classed amongst the incurable diseases. It has baffled the greatest skill of the medical profession. On the other @haad it is remarkable that doctors should for so long a time have clung to a wholly in- efficient method of treating it. Asthma is a spasmodic affection of the bronchial tubes of the lungs, and the usual course of treatment calls for the employment of various nauseating drugs which are taken in the stomach. Medicine so take@n may in course of time reach the lungs and have a slight@ effect, just as@ everything taken in the stomach finally acts in some degree upon every part of the system, but the number of failures to cure Asthma in this way demonstrates too clearly that such treatment is a mistaken one. The only true treatment of Asthma is by inhalation. @By this means the remedy at once reaches the real seat of trouble. Within a comparatively recent period. Dr. R. Schiffmann, who has made the treatment of Asthma, and kindred complaints the study of a lifetime, has pre- pared a remedy known as Schiffman's Asthma Cure. With this remedy there is no waiting for results. Being inhaled it acts directly upon the mucous membrane of the air passages, relieving the spasm and contractions instantaneously, facilitating free expectora- tion, and insuring comfortable rest to those otherwise unable to sleep except in a chair. Briefly, it eff@ects c@ures where medicine have failed. The great confidence of the pro- prietor in his remedy will be ####### appre- clate I when he requests as he now does the publisher of this paper to @ma@ke public announcement of the following @of@fer. He will refund the money to any person who, having purchased a package of his chemist, finds on giving it a fair trial that it does not do as claimed for it. Most chemists have in on sale in two @si@zes, retailing at 2s 6d and ## ### per package, or should any ch@emist not have it or decline to order it for a sufferer, a package will be sent, post free, on receipt of the amount by Dr. @R. Schiffmann U S. , 34, H.J., Gray's Iun @@Road, London. W.C@. A most convincing list of testimonials and pamphlets will be sent free to any ###################################################### just turned up none the worse for his position on the Arctic Kolguev Island, is the son of the Rev. W. W. Battye, the rector of Hever, near Edenbridge, in Kent. At Oxford he was noted for re- establishing, after an interval of 150 years, a hawking club. When he left college he did a lot of work for the Field on fishing, hunting, and natural history, and in 1891 he became editor of the Pictorial @Worl@d. Last@ year be formed a desire to explore Kolguev ################################## because no one had done so already. He and a friend engaged a steam yacht, the Saxon, manned by a crew of Scotch whalers, which landed him on the island with six weeks' provisions. The ice closed up, and the Saxon was unable to get back at the appointed time to pick him up. For a few weeks there was considerable anxiety among his friends, but he was brought to Europe by some Samoyedes. ##################################################### day evening on the body of a young woman named Farley, wife of a Folkestone trades- man, who cut her throat, severing arteries and dividing the larynx. A verdict of suicide during temporary insanity was returned The Coroner commended the younger sister of the deceased, aged 16, for her courage in entering the room by a ladder when three men refused to do so. A Blind Pianist. ######################################################################################################################### is not long ago since Viscount Hinton, the eldest son of Earl Poulett, aroused some interest by starting as an organ grinder. Another of these aristocratic musicians is depicted in our artist's sketch, Mr. Edgar M@usgrave, a blind gentleman, who was at first rumoured to be the son of a baronet. He has been round the West-end lately, seated in a ######################################### The Conference on light railways, which was convened by the Board of Trade, opened on Thursday at W@hitehall. By the time the proceedings commenced, very few of those w@ho had been invited and whosese fames have been published had not arrived. @Mr. Brice, President of the Board of Trade, occupied the chair, and amongst those also present were Shaw-Leievre, Sir J. Hibbert, Sir M. Hicks-Beach, Mr. @Mandella, and @Mr. Chaplin. ried at the age of 24 in 1847. Her husband was then a wild young fellow, and, before ye@ars and responsibility had so@bered him, their life was not altogether peaceful But @the Princess, who is very appro- priately called the@@ German Mrs Glad- stone, has devoted herself so smoothing her husband's path in life, by watching carefully over his health and comfort, and making his home a haven of ####################### to which @he might turn for peace amid the storms of politics. Here was a home life, and though she had great abilities she never took any part in public affairs. Of late years she had been a great sufferer, and once or twice recently she seemed at death's door. But again and again, as soon as the great@est suffering@ were over, she was about again, ordering her household, presi@ding at table, bright, uncomplaining, ever watchful. @@@British and Irish Taxes. The Financial Relations Commission con- tinued its sittings in Dublin on Thursday. Sir Joseph McKenna stated that the imposition of the income tax on Ireland as a ############# for the remission of certain annuities had resulted in Ireland paying ten millions more than the capitalized value of these annuities. The Government of Great Britain had failed to carry out the Act of Union as it equalised the taxes of Irela@nd a@nd England without ascertaining whether the taxable capacity of the two countries was ########################################### playing a cottage piano. A companion, in a slouch hat, green goggles, and a cape@d ulster, collects the coppers of the charitable. The piano bears a placard stating @that @he has, through no @misconduct of his @own, lost estates worth £2,000 a year. It appears that he is the son of the Rev. George M. Musgrave, Lord of the Manor of Shilling- top, Beds., grandson of Mr. George Musgrave, who was High Sheriff of ############# in 1836, and nephew of Mr. Henry Musgrave, J.P., late of the Langham Hotel. In 1862 Edgar married, succeeding his father at the Manor House. He was a resident up to 1870. His mother was the daughter of @Mr. Alfred Oakes, who died at Bombay. The widow came to the Manor House to live with the Musgrave family, and died there, and was interred in Shillington Churchyard. @Wh@en Edgar @Mus- grave left Shillington they had three chil- dren, Horace, Philip, and Ethel. At this time they had a man living with them, who was known as the Spiritual Doctor, and whose purpose was to recover Edgar Mus- grave's sight. His wife has now taken up her abode at the @Manor House. There is much sympathy at Shillington for Edgar Musgrave, who was for a time organist at S@hillington Church. He is about 63 years of age. At Cambridge Police Court on Thursday @John Alexander Rigby, of Caius College, was tined £14 for assaulting the police and ############################################################################################################################################################################################################ Mr. Henry A. Jones' play The @Mas- queraders was produced at the Empire @Theatre, New York, on Monday night with great success. There were no less than nine alls for the principals after the card scene. ##################################################### Prince of Wales and his Royal Highness the Duke of York arrived at Charing Cross on their return from St. Petersburg on Thursday. The Royal party crossed from Dover in the well known steamer Calais-Douvres, but owing to a thick fog which prevailed in the Channel their steamer did not arrive at Dover until twenty minutes after the scheduled time. The special Royal train which is always placed at the disposal of the Prince of Wales by the South Eastern Railway Company was in waiting. His Royal Highness was met at the pier by Sir Myles Fenton, the general manager of the South@ Eastern Railway Company, who travelled up in the same train. The Royal train left Do@ver Pier at 10.47 and despite the thick fog which prevailed along the whole route it arrived at ####### Cross at 12.31, the journey only taking one minute longer than the officials had arranged. A consider- able crowd had collected to await the arrival of the train, but only a privileged number were permitted on the platform. Among the first to arrive at the station to meet the Prince was the Duke of Cambridge, who was followed a few minutes afterwards by H.R H. the Duke of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, who drove from Clarence House, not having been previously informed of the delay. Among the others on the platform were General Sir Charles Fraser, V.C., General Keith Fraser, Sir Michael Biddulph, General Dunn, Lieutenant of the Tower of London, General Sir Henry Havelock, Sir Francis de @Winton, and Sir Charles Cust, the comptroller and equerry to the Duke of @York. As the Prince of Wales stepped from the saloon he was warmly greeted by the Duke of Coburg @and the Duke of Cambridge. His Royal Highness appeared to be in the best of health and not the least fatigued by his trying journey. He was wearing a short black overcoat with black felt hat. The Duke of York, wearing a light grey ulster, also appeared extremely well. After talking a few moments with his brother the @Heir Apparent warmly shook hands with Sir M. Biddulph and General Fraser and the other military gentlemen who were on the platform. He then, accompanied by the Duke of York, entered the Royal carriage which was in waiting and drove to Marlborough House. As soon as his carriage entered the station yard the crowd outside, which was mostly com- posed of well-dressed gentlemen, raised a cheer, which his Royal @Highness continually acknowledged by bowing from the carriage window. TO ################## has been sent to the police in the larger market towns, respecting a fraud curried on by street vendors. As is well-known, the late extra- ordinary cures in this district have attracted widespread attention to the medicine by which they were effected, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People, and it appears that street and market-place vendors have been detected fraudulently selling large quantities of loose pills under Dr. Williams' name. It cannot be too widely known t@hat Dr. Willi@@ams' Pills are sold only in wooden boxes, enclosed in a pink wrapper, bearing the full name @Dr. Williams' Pills for Pale People, and also anything else offered, either by shopkeepers or others, as Dr. Williams' is a fraud for the detection of which the manu- facturers will pay a cash reward. Should any doubt exist, the best plan is to send the price in stamps, without anything extra for postage 2s 9d-or 13s 9d for six boxes to Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, 46 @Holborn- viaduct, London @The genuine pills are never sold loose, or by the dozen or hundred under any circumstances, and no tradesman can pu@t up the same formula as some pretend Dr@ Williams' Pink Pills are a proved cure for rheumatism, neuralala, ataxy, paralysis, locomotor ataxy, St. Vitus' dance, nervous headache, scrofula, chronic erysipelas. @c. They are not purgative, but restore pale and sallow complex@@ions to health, and are a specific for female troubles, while in men they effect a radical cure in all cause from worry, over work, or excess of any nature. Mr. James Weatherby was buried on Thursday in the churchyard of the parish church at Walton-on-Thames. There was a very large attendance of friends, and the blinds of every house in Walton were @drawn down. The chief mourners were Messrs. John Weatherby brother , John Weatherby son . Miss Weatherby, Mr. and Mrs. E. Weatherby. Messrs. C. T. Weatherby, J. H. Weatherby E. M. Weatherby, J. T. Weatherby, and W ##################################### DELICIOUS ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# Stores Hare Street, Strand, Calcutta. Indian Office@ Dalhousie Square, Calcutta. Tea and Coffee Sale Rooms Mincing-lane, LONDON, E.C. Wholesale Tea Blending and Duty Paid Stores @Bath-street and Cayton-street, LONDON, E.C. Bonded and Export Stores, Peerless-street, LONDON, E.C. Coffee Roasting, Blending Stores, and Essence Manufactory, Old-street, LONDON, E.C. Wholesale and Export ############## Nelson Place, LONDON, E.C. Fruit Preserve Factory Spa-road, Bermondsey, LONDON, S.E. GENERAL OFFICES BAT@@H-STREET, CITY-ROAD, LONDON, E.C. ##################################################### 173@ FORE-STREET. PLYMOUTH 24, ##############################################################################################