[OCR_toInput] THE CHEATS OP SCAMS. ij», my father whom I have found, aud now we are out of pain. , ■ ' . Geronte. Let us go to my house, we (hall discourse matters over better there than hert. Hiacintha pointing to Zerbinetta.] Ah! Father, I beg it as a favour of you, that I mayn’t be parted from the amiable person you see here. She has merit that will make you conceive an esteem for her when you come to know it. Geronte. Wou'd you have me keep a person in my house whom your brother is in love with; and who told me, just now to my face, a thousand foolilh things of myself? Zerbinetta. Sir, I beg you wou’d excuse me. I ihou’d, not have spoke in that manner, had I known it was you; and I knew you only by report. Geronte. How, only by report? Hiacintha. Father, the passion my brother entertains for her has nothing criminal in it; and I answer for her virtue. Geronte. A pretty fancy indeed. Wou'd they not have me marry my son to her ? A wench that no body knows, and by profession a stroller. > SCENE XII. ARGANTE, GERONTE, LEANDER, OCTAVIO, HTACINTHA, ZERBINETTA, NERINA, SIL VESTER. Leander. DON’T complain, father, that I love a person who is unknown, without birth, or portion. The people-1
[OCR_aligned] @THE CHEATS OP SCA@MS. ij», my father whom I have found,@ aud now we are out of pain. , ■ ' . Geronte. Let us go to my house, we (hall discourse matters over better there than hert. Hiacintha pointing to Zerbinetta.] Ah@! Father, I beg it as a favour of you, that I mayn’t be parted from the amiable person you see here. She has merit that will make you conceive an esteem for her when you come to know it. Geronte. Wou'd you have me keep a person in my house whom your brother is in love with@; and who told me, just now to my face, a thousand foolilh things of myself@? Zerbinetta. Sir, I beg you wou’d excuse me. I ihou’d, not have spoke in that manner, had I known it was you@; and I knew you only by report. Geronte. How, only by report@? Hiacintha. Father, the passion my brother entertains for her has nothing criminal in it@; and I answer for her virtue. Geronte. A pretty fancy indeed. Wou'd they not have me marry my son to her ? A wench that no body knows, and by profession a stroller. > SCENE XII. ARGANTE, GERONTE, LEANDER, OCTAVIO, HTACINTHA, ZERBINETTA, NERINA, SIL@ VESTER. Leander. DON’T complain, father, that I love a person who is unknown, without birth, or portion. The people-1
[ GS_aligned]  THE CHEATS OF SCAPIN. @139 my father whom I have found,' and now we are out of pain@@@@@@@@. Geronte. Let us go to my house, we shall discourse matters over better there than here. Hiacintha pointing to Zerbinetta.] Ah ! Father, I beg it is a favour of you, that I mayn't be parted from the amiable person you see here. She has merit that will make you conceive an esteem for her when you come to know it. Geronte. Wou'd you have me keep a person in my house whom your brother is in love with ; and who told me, just now to my face, a thousand foolish things of myself ? Zerbinetta. Sir, I beg you wou'd excuse me. I shou'd@ not have spoke in that manner, had I known it was you ; and I knew you only by report. Geronte. How, only by report ? Hiacintha. Father, the passion my brother entertains for her has nothing criminal in it ; and I answer for her virtue. Geronte. A pretty fancy indeed. Wou'd they not have me marry my son to her ? A wench that no body knows, and by profession a stroller@ ? SCENE XII. ARGANTE, GERONTE, LEANDER, OCTAVIO, HIACINTHA, ZERBINETTA, NERINA, SIL- VESTER. LEANDER. DON'T complain, father, that I love a person who IS unknown, without birth, or portion. The people I
