[OCR_toInput] THE LEARNED LADIES. *7 nuke strange ones yourself in conduct. Your eternal folio’s don’t please me ; and, except a great Plutarch which I put my bands in, you ought to hum all this useless lumber, and leave learning to your great doctors about town; to do right, you sliould remove out of the garret that long telescope enough to frighten people, and a hundred knick-knacks the fight of which are offensive:' Not to look after what is done in the moon, but to mind a little what’s done at home, where we fee every thing go topsy-turvy. It is not right for a great many rea sons, that a wise stiould study and know so many things. To form the minds of her children to good-manners, to fee her family go on well, to have an eye over her servants, and to regulate with oeconomy what is expend ed, ought to be her study and philosophy. Our fore fathers were very wife people in this point, who said that a wife aiwavs knew enough when the capacity of her genius rais’d her to understand a doublet and a pair of breeches. Their wives did not read, but they liv’d well; their families were all their learned discourse, and their books, a thimble, thread, and needles, with which they work'd amidst their knot Of maids. But the women of this age are very far from behaving themselves in that manner, they must write and turn authors. No science is too profound for ’em; and in my house, more-than in any other place in the world, the most lofty secrets arc conceiv’d, and they understand every thing but what they ought to understand. They know the motions of the moon, the polar star, Venus, Saturn, and Mars, whom I have no business with; and with all this vain kuowlcge, which they go so far to look for, thev don’t know how my pot goes on, which I have occasion for. My servants too aspire after learning, to please you, and- * B i
[OCR_aligned] @THE LEARNED LADIES. *7 nuke strange ones yourself in conduct. Your eternal folio’s don’t please me ; and, except a great Plutarch which I put my bands in, you ought to hu@m all this useless lumber, and leave learning to your great doctors about town@; to do right, you sliould remove out of the garret that long telescope enough to frighten people, and a hundred knick-knacks the fight of which are offensive:' Not to look after what is done in the moon, but to mind a little what’s done at home, where we fee every thing go topsy-turvy. It is not right for a great many rea@ sons, that a wise stiould study and know so many things. To form the minds of her children to good-manners, to fee her family go on well, to have an eye over her servants, and to regulate with oeconomy what is expend@ ed, ought to be her study and philosophy. Our fore@ fathers were very wife people in this point, who said that a wife aiwavs knew enough when the capacity of her genius rais’d her to understand a doublet and a pair of breeches. Their wives did not read, but they liv’d well@; their families were all their learned discourse, and their books, a thimble, thread, and needles, with which they work'd amidst their knot Of maids. But the women of this age are very far from behaving themselves in that manner, they must write and turn authors. No science is too profound for ’em@; and in my house, more-than in any other place in the world, the most lofty secrets arc conceiv’d, and they understand every thing but what they ought to understand. They know the motions of the moon, the polar star, Venus, Saturn, and Mars, whom I have no business with@; and with all this vain kuowlcge, which they go so far to look for, thev don’t know how my pot goes on, which I have occasion for. My servants too aspire after learning, to please you, and- * B i
[ GS_aligned]  THE LEARNED LADIES. 27 make strange ones yourself in conduct. Your eternal folio's don't please me ; and, except a great Plutarch which I put my bands in, you ought to burn all this useless lumber, and leave learning to your great doctors about town ; to do right, you s@hould remove out of the garret that long telescope enough to frighten people, and a hundred knick-knacks the ffght of which are offenffve : Not to look after what is done in the moon, but to mind a little what's done at home, where we see every thing go topsy-turvy. It is not right for a great many rea- sons, that a wife s@hould study and know so many things. To form the minds of her children to good-manners, to see her family go on well, to have an eye over her servants, and to regulate with oeconomy what is expend- ed, ought to be her study and philosophy. Our fore- fathers were very wise people in this point, who said that a wife always knew enough when the capacity of her genius rais'd her to understand a doublet and a pair of breeches. Their wives did not read, but they liv'd well ; their families were all their learned discourse, and their books, a thimble, thread, and needles, with which they work'd amidst their knot of maids. But the women of this age are very far from behaving themselves in that manner, they must write and turn authors. No science is too profound for 'em ; and in my house, more than in any other place in the world, the most lofty secrets arc conceiv'd, and they understand every thing but what they ought to understand. They know the motions of the moon, the polar star, Venus, Saturn, and Mars, whom I have no buffness with ; and with all this vain knowlege, which they go so far to look for, they don't know how my pot goes on, which I have occaffon for. My servants too aspire after learning, to please you, and@@@ B 2
