[OCR_toInput] (?) The huffy puffy Stewards words, Were to our Clerke like any swords? He siglfd and said the Lane affords (Calld Fetter) Both better sheets and braver beds, And pottage for our Totty-heads: Where dine for three pence the Law reds, Farre better. Then did he think to walkeall night, (But Candle 5 are a precious light) A penny two, with which you might See nothing OfStooles or Formes, but cobwebs thick Which were both Canopy? and Tickc ; But to save charges he was quick Uncloathing. And there he lay all night,and stiookc, (As if next Terme had been mistookc,) And untill Candlcmafle must looke For incombes. Then mumbling somewhat in his bed He softly said, no more (poore Ned') Doe so againe, this is the thred From sinne comes. Ply thine owne businefle Ned, nor lett Or Shno^ or Fetter lane, more gett Or Rutting Alley, what wefwett At nose for. In writing Brevities in frost nights By Dwindling twinkling small rush lights, And feare noDevills, nor no Sprights That goes r or The Teachers not for ?«, unleffe We spend our halfe crownes on brownc B.'jjcr, Which is the cause I doe professe Most justly - G
[OCR_aligned] @(@@?) The huffy puffy Stewards words, Were to our Clerke like any swords? He siglfd and said the Lane affords (Calld Fetter) Both better sheets and braver beds, And pottage for our Totty-heads@: Where dine for three pence the Law reds, Farre better. Then did he think to walke@all night, (But Candle 5 are a precious light) A penny two, with which you might See nothing Of@Stooles or Formes, but cobwebs thick Which were both Canopy? and Tickc ; But to save charges he was quick Uncloathing. And there he lay all night,and stiookc, (As if next Terme had been mistookc,) And untill Candlcmafle must looke For incombes. Then mumbling somewhat in his bed He softly said, no more (poore Ned') Doe so againe, this is the thred From sinne comes. Ply thine owne businefle Ned, nor lett Or Shno@^ or Fetter lane, more gett Or Rutting Alley, what we@fwett At nose for. In writing Brevities in frost nights By Dwindling twinkling small rush lights, And feare no@Devills, nor no Sprights That goes r or The Teachers not for ?«, unleffe We spend our halfe crownes on brownc B.'jjcr, Which is the cause I doe professe Most justly - G
[ GS_aligned]  ( 9 ) The hu@ﬀy pu@ﬀy Stewards words, Were to our Clerke like any swords, He ffgh'd and said the Lane a@ﬀords (Calld Fetter) Both better sheets and braver beds, And pottage for our Totty‐heads : Where dine for three pence the Law reds, Farre better. Then did he think to walke all night, (But Candle@s are a precious light) A penny two, with which you might See nothing Of Stooles or Formes, but cobwebs thick Which were both Canopy, and Ticke : But to save charges he was quick Uncloathing. And there he lay all night,and s@hooke, (As if next Terme had been mistooke,) And untill Candlemasse must looke For incombes. Then mumbling somewhat in his bed He softly said, no more (poore Ned@) Doe so againe, this is the thred From ffnne comes. Ply thine owne buffnesse Ned, nor lett Or Shoo , or Fetter lane, more gett Or Rutting Alley, what we swett At nose for. In writing Brev ates in frost nights By Dwindling twinkling small rush lights, And feare no Devills, nor no Sprights That goes@@ or The Fe chers not for us, unlesse We spend our halfe crownes on browne B@@@esse Which is the cause I doe professe Most justl  C I
