[OCR_toInput] 174 THE countess of escarbagnas. verts you is to me a punishment; and that a man is not capable to feign long, •when he has so serious a passion as that I feel for you. Is it a cruel thing, fair Julia, that this amusement ftou’d bereave my love of a time it wou’d make use of to express its ardor to you; and last night I made some verses upon it, which I cannot help reciting to you, without your asking me, so inseparable from the quality of a poet is the itch of reciting his works. Iris, you torture me too long; Iris, as you observe, is put there for Julia, Iris, you torture me too long, Your laws I keep, but still I blame; Forc'd a feign’d passion to prolong, And hide a real flame. Your eyes, to which I render up my arms. Must they make pastime of my sighs and r.oe ? Is n’t not enough 1 soffer for your charms, Eut must I suffer for your pleasure too ? This double martyrdom’s too much to bear, And what I am to speak and what forbear Cause in my tortur’d heart a-like despair. ■Whilst love inflames, constraint distracts my breast, And if with pity you are not postefs’d, I die betwixt reality and jest. Julia. I perceive you make yourself worse treated than you really are; but to lie out of pleasantry is a licence poets will take, and to give their mistresses more cruelty than they have, to accommodate themselves to the fancies
[OCR_aligned] 174 THE countess of escarbagnas.@@@@ verts you is to me a punishment@; and that a man is not capable to feign long, •when he has so serious a passion as that I feel for you. Is it a cruel thing, fair Julia, that this amusement ftou’d bereave my love of a time it wou’d make use of to express its ardor to you@; and last night I made some verses upon it, which I cannot help reciting to you, without your asking me, so inseparable from the quality of a poet is the itch of reciting his works. Iris, you torture me too long@; Iris, as you observe, is put there for Julia, Iris, you torture me too long, Your laws I keep, but still I blame@; Forc'd a feign’d passion to prolong, And@ hide a real flame. Your eyes, to which I render up my arms. Must they make pastime of my sighs and r.oe ? Is n’t not enough 1 soffer for your charms, Eut must I suffer for your pleasure too ? This double martyrdom’s too much to bear, And what I am to speak and what forbear Cause in my tortur’d heart a-like despair. ■Whilst love inflames, constraint distracts my breast, And if with pity you are not postefs’d, I die betwixt reality and jest. Julia. I perceive you make yourself worse treated than you really are@; but to lie out of pleasantry is a licence poets will take, and to give their mistresses more cruelty than they have, to accommodate themselves to the fancies
[ GS_aligned] @@@ THE COUNTESS OF ESCARBAGNAS. 174 verts you is to me a punishment ; and that a man is not capable to feign long, @when he has so serious a passion as that I feel for you. Is it a cruel thing, fair Julia, that this amusement shou'd be eave my love of a time it wou'd make use of to express its ardor to you ; and last night I made some verses upon it, which I cannot help reciting to you, without your asking me, so inseparable from the quality of a poet is the itch of reciting his works. Iris, you torture me too long ; Iris, as you observe, is put there for Julia. Iris, you torture me too long, Your laws I keep, but still I blame ; Forc'd a feign'd passion to prolong, And, hide a real flame. Your eyes, to which I render up my arms, Must they make pastime of my ffghs and @woe ? Is n't cot enough I suffer for your charms, But must I suffer for your pleasure too ? This double martyrdom's too much to bear, And what I am to speak and what forbear Cause in my tortur'd heart a-like despair. @Whilst love inflames, constraint distracts my breast, And if with pity you are not possess'd, I die betwixt reality and jest. Julia. I perceive you make yourself worse treated than you really are ; but to lie out of pleasantry is a licence poets will take, and to give their mistresses more cruelty than they have, to accommodate themselves to the fancies
