[OCR_toInput] Part. I. New Philosophy.. This Paraphrase may be Emphatically al lowed on his Words; nor can it be denyed, That the excellent Faculty, with which the Understanding is imbued is not by innumera ble Depravations erroneously misguided by the proneness of the Dispensation it gives to the Importunate Sensualities Incident to Humane Constitutions: Which is very manifest in the different Qualifications and Tempers of the Body and Mind 5 as by common Experience, some Individuals of Mankind exccll in Pru dence and Moralities of Life the Dispositions of others. Insomuch, that it may be questi oned, Whether, or no, from a Natural Course of Providence the different temperatures of Body and Mind do not proceed ? And there fore more prevalent, if not hardly to be Resisted. All which, upon the Matter, is precedently. acknowledged by himself, where he confesses, I bat notwithstanding the Soul of Man is En lightened by God, with clear Perception, it is lyable to the depraved Conduit of the Will and Senses. But how he can exempt the Under standing from such a contiguous Depravation, and require its separate Intelligence ; yet grant, as he does, That the Humane Body and
[OCR_aligned] @Part. I. New Philosophy.@@. This Paraphrase may be Emphatically al@ lowed on his Words; nor can it be denyed, That the excellent Faculty, with which the Understanding is imbued is not by innumera@ ble Depravations erroneously misguided by the proneness of the Dispensation it gives to the Importunate Sensualities Incident to Humane Constitutions@: Which is very manifest in the different Qualifications and Tempers of the Body and Mind 5 as by common Experience, some Individuals of Mankind exccll in Pru@ dence and Moralities of Life the Dispositions of others. Insomuch, that it may be questi@ oned, Whether, or no, from a Natural Course of Providence the different temperatures of Body and Mind do not proceed ? And there@ fore more prevalent, if not hardly to be Resisted. All which, upon the Matter, is precedently. acknowledged by himself, where he confesses, I bat notwithstanding the Soul of Man is En@ lightened by God, with clear Perception, it is lyable to the depraved Conduit of the Will and Senses. But how he can exempt the Under@ standing from such a contiguous Depravation, and require its separate Intelligence ; yet grant, as he does, That the Humane Body and
[ GS_aligned]  Part. I. New Philosophy. 55 This Paraphrase may be Emphatically al‑ lowed on his Words; nor can it be denyed, That the excellent Faculty, with which the Understanding is imbued is not by innumera‑ ble Depravations erroneously misguided by the proneness of the Dispensation it gives to the Importunate Sensualities Incident to Humane Constitutions : Which is very manifest in the di@ﬀerent Quali@ﬁcations and Tempers of the Body and Mind ; as by common Experience, some Individuals of Mankind excell in Pru‑ dence and Moralities of Life the Dispofftions of others. Insomuch, that it may be questi‑ oned, Whether, or no, from a Natural Course of Providence the di@ﬀerent temperatures of Body and Mind do not proceed@? And there‑ fore more prevalent, if not hardly to be Reffsted. All which, upon the Matter, is precedently@ acknowledged by himself, where he confesses, @That notwithstanding the Soul of Man is En‑ lightened by God, with clear Perception, it is lyable to the depraved Conduct of the Will and Senses. But how he can exempt the Under‑ standing from such a contiguous Depravation, and require its separate Intelligence ; yet grant, as he does, That the Humane Body and
