[OCR_toInput] SECT. III. 89 PROLOGUE TO ANTONIO'S REVENGE. Bru. Sheathe -our dagger Be angry when you will, it shall have scope. Do what you will, dishonour shall be humour. O Cassius, you are yoked with a lamb, That carries anger, as the flint bears fire Who, much enforced, shows a hasty spark, And straight is cold again. Cas. Hath Cassius lived To be but mirth and laughter to his Brutus, When grief, and blood ill-tempered, vexeth him ? Bru. When I spoke that, I was ill-tempered too. Cas. Do you confess so much ? give me your hand. Bru. And my heart too. Cas. O Brutus ! Bru. What's the matter ? Cas. Have you not love enough to bear with me, When that rash humour, which my mother gave me, Makes me forgetful ? Bru. Yes, Cassius and from henceforth, When you are over-earnest with your Brutus, He'll think your mother chides, and leave you so. i6oi. - Julius Caesar, iv. 3. LXXIII. PROLOGUE TO ANTONIO'S REVENGE. The rawish dank of clumsy winter ramps The fluent summer's vein and drizzling sleet Chilleth the wan bleak cheek of the numbed earth, Whilst snarling gusts nibble the juiceless leaves From the naked shuddering branch, and pill the skin From off the soft and delicate aspects. O, now methinks a sullen tragic scene
[OCR_aligned] SECT. III. 89 PROLOGUE TO ANTONIO'S REVENGE. Bru. Sheathe -our dagger Be angry when you will, it shall have scope. Do what you will, dishonour shall be humour. O Cassius, you are yoked with a lamb, That carries anger, as the flint bears fire Who, much enforced, shows a hasty spark, And straight is cold again. Cas. Hath Cassius lived To be but mirth and laughter to his Brutus, When grief, and blood ill-tempered, vexeth him ? Bru. When I spoke that, I was ill-tempered too. Cas. Do you confess so much ? give me your hand. Bru. And my heart too. Cas. O Brutus ! Bru. What's the matter ? Cas. Have you not love enough to bear with me, When that rash humour, which my mother gave me, Makes me forgetful ? Bru. Yes, Cassius and from henceforth, When you are over-earnest with your Brutus, He'll think your mother chides, and leave you so. i6oi. - Julius Caesar, iv. 3. LXXIII. PROLOGUE TO ANTONIO'S REVENGE. The rawish dank of clumsy winter ramps The fluent summer's vein and drizzling sleet Chilleth the wan bleak cheek of the numbed earth, Whilst snarling gusts nibble the juiceless leaves From the naked shuddering branch, and pill the skin From off the soft and delicate aspects. O, now methinks a sullen tragic scene
[ GS_aligned] ############# PROLOGUE TO ANTONIO'S ############# Sheathe your dagger Be angry when you will, it shall have scope. Do what you will, dishonour shall be humour. O Cassius, you are yokéd with a lamb, That carries anger, as the flint bears fire Who, much enforcéd, shows a hasty spark, And straight is cold again. Cas. Hath Cassius lived To be but mirth and laughter to his Brutus, When grief, and blood ill-tempered, vexeth him ? Bru. When I spoke that, I was ill-tempered too. Cas. Do you confess so much ? give me your hand. Bru. And my heart too. Cas. O Brutus ! Bru. What's the matter ? Cas. Have you not love enough to bear with me, When that rash humour, which my mother gave me, Makes me forgetful ? Bru. Yes, Cassius and from henceforth, When you are over-earnest with your Brutus, He'll think your mother chides, and leave you so. 1601. -@Julius Caesar, iv. 3. LXXIII. PROLOGUE TO ANTONIO'S REVENGE. THE rawish dank of clumsy winter ramps The fluent summer's vein and drizzling sleet Chilleth the wan bleak cheek of the numbed earth, Whilst snarling gusts nibble the juiceless leaves From the naked shuddering branch, and pill the skin From off the soft and delicate aspects. O, now methinks a sullen tragic scene