[OCR_toInput] JACK OF AMBROSE MILL THE o I AM poor Joe the collier's son, i From Holberry town I came, I courted lasses many a one, And loved them all the same I courted Nancy and young Kate, And buxom Nelly too, But Rachael's the girl that I do admire, And that you soon shall know. Come all you colliers in this row, That delight in a bonny lass, That delights to drink good ale so brown That will sparkle in your glass My parents they do on me frown, And say I am to blame, In keeping young Rachael's company, And she lives in March Lane. v aV, v ii Early one summer's morning, vJ5AP7?' By the dawning of the day, I longed to hear the small birds sing, And the lambs see skip and play I took my walk to Holberry town, And round by Bilston mills, Who should I spy but my own true love, With Jack of Ambrose mill. I hid myself all in a grove, A distance from where they were, He gave her kisses, one, two, three, Not knowing I was there I boldly stepped up to him, Thou rogue what hast thou done, I am jolly Joe the collier's son, You must either fight or run. My fingers they began to itch, I scarce could hold them still, And presently began to thump Poor Jack of Ambrose Mill. Hold your hand, dear Jack, she says, No more of this let's have, I'll be your servant, slave, or wife, Till we both go to our grave. Then to tbe church poor Rachael went, Right sure against her will, You maidens all pity my downfall With Jack of Ambrose Mill. PRICE OF MY PIG London - H. P. SUCH, Machine Printer and Publisher, 177, Union Street, Boro . OCTOBER the first, a day sure the worst, I straight took my way to the sweet fair of Trim There to sell a swine, it was my design, She was fat, fair, and complete in each limb My swine was as mild as a lamb or a child, You might drive her all over the world with a sprig, The truth for to tell, I sold her right well, Three pound ten was the price I received for my pig. With the cash on my thigh, and the glass in my eye. To the town I did fly like a sporting young buck, I met a smart dame, she belonged to the game, She up to me came to be sure for good luck • She tipt me the wink, we went for to drink, The jade bewitched me to dance Venus's jig, And in the wheel round she slipt her hand down, And strips me quite bare of the price of my pig. When I missed my share like a man in despair, I ran tearing my hair searching her up and down, Eeah corner and lane I searched all in vain, Not a sight of this damnable jade could be found. Meet her where I will I sure will her kill, I swear by the hair of Lord Norbury's wig, Till the day. that I die, for vengeance I'll cry, On the jade that robbed me of the price of my pig. To Navan next day I straight took my way, As I heard of a fair being held in Slane, When I capered there I was loaded with care, To think that my walk it was labour in vain. To the house of John Flinn I next stepp'd in, Where I danced three reels and one double jig, In hopes by and by I might cast my eye, On the jade that robbed me of the price of my pig. By the Buck, by the Doe, by the Lord of Mayo, By the great bog of Allen the big hill of Howth, By the church, by the bell, and by Paddy Me. Kell, And for to swear more you know I am loth Meet her where I will, I sure will her kill, I will not spare her for tory or whig, And for this base action I'll have satisfaction, Upon the jade's bones for the price of my pig. Now since it is so, straight home I will go, My shuttle to throw, and from drinking refrain, I will stick to my loom while my youth is in bloom, I will never be caught by a strumpet again. If the Lord Mayor knew the cause of my woe, He would surely come here in a chaise or a gig, He would search Ireland round, where the jade could be found, He'd put her in pound for the price of my pig.
[OCR_aligned] JACK OF AMBROSE MILL THE o I AM poor Joe the collier's son, i From Holberry town I came, I courted lasses many a one, And loved them all the same I courted Nancy and young Kate, And buxom Nelly too, But Rachael's the girl that I do admire, And that you soon shall know. Come all you colliers in this row, That delight in a bonny lass, That delights to drink good ale so brown That will sparkle in your glass My parents they do on me frown, And say I am to blame, In keeping young Rachael's company, And she lives in March Lane. v aV, v ii Early one summer's morning, vJ5AP7?' By the dawning of the day, I longed to hear the small birds sing, And the lambs see skip and play I took my walk to Holberry town, And round by Bilston mills, Who should I spy but my own true love, With Jack of Ambrose mill. I hid myself all in a grove, A distance from where they were, He gave her kisses, one, two, three, Not knowing I was there I boldly stepped up to him, Thou rogue what hast thou done, I am jolly Joe the collier's son, You must either fight or run. My fingers they began to itch, I scarce could hold them still, And presently began to thump Poor Jack of Ambrose Mill. Hold your hand, dear Jack, she says, No more of this let's have, I'll be your servant, slave, or wife, Till we both go to our grave. Then to tbe church poor Rachael went, Right sure against her will, You maidens all pity my downfall With Jack of Ambrose Mill. @@@@PRICE OF MY PIG London - H. P. SUCH, Machine Printer and Publisher, 177, Union Street, Boro . O@CTOBER the first, a day sure the worst, I straight took my way to the sweet fair of Trim There to sell a swine, it was my design, She was fat, fair, and complete in each limb My swine was as mild as a lamb or a child, You might drive her all over the world with a sprig, The truth for to tell, I sold her right well, Three pound ten was the price I received for my pig. With the cash on my thigh, and the glass in my eye. To the town I did fly like a sporting young buck, I met a smart dame, she belonged to the game, She up to me came to be sure for good luck • She tipt me the wink, we went for to drink, The jade bewitched me to dance Venus's jig, And in the wheel round she slipt her hand down, And strips me quite bare of the price of my pig. When I missed my share like a man in despair, I ran tearing my hair searching her up and down, Eeah corner and lane I searched all in vain, Not a sight of this damnable jade could be found. Meet her where I will I sure will her kill, I swear by the hair of Lord Norbury's wig, Till the day. that I die, for vengeance I'll cry, On the jade that robbed me of the price of my pig. To Navan next day I straight took my way, As I heard of a fair being held in Slane, When I capered there I was loaded with care, To think that my walk it was labour in vain. To the house of John Flinn I next stepp'd in, Where I danced three reels and one double jig, In hopes by and by I might cast my eye, On the jade that robbed me of the price of my pig. By the Buck, by the Doe, by the Lord of Mayo, By the great bog of Allen the big hill of Howth, By the church, by the bell, and by Paddy Me. Kell, And for to swear more you know I am loth Meet her where I will, I sure will her kill, I will not spare her for tory or whig, And for this base action I'll have satisfaction, Upon the jade's bones for the price of my pig. Now since it is so, straight home I will go, My shuttle to throw, and from drinking refrain, I will stick to my loom while my youth is in bloom, I will never be caught by a strumpet again. If the Lord Mayor knew the cause of my woe, He would surely come here in a chaise or a gig, He would search Ireland round, where the jade could be found, He'd put her in pound for the price of my pig.
[ GS_aligned] JACK OF AMBROSE MILL@@@@@@ I AM poor Joe the collier's son, @@From Holberry town I came, I courted lasses many a one, And loved them all the same I courted Nancy and young Kate, And buxom Nelly too, But Rachael's the girl that I do admire, And that you soon shall know. Come all you colliers in this row, That delight in a bonny lass, That delights to drink good ale so brown That will sparkle in your glass My parents they do on me frown, And say I am to blame, In keeping young Rachael's company, And she lives in March ###################### one summer's #################### the dawning of the day, I longed to hear the small birds sing, And the lambs see skip and play I took my walk to Holberry town, And round by Bilston mills, Who should I spy but my own true love, With Jack of Ambrose mill. I hid myself all in a grove, A distance from where they were, He gave her kisses, one, two, three, Not knowing I was there I boldly stepped up to him, Thou rogue what hast thou done, I am jolly Joe the collier's son, You must either fight or run. My fingers they began to itch, I scarce could hold them still, And presently began to thump Poor Jack of Ambrose Mill. Hold your hand, dear Jack, she says, No more of this let's have, I'll be your servant, slave, or wife, Till we both go to our grave. Then to the church poor Rachael went, Right sure against her will, You maidens all pity my downfall With Jack of Ambrose Mill. THE PRICE OF MY PIG London -@H. P. SUCH, Machine Printer and Publisher, 177, Union Street, Boro'. O CTOBER the first, a day sure the worst, I straight took my way to the sweet fair of Trim There to sell a swine, it was my design, She was fat, fair, and complete in each limb My swine was as mild as a lamb or a child, You might drive her all over the world with a sprig, The truth for to tell, I sold her right well, Three pound ten was the price I received for my pig. With the cash on my thigh, and the glass in my eye, To the town I did fly like a sporting young buck, I met a smart dame, she belonged to the game, She up to me came to be sure for good luck@@ She tipt me the wink, we went for to drink, The jade bewitched me to dance Venus's jig, And in the wheel round she slipt her hand down, And stript me quite bare of the price of my pig. When I missed my share like a man in despair, I ran tearing my hair searching her up and down, Eeah corner and lane I searched all in vain, Not a sight of this damnable jade could be found. Meet her where I will I sure will her kill, I swear by the hair of Lord Norbury's wig, Till the day@ that I die, for vengeance I'll cry, On the jade that robbed me of the price of my pig. To Navan next day I straight took my way, As I heard of a fair being held in Slane, When I capered there I was loaded with care, To think that my walk it was labour in vain. To the house of John Flinn I next stepp'd in, Where I danced three reels and one double jig, In hopes by and by I might cast my eye, On the jade that robbed me of the price of my pig. By the Buck, by the Doe, by the Lord of Mayo, By the great bog of Allen the big hill of Howth, By the church, by the bell, and by Paddy Mc. Kell, And for to swear more you know I am loth Meet her where I will, I sure will her kill, I will not spare her for tory or whig, And for this base action I'll have satisfaction, Upon the jade's bones for the price of my pig. Now since it is so, straight home I will go, My shuttle to throw, and from drinking refrain, I will stick to my loom while my youth is in bloom, I will never be caught by a strumpet again. If the Lord Mayor knew the cause of my woe, He would surely come here in a chaise or a gig, He would search Ireland round, where the jade could be found, He'd put her in pound for the price of my pig.