[OCR_toInput] SECT. II. SONNET. 289 Enjoy, poor imps ! enjoy your sportive trade, And chase gay flies, and cull the fairest flowers For, when my bones in grass-green sods are laid, Oh ! never may ye taste more careless hours In knightly castles or in ladies' bowers. O vain to seek delight in earthly thing ! But most in courts, where proud Ambition towers Deluded wight ! who weens fair peace can spring Beneath the pompous dome of kesar or of king. 1742. - Shenstone. ccxxix. SONNET ON THE DEATH OF RICHARD WEST. In vain to me the smiling mornings shine, And reddening Phoebus lifts his golden fire The birds in vain their amorous descant join Or cheerful fields resume their green attire These ears, alas ! for other notes repine A different object do these eyes require My lonely anguish melts no heart but mine And in my breast the imperfect joys expire. Yet morning smiles the busy race to cheer, And new-born pleasure brings to happier men The fields to all their wonted tribute bear To warm their little loves the birds complain I fruitless mourn to him that cannot hear, And weep the more, because I weep in vain. - Gray. Written August, 1742, published in Mason's Memoirs and Writings of Gray, 1775. This sonnet possesses an additional interest from the use made of it by Wordsworth in the Preface to his Lyrical Ballads, and Coleridge' scomments on his criticism, Biog. Lit., xviii. l9
[OCR_aligned] SECT. II. SONNET. 289 Enjoy, poor imps ! enjoy your sportive trade, And chase gay flies, and cull the fairest flowers For, when my bones in grass-green sods are laid, Oh ! never may ye taste more careless hours In knightly castles or in ladies' bowers. O vain to seek delight in earthly thing ! But most in courts, where proud Ambition towers Deluded wight ! who weens fair peace can spring Beneath the pompous dome of kesar or of king. 1742. - Shenstone. ccxxix. SONNET ON THE DEATH OF RICHARD WEST. In vain to me the smiling mornings shine, And reddening Phoebus lifts his golden fire The birds in vain their amorous descant join Or cheerful fields resume their green attire These ears, alas ! for other notes repine A different object do these eyes require My lonely anguish melts no heart but mine And in my breast the imperfect joys expire. Yet morning smiles the busy race to cheer, And new-born pleasure brings to happier men The fields to all their wonted tribute bear To warm their little loves the birds complain I fruitless mourn to him that cannot hear, And weep the more, because I weep in vain. - Gray. Written August, 1742, published in Mason's Memoirs and Writings of Gray, 1775. This sonnet possesses an additional interest from the use made of it by Wordsworth in the Preface to his Lyrical Ballads, and Coleridge' scomments on his criticism, Biog. Lit., xviii. l9
[ GS_aligned] ############################ poor imps ! enjoy your sportive trade, And chase gay flies, and cull the fairest flowers For, when my bones in grass-green sods are laid, Oh ! never may ye taste more careless hours In knightly castles or in ladies' bowers. O vain to seek delight in earthly thing ! But most in courts, where proud Ambition towers Deluded wight ! who weens fair peace can spring Beneath the pompous dome of kesar or of king. 1742. -@Shenstone. CCXXIX. SONNET ON THE DEATH OF RICHARD WEST. IN vain to me the smiling mornings shine, And reddening Phoebus lifts his golden fire The birds in vain their amorous descant join Or cheerful fields resume their green attire These ears, alas ! for other notes repine A different object do these eyes require My lonely anguish melts no heart but mine And in my breast the imperfect joys expire. Yet morning smiles the busy race to cheer, And new-born pleasure brings to happier men The fields to all their wonted tribute bear To warm their little loves the birds complain I fruitless mourn to him that cannot hear, And weep the more, because I weep in vain. -@Gray. Written August, 1742, published in Mason's Memoirs and Writings of Gray, 1775. This sonnet possesses an additional interest from the use made of it by Wordsworth in the Preface to his Lyrical Ballads, and Coleridge' scomments on his criticism, Biog. Lit., xviii. ##