[OCR_toInput] II. SECT HOPE 291 I have found out a gift for my fair, I have found where the wood-pigeons breed But let me that plunder forbear, She will say, 'twas a barbarous deed, For he ne'er could be true, she averred, Who could rob a poor bird of its young And I loved her the more when I heard Such tenderness fall from her tongue. I have heard her with sweetness unfold How that pity was due to a dove, That it ever attended the bold, And she called it the sister of Love. But her words such a pleasure convey, So much I her accents adore, Let her speak, and whatever she say, Methinks I should love her the more. Can a bosom so gentle remain Unmoved when her Corydon sighs ? Will a nymph that is fond of the plain, These plains and this valley despise ? Dear regions of silence and shade Soft scenes of contentment and ease ! Where I could have pleasingly strayed, If aught in her absence could please. But where does my Phyllida stray ? And where are her grots and her bowers ? Are the groves and the valleys as gay, And the shepherds as gentle as ours ? The groves may perhaps be as fair, And the face of the valley as fine The swains may in manners compare But their love is not equal to mine. - Sheustone.
[OCR_aligned] II. SECT HOPE 291 I have found out a gift for my fair, I have found where the wood-pigeons breed But let me that plunder forbear, She will say, 'twas a barbarous deed, For he ne'er could be true, she averred, Who could rob a poor bird of its young And I loved her the more when I heard Such tenderness fall from her tongue. I have heard her with sweetness unfold How that pity was due to a dove, That it ever attended the bold, And she called it the sister of Love. But her words such a pleasure convey, So much I her accents adore, Let her speak, and whatever she say, Methinks I should love her the more. Can a bosom so gentle remain Unmoved when her Corydon sighs ? Will a nymph that is fond of the plain, These plains and this valley despise ? Dear regions of silence and shade Soft scenes of contentment and ease ! Where I could have pleasingly strayed, If aught in her absence could please. But where does my Phyllida stray ? And where are her grots and her bowers ? Are the groves and the valleys as gay, And the shepherds as gentle as ours ? The groves may perhaps be as fair, And the face of the valley as fine The swains may in manners compare@ But their love is not equal to mine. - Sheustone.
[ GS_aligned] ######################## found out a gift for my fair, I have found where the wood-pigeons breed But let me that plunder forbear, She will say, 'twas a barbarous deed, For he ne'er could be true, she averred, Who could rob a poor bird of its young And I loved her the more when I heard Such tenderness fall from her tongue. I have heard her with sweetness unfold How that pity was due to a dove, That it ever attended the bold, And she called it the sister of Love. But her words such a pleasure convey, So much I her accents adore, Let her speak, and whatever she say, Methinks I should love her the more. Can a bosom so gentle remain Unmoved when her Corydon sighs ? Will a nymph that is fond of the plain, These plains and this valley despise ? Dear regions of silence and shade Soft scenes of contentment and ease ! Where I could have pleasingly strayed, If aught in her absence could please. But where does my Phyllida stray ? And where are her grots and her bowers ? Are the groves and the valleys as gay, And the shepherds as gentle as ours ? The groves may perhaps be as fair, And the face of the valley as fine The swains may in manners compare, But their love is not equal to mine. -@Shenstone.