[OCR_toInput] SECT. IV. SWEET AUBURN. 341 E'en children followed, with endearing wile, And plucked his gown, to share the good man's smile. His ready smile a parent's warmth expressed, Their welfare pleased him, and their cares distressed To them his heart, his love, his griefs were given, But all his serious thoughts had rest in heaven. As some tall cliff that lifts its awful form, Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm, Though round its breast the rolling clouds are spread, Eternal sunshine settles on its head. Beside yon straggling fence that skirts the way, With blossomed furze unprofitably gay -There, in his noisy mansion, skilled to rule, The village master taught his little school A man severe he was, and stern to view, I knew him well, and every truant knew Well had the boding tremblers learned to trace The day's disasters in his morning face Full well they laughed with counterfeited glee At all his jokes, for many a joke had he Full well the busy whisper, circling round, Conveyed the dismal tidings when he frowned Yet he was kind, or, if severe in aught, The love he bore to learning was in fault. The village all declared how much he knew -'Twas certain he could write, and cipher too Lands he could measure, terms and tides presage, And even the story ran, that he could gauge. In arguing, too, the parson owned his skill, For e'en though vanquished, he could argue still While words of learned length and thundering sound Amazed the gazing rustics ranged around, And still they gazed, and still the wonder grew That one small head should carry all he knew.
[OCR_aligned] SECT. IV. SWEET AUBURN. 341 E'en children followed, with endearing wile, And plucked his gown, to share the good man's smile. His ready smile a parent's warmth expressed, Their welfare pleased him, and their cares distressed To them his heart, his love, his griefs were given, But all his serious thoughts had rest in heaven. As some tall cliff that lifts its awful form, Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm, Though round its breast the rolling clouds are spread, Eternal sunshine settles on its head. Beside yon straggling fence that skirts the way, With blossomed furze unprofitably gay -There, in his noisy mansion, skilled to rule, The village master taught his little school A man severe he was, and stern to view, I knew him well, and every truant knew Well had the boding tremblers learned to trace The day's disasters in his morning face Full well they laughed with counterfeited glee At all his jokes, for many a joke had he Full well the busy whisper, circling round, Conveyed the dismal tidings when he frowned Yet he was kind, or, if severe in aught, The love he bore to learning was in fault. The village all declared how much he knew -'Twas certain he could write, and cipher too Lands he could measure, terms and tides presage, And even the story ran, that he could gauge. In arguing, too, the parson owned his skill, For e'en though vanquished, he could argue still While words of learned length and thundering sound Amazed the gazing rustics ranged around, And still they gazed, and still the wonder grew That one small head should carry all he knew.
[ GS_aligned] ################################ children followed, with endearing wile, And plucked his gown, to share the good man's smile. His ready smile a parent's warmth expressed, Their welfare pleased him, and their cares distressed To them his heart, his love, his griefs were given, But all his serious thoughts had rest in heaven. As some tall cliff that lifts its awful form, Swells from the vale, and midway leaves the storm, Though round its breast the rolling clouds are spread, Eternal sunshine settles on its head. Beside yon straggling fence that skirts the way, With blossomed furze unprofitably gay@-There, in his noisy mansion, skilled to rule, The village master taught his little school A man severe he was, and stern to view, I knew him well, and every truant knew Well had the boding tremblers learned to trace The day's disasters in his morning face Full well they laughed with counterfeited glee At all his jokes, for many a joke had he Full well the busy whisper, circling round, Conveyed the dismal tidings when he frowned Yet he was kind, or, if severe in aught, The love he bore to learning was in fault. The village all declared how much he knew -'Twas certain he could write, and cipher too Lands he could measure, terms and tides presage, And even the story ran, that he could gauge. In arguing, too, the parson owned his skill, For e'en though vanquished, he could argue still While words of learnèd length and thundering sound Amazed the gazing rustics ranged around, And still they gazed, and still the wonder grew That one small head should carry all he knew.