[OCR_toInput] INTRODUCTION. 5 coign of vantage or to enter the cosey room by main force, in rage of disappointment the southeaster slammed my father's iron shutters in his face -and so put an end to his meteorological observations, for that morning at least. The good man turned from the darkened window and left the room, adding, as he bade me good-morning What a day to go to sea ! What a day, indeed ! What a day to go anywhere under the sky worst of all, to go to sea. It was bad enough to be compelled to stir out-of-doors on such a day, or, for that matter even, to move about in-doors bevond the comfortable influence of a blazing hearth. Without pretending to be weatherwise, although I can make good my claim to be considered the son of a weather-prophet of acknowl edged accuracy in making predictions, by aid of a meteorological shoulder and well-tested weather-glass, I could see with half an eye that the Doctor would inevitably catch it, whatever it was or from whichever way it blew, long before he came half-way to Sandy Hook, or by whatever other course he might make bold to venture seaward that April day. In due time, having satisfied my appetite, leisurely looking over the morning papers meanwhile, I rose from the breakfast-table, entertain ing even at that late hour, no more idea of going to sea than I have, as I sit writing these words, of taking my departure forthwith, ere this ink be dry, to the land which lies east of the moon and west of the sun, indeed, I may say - and with no intent to exaggerate - to the Cannibal Islands themselves. Shortly before noon the Doctor, who had prescribed for himself that most agreeable of all remedies, to wit, rest and a sea-voyage, whose preparations to follow his own advice, to take what he would give, I was watching with envious interest, suddenly, without pausing in the operation of packing his trunk, startled me by asking the ques tion How would you like to go to the Caribbean Islands 'i The inquiry smacked of suggestion and contained a pleasant flavor
[OCR_aligned] INTRODUCTION. 5 coign of vantage or to enter the cosey room by main force, in rage of disappointment the southeaster slammed my father's iron shutters in his face -and so put an end to his meteorological observations, for that morning at least. The good man turned from the darkened window and left the room, adding, as he bade me good-morning What a day to go to sea ! What a day, indeed ! What a day to go anywhere under the sky worst of all, to go to sea. It was bad enough to be compelled to stir out-of-doors on such a day, or, for that matter even, to move about in-doors bevond the comfortable influence of a blazing hearth. Without pretending to be weatherwise, although I can make good my claim to be considered the son of a weather-prophet of acknowl edged accuracy in making predictions, by aid of a meteorological shoulder and well-tested weather-glass, I could see with half an eye that the Doctor would inevitably catch it, whatever it was or from whichever way it blew, long before he came half-way to Sandy Hook, or by whatever other course he might make bold to venture seaward that April day. In due time, having satisfied my appetite, leisurely looking over the morning papers meanwhile, I rose from the breakfast-table, entertain ing even at that late hour, no more idea of going to sea than I have, as I sit writing these words, of taking my departure forthwith, ere this ink be dry, to the land which lies east of the moon and west of the sun, indeed, I may say - and with no intent to exaggerate - to the Cannibal Islands themselves. Shortly before noon the Doctor, who had prescribed for himself that most agreeable of all remedies, to wit, rest and a sea-voyage, whose preparations to follow his own advice, to take what he would give, I was watching with envious interest, suddenly, without pausing in the operation of packing his trunk, startled me by asking the ques tion How would you like to go to the Caribbean Islands 'i The inquiry smacked of suggestion and contained a pleasant flavor
[ GS_aligned] ##################### of vantage or to enter the cosey room by main force, in rage of disappointment the southeaster slammed my father's iron shutters in his face @and so put an end to his meteorological observations, for that morning at least. The good man turned from the darkened window and left the room, adding, as he bade me good-morning What a day to go to sea ! What a day, indeed ! What a day to go anywhere under the sky worst of all, to go to sea. It was bad enough to be compelled to stir out-of-doors on such a day, or, for that matter even, to move about in-doors beyond the comfortable influence of a blazing hearth. Without pretending to be weatherwise, although I can make good my claim to be considered the son of a weather-prophet of acknowl-edged accuracy in making predictions, by aid of a meteorological shoulder and well-tested weather-glass, I could see with half an eye that the Doctor would inevitably catch it, whatever it was or from whichever way it blew, long before he came half-way to Sandy Hook, or by whatever other course he might make bold to venture seaward that April day. In due time, having satisfied my appetite, leisurely looking over the morning papers meanwhile, I rose from the breakfast-table, entertain-ing even at that late hour, no more idea of going to sea than I have, as I sit writing these words, of taking my departure forthwith, ere this ink be dry, to the land which lies east of the moon and west of the sun, indeed, I may say@-@and with no intent to exaggerate@-@to the Cannibal Islands themselves. Shortly before noon the Doctor, who had prescribed for himself that most agreeable of all remedies, to wit, rest and a sea-voyage, whose preparations to follow his own advice, to take what he would give, I was watching with envious interest, suddenly, without pausing in the operation of packing his trunk, startled me by asking the ques-tion How would you like to go to the Caribbean Islands @? The inquiry smacked of suggestion and contained a pleasant flavor