[OCR_toInput] 6 DOWN THE ISLANDS. of invitation. What wonder, then, that I eagerly confessed my will ingness, not to say longing, to set out at once, not only to the archipel ago in question, but to any other part of the navigable sea or habitable land to which he might be good enough to ask me to bear him company. Nevertheless, as I made my confession it did not enter my brain to conceive that there was any probability of my going with him on a trip for which he had nearly completed all his preparations and I had made no preparation at all. In a word, I had as soon thought of setting out with him then and there as he of leaving me in charge of his patients during his proposed absence. It is the unexpected that happens. So it fell out that I sat down to dinner at four - bells, that day, hav ing the Doctor for my vis-d-vis at the Captain's table in the cabin of the steamship Barracouta, bound, not, indeed, to the Back of Beyond but, in very truth, to the Cannibal Islands - the original and, mark you ! the first so-called Cannibal Islands which, as everybody ought to know, were discovered in the year 1493 by no less famous a navigator than Christoval Colon himself. It may well be imagined, I did not make haste slowly in my efforts to catch the steamer, which was to sail that day promptly at 2 i m. In deed ! so great was my hurry and excitement that I was half-way to Sandy Hook before I began to realize how I had set out on a voyage which, as it turned out, was to last five weeks to a day. In hot haste, therefore, I took my departure from home and from among my people, not in the manner of a man who was minded to go a-pleasuring, but after the fashion of one who meditates a flight into foreign parts con veniently beyond the ken of extradition treaties.
[OCR_aligned] 6 DOWN THE ISLANDS. of invitation. What wonder, then, that I eagerly confessed my will ingness, not to say longing, to set out at once, not only to the archipel ago in question, but to any other part of the navigable sea or habitable land to which he might be good enough to ask me to bear him company. Nevertheless, as I made my confession it did not enter my brain to conceive that there was any probability of my going with him on a trip for which he had nearly completed all his preparations and I had made no preparation at all. In a word, I had as soon thought of setting out with him then and there as he of leaving me in charge of his patients during his proposed absence. It is the unexpected that happens. So it fell out that I sat down to dinner at four - bells, that day, hav ing the Doctor for my vis-d-vis at the Captain's table in the cabin of the steamship Barracouta, bound, not, indeed, to the Back of Beyond but, in very truth, to the Cannibal Islands - the original and, mark you ! the first so-called Cannibal Islands which, as everybody ought to know, were discovered in the year 1493 by no less famous a navigator than Christoval Colon himself. It may well be imagined, I did not make haste slowly in my efforts to catch the steamer, which was to sail that day promptly at 2 i m. In deed ! so great was my hurry and excitement that I was half-way to Sandy Hook before I began to realize how I had set out on a voyage which, as it turned out, was to last five weeks to a day. In hot haste, therefore, I took my departure from home and from among my people, not in the manner of a man who was minded to go a-pleasuring, but after the fashion of one who meditates a flight into foreign parts con veniently beyond the ken of extradition treaties.
[ GS_aligned] ###################### invitation. What wonder, then, that I eagerly confessed my will-ingness, not to say longing, to set out at once, not only to the archipel-ago in question, but to any other part of the navigable sea or habitable land to which he might be good enough to ask me to bear him company. Nevertheless, as I made my confession it did not enter my brain to conceive that there was any probability of my going with him on a trip for which he had nearly completed all his preparations and I had made no preparation at all. In a word, I had as soon thought of setting out with him then and there as he of leaving me in charge of his patients during his proposed absence. It is the unexpected that happens. So it fell out that I sat down to dinner at four@-@bells, that day, hav-ing the Doctor for my vis-à-vis at the Captain's table in the cabin of the steamship Barracouta, bound, not, indeed, to the Back of Beyond but, in very truth, to the Cannibal Islands@-@the original and, mark you ! the first so-called Cannibal Islands which, as everybody ought to know, were discovered in the year 1493 by no less famous a navigator than Christoval Colon himself. It may well be imagined, I did not make haste slowly in my efforts to catch the steamer, which was to sail that day promptly at 2 P.M. In-deed ! so great was my hurry and excitement that I was half-way to Sandy Hook before I began to realize how I had set out on a voyage which, as it turned out, was to last five weeks to a day. In hot haste, therefore, I took my departure from home and from among my people, not in the manner of a man who was minded to go a-pleasuring, but after the fashion of one who meditates a flight into foreign parts con-veniently beyond the ken of extradition treaties.