[OCR_toInput] 8 DOWN THE ISLANDS. gear, standing exposed to the weather forward of the deck-house, looked pinched and utterly woe-begone, clinging desperately as if frozen fast to the spokes of the wheel which, in its oscillations, seemed to move, not to be moved or controlled by, him. On deck a few pas sengers stuck it out obstinately, cowering in the lee of the smoke-stack. Two able-bodied sea travellers, the Doctor and the companion of his travels, tramped valiantly up and down, taking exercise for to-morrow and trying their sea-legs. As the steamer passed through the Narrows, Stateu Island and the Bay Bidge shore showed chill and desolate, all the trees gaunt and leafless, the meadows sere and frost-bound moreover, there was a broad fringe of ice all round the sea-wall of Fort Lafayette. On Coney Island and all along the New Jersey strand great waves flung themselves high up on the beach, and long before the Barracouta passed the Hook great billows charged in from the warring sea to meet her. Out on the open it was dreary and bitterly cold. I thought of the store of summer clothing in my trunks below, and shivered miserably, although crowded close to the warm side of the smoke-stack. Three days later the mere mention or remembrance of winter wraps brought the perspiration to my brow as I sat in the shade of the deck-awning. Night came on, and a dirty night it proved to be, but the ship struggled bravely summerward, leaving winter, knot by knot, astern. Far away beneath the Southern Cross lay our desired haven, beyond the blue waters where it is always spring or summer, where there is no ice nor snow, chill winds nor frosty weather. Shortly before dark we heard a great alarum high overhead, the honking of a flock of wild geese winging their way to the ice-bound North from which we were hastening. The apparition of the steamer with its long plume of inky smoke startled them for a few moments the long line of their flight was broken- their rank, falling into con fusion, swerved from its direct course like a file of soldiers thrown out of step. Then the swiftest and, presumably, the wisest, members of the company went quickly to the front, with loud trumpeting, to
[OCR_aligned] 8 DOWN THE ISLANDS. gear, standing exposed to the weather forward of the deck-house, looked pinched and utterly woe-begone, clinging desperately as if frozen fast to the spokes of the wheel which, in its oscillations, seemed to move, not to be moved or controlled by, him. On deck a few pas sengers stuck it out obstinately, cowering in the lee of the smoke-stack. Two able-bodied sea travellers, the Doctor and the companion of his travels, tramped valiantly up and down, taking exercise for to-morrow and trying their sea-legs. As the steamer passed through the Narrows, Stateu Island and the Bay Bidge shore showed chill and desolate, all the trees gaunt and leafless, the meadows sere and frost-bound moreover, there was a broad fringe of ice all round the sea-wall of Fort Lafayette. On Coney Island and all along the New Jersey strand great waves flung themselves high up on the beach, and long before the Barracouta passed the Hook great billows charged in from the warring sea to meet her. Out on the open it was dreary and bitterly cold. I thought of the store of summer clothing in my trunks below, and shivered miserably, although crowded close to the warm side of the smoke-stack. Three days later the mere mention or remembrance of winter wraps brought the perspiration to my brow as I sat in the shade of the deck-awning. Night came on, and a dirty night it proved to be, but the ship struggled bravely summerward, leaving winter, knot by knot, astern. Far away beneath the Southern Cross lay our desired haven, beyond the blue waters where it is always spring or summer, where there is no ice nor snow, chill winds nor frosty weather. Shortly before dark we heard a great alarum high overhead, the honking of a flock of wild geese winging their way to the ice-bound North from which we were hastening. The apparition of the steamer with its long plume of inky smoke startled them for a few moments the long line of their flight was broken- their rank, falling into con fusion, swerved from its direct course like a file of soldiers thrown out of step. Then the swiftest and, presumably, the wisest, members of the company went quickly to the front, with loud trumpeting, to
[ GS_aligned] ######################### standing exposed to the weather forward of the deck-house, looked pinched and utterly woe-begone, clinging desperately as if frozen fast to the spokes of the wheel which, in its oscillations, seemed to move, not to be moved or controlled by, him. On deck a few pas-sengers stuck it out obstinately, cowering in the lee of the smoke-stack. Two able-bodied sea travellers, the Doctor and the companion of his travels, tramped valiantly up and down, taking exercise for to-morrow and trying their sea-legs. As the steamer passed through the Narrows, Staten Island and the Bay Ridge shore showed chill and desolate, all the trees gaunt and leafless, the meadows sere and frost-bound moreover, there was a broad fringe of ice all round the sea-wall of Fort Lafayette. On Coney Island and all along the New Jersey strand great waves flung themselves high up on the beach, and long before the Barracouta passed the Hook great billows charged in from the warring sea to meet her. Out on the open it was dreary and bitterly cold. I thought of the store of summer clothing in my trunks below, and shivered miserably, although crowded close to the warm side of the smoke-stack. Three days later the mere mention or remembrance of winter wraps brought the perspiration to my brow as I sat in the shade of the deck-awning. Night came on, and a dirty night it proved to be, but the ship struggled bravely summerward, leaving winter, knot by knot, astern. Far away beneath the Southern Cross lay our desired haven, beyond the blue waters where it is always spring or summer, where there is no ice nor snow, chill winds nor frosty weather. Shortly before dark we heard a great alarum high overhead, the honking of a flock of wild geese winging their way to the ice-bound North from which we were hastening. The apparition of the steamer with its long plume of inky smoke startled them for a few moments the long line of their flight was broken-@their rank, falling into con-fusion, swerved from its direct course like a file of soldiers thrown out of step. Then the swiftest and, presumably, the wisest, members of the company went quickly to the front, with loud trumpeting, to