[OCR_toInput] AVOYAGE TO THE CARIBBEES. 17 among the islands composing what would fitly, and might well, in honor of their discoverer be named the Columbian Archipelago, that he imagined he had reached the Ante-Illas - the Forward - that is to say, the outlying islands, the advance-sentinels guarding the coast of the mysterious country where there were great cities and untold stores of precious stones. Peter Martyr, who was personally acquainted with the great Genovese or was he a Corsican, as has been lately claimed , writing during the same year that Christopher Columbus returned from his first expedition in search of the new world, states The great ad miral gives it out that he has discovered the island Ophir, but after considering the world as laid down by cosmographers, those must be the islands called Antillae. Early Spanish navigators, accepting this theory, called the islands, now known to English-speaking people as the West Indies, Antillia. When wider explorations had added in numerable islands to their charts, they divided the Columbian Ar chipelago into two groups, naming them, respectively, Islas de Lu cayas and Islas de los Caribes, or de los Cannibales. Of the first-named islands, which we now call the Bahamas, I need but to recall the fact that on the morning of October 13, 1492, Colum bus on his first voyage of discovery sighted the island called by the natives Guanihane - and gave to it the name San Salvador. This was his first sight of the new world. On his second voyage, in the year 1493, Columbus discovered the Caribbean Archipelago in such manner as I shall hereafter relate. The islands of the Caribs and of the Cannibals were known to the Spaniards at a later date, and are set down on their charts, even until this very day, as Islas de Barlovento and Islas de Sotavento -that is to say, the Windward and Leeward Islands. Strictly speaking the Leeward Islands were and are, Cuba, Jamaica, Hispaniola or Hayti, and Porto Bico they are also called the Greater Antilles while the smaller islands which extend for eight hundred and fifty miles, in a remarkably regular curve, from the southeastern point of 2
[OCR_aligned] AVOYAGE TO THE CARIBBEES. 17 among the islands composing what would fitly, and might well, in honor of their discoverer be named the Columbian Archipelago, that he imagined he had reached the Ante-Illas - the Forward - that is to say, the outlying islands, the advance-sentinels guarding the coast of the mysterious country where there were great cities and untold stores of precious stones. Peter Martyr, who was personally acquainted with the great Genovese or was he a Corsican, as has been lately claimed , writing during the same year that Christopher Columbus returned from his first expedition in search of the new world, states The great ad miral gives it out that he has discovered the island Ophir, but after considering the world as laid down by cosmographers, those must be the islands called Antillae. Early Spanish navigators, accepting this theory, called the islands, now known to English-speaking people as the West Indies, Antillia. When wider explorations had added in numerable islands to their charts, they divided the Columbian Ar chipelago into two groups, naming them, respectively, Islas de Lu cayas and Islas de los Caribes, or de los Cannibales. Of the first-named islands, which we now call the Bahamas, I need but to recall the fact that on the morning of October 13, 1492, Colum bus on his first voyage of discovery sighted the island called by the natives Guanihane - and gave to it the name San Salvador. This was his first sight of the new world. On his second voyage, in the year 1493, Columbus discovered the Caribbean Archipelago in such manner as I shall hereafter relate. The islands of the Caribs and of the Cannibals were known to the Spaniards at a later date, and are set down on their charts, even until this very day, as Islas de Barlovento and Islas de Sotavento -that is to say, the Windward and Leeward Islands. Strictly speaking the Leeward Islands were and are, Cuba, Jamaica, Hispaniola or Hayti, and Porto Bico they are also called the Greater Antilles while the smaller islands which extend for eight hundred and fifty miles, in a remarkably regular curve, from the southeastern point of 2
[ GS_aligned] ################################## the islands composing what would fitly, and might well, in honor of their discoverer be named the Columbian Archipelago, that he imagined he had reached the Ante-Illas@-@the Forward@-@that is to say, the outlying islands, the advance-sentinels guarding the coast of the mysterious country where there were great cities and untold stores of precious stones. Peter Martyr, who was personally acquainted with the great Genovese or was he a Corsican, as has been lately claimed , writing during the same year that Christopher Columbus returned from his first expedition in search of the new world, states The great ad-miral gives it out that he has discovered the island Ophir, but after considering the world as laid down by cosmographers, those must be the islands called Antillae. Early Spanish navigators, accepting this theory, called the islands, now known to English-speaking people as the West Indies, Antillia. When wider explorations had added in-numerable islands to their charts, they divided the Columbian Ar-chipelago into two groups, naming them, respectively, Islas de Lu-cayas and Islas de los Caribes, or de los Cannibales. Of the first-named islands, which we now call the Bahamas, I need but to recall the fact that on the morning of October 13, 1492, Colum-bus on his first voyage of discovery sighted the island called by the natives Guanihane -@and gave to it the name San Salvador. This was his first sight of the new world. On his second voyage, in the year 1493, Columbus discovered the Caribbean Archipelago in such manner as I shall hereafter relate. The islands of the Caribs and of the Cannibals were known to the Spaniards at a later date, and are set down on their charts, even until this very day, as Islas de Barlovento and Islas de Sotavento -that is to say, the Windward and Leeward Islands. Strictly speaking the Leeward Islands were and are, Cuba, Jamaica, Hispaniola or Hayti, and Porto Rico they are also called the Greater Antilles while the smaller islands which extend for eight hundred and fifty miles, in a remarkably regular curve, from the southeastern point of #