[OCR_toInput] 20 DOWN THE ISLANDS. collect the eggs. Now the birds have deserted their breeding-ground, and save for the human-kind laboring upon it there are no other living things to be found upon the rock except black lizards a few inches in length. There is little sweet-water to be found upon the island, for only a scant supply collects in the hollows of the rock during infrequent rains. This light-station, at the grand gate to the Caribbean Sea, lies in the channel between Anegada, the northernmost of the Virgin Islands, and Anguilla, the northeasternmost of the Caribbees it is forty-seven miles distant from the former, and bears northwest twenty-five miles from the edge of the reefs surrounding the latter. Sombrero is a little less than one mile in length from N.N.E. to S.S.W., not more than a thousand feet wide at its broadest part the lighthouse upon the southeast side of it stands in latitude 13° 35' 45 N., longitude 63° 27' 46 W. It shows, from an altitude of one hundred and fifty feet above the sea, a white light, revolving once a minute, visible about twenty miles from all points of the compass. Both to the east and to the west of Sombrero the channels are well-defined, so that vessels, having made this landfall, may go in safety either in enter ing or in leaving the Caribbean Sea. Before the establishment of the light-house many vessels, losing their bearings, were wrecked upon the reefs which surround and outlie the nearest of the Virgin and other islands. The Barracouta passed close by Sombrero on its leeward side, within a quarter of a mile of the landing-place although we saluted the little colony with a blast of steam-whistle and by dipping our ensign, we received no answer or recognition, notwithstanding we could see people walking about on the shore, looking, at the distance, like black and brown ants on a great lump of white sugar. Anguilla, twenty-five miles, and St. Martin, forty miles distant, re spectively were in plain sight from Sombrero, and shortly after leav ing it behind us Saba came distinctly into view sixty miles away to the east of south presently St. Eustatius uplifted its pyramid still more to the east, at a distance of seventy-five miles then, as we con-
[OCR_aligned] 20 DOWN THE ISLANDS. collect the eggs. Now the birds have deserted their breeding-ground, and save for the human-kind laboring upon it there are no other living things to be found upon the rock except black lizards a few inches in length. There is little sweet-water to be found upon the island, for only a scant supply collects in the hollows of the rock during infrequent rains. This light-station, at the grand gate to the Caribbean Sea, lies in the channel between Anegada, the northernmost of the Virgin Islands, and Anguilla, the northeasternmost of the Caribbees it is forty-seven miles distant from the former, and bears northwest twenty-five miles from the edge of the reefs surrounding the latter. Sombrero is a little less than one mile in length from N.N.E. to S.S.W., not more than a thousand feet wide at its broadest part the lighthouse upon the southeast side of it stands in latitude 13° 35' 45@ N., longitude 63° 27' 46@ W. It shows, from an altitude of one hundred and fifty feet above the sea, a white light, revolving once a minute, visible about twenty miles from all points of the compass. Both to the east and to the west of Sombrero the channels are well-defined, so that vessels, having made this landfall, may go in safety either in enter ing or in leaving the Caribbean Sea. Before the establishment of the light-house many vessels, losing their bearings, were wrecked upon the reefs which surround and outlie the nearest of the Virgin and other islands. The Barracouta passed close by Sombrero on its leeward side, within a quarter of a mile of the landing-place although we saluted the little colony with a blast of steam-whistle and by dipping our ensign, we received no answer or recognition, notwithstanding we could see people walking about on the shore, looking, at the distance, like black and brown ants on a great lump of white sugar. Anguilla, twenty-five miles, and St. Martin, forty miles distant, re spectively were in plain sight from Sombrero, and shortly after leav ing it behind us Saba came distinctly into view sixty miles away to the east of south presently St. Eustatius uplifted its pyramid still more to the east, at a distance of seventy-five miles then, as we con-
[ GS_aligned] ############################ the eggs. Now the birds have deserted their breeding-ground, and save for the human-kind laboring upon it there are no other living things to be found upon the rock except black lizards a few inches in length. There is little sweet-water to be found upon the island, for only a scant supply collects in the hollows of the rock during infrequent rains. This light-station, at the grand gate to the Caribbean Sea, lies in the channel between Anegada, the northernmost of the Virgin Islands, and Anguilla, the northeasternmost of the Caribbees it is forty-seven miles distant from the former, and bears northwest twenty-five miles from the edge of the reefs surrounding the latter. Sombrero is a little less than one mile in length from N.N.E. to S.S.W., not more than a thousand feet wide at its broadest part the lighthouse upon the southeast side of it stands in latitude 13° 35′ 45″ N., longitude 63° 27′ 46″ W. It shows, from an altitude of one hundred and fifty feet above the sea, a white light, revolving once a minute, visible about twenty miles from all points of the compass. Both to the east and to the west of Sombrero the channels are well-defined, so that vessels, having made this landfall, may go in safety either in enter-ing or in leaving the Caribbean Sea. Before the establishment of the light-house many vessels, losing their bearings, were wrecked upon the reefs which surround and outlie the nearest of the Virgin and other islands. The Barracouta passed close by Sombrero on its leeward side, within a quarter of a mile of the landing-place although we saluted the little colony with a blast of steam-whistle and by dipping our ensign, we received no answer or recognition, notwithstanding we could see people walking about on the shore, looking, at the distance, like black and brown ants on a great lump of white sugar. Anguilla, twenty-five miles, and St. Martin, forty miles distant, re-spectively were in plain sight from Sombrero, and shortly after leav-ing it behind us Saba came distinctly into view sixty miles away to the east of south presently St. Eustatius uplifted its pyramid still more to the east, at a distance of seventy-five miles then, as we con-