[OCR_toInput] AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. 23 apparently too lazy to breathe. They snored instead ! When the Salmagundian had contemplated the drowsy scene, he mumbled something about charcoal-paper and making a sketch, but he never carried out his threat. Once, after a long silence, he pulled himself together sufficiently to mutter in a weary tone, as if dazed and over come by the discovery The ship joggles ! Once he attempted to leave his deck-chair, but sank back spine lessly a far-away look came into his eyes, his mind wandered, and so, with a great sigh, softly murmuring We're a nod lot, he flickered, so to speak, for an instant, and went out into forgetfulness. The Salmagundian slept ! What an afternoon it was when we sighted the most northern group of the lovely Caribbees ! I shall never forget it. Beader, I shall not try it would be utterly useless, so far beyond the power of words to describe the glory of it. Even now, long afterward, to think of it awakens memories of sensuous de light it seems as if, eons ago, I had lived with the lotos-eaters - had visited the land where it is always afternoon. After leaving Sombrero astern the steamer passed within a few miles of Anguilla Anguis Insula , or Snake Island, a long, narrow, serpentine strip of land - as its name implies, an almost treeless plain - inhabited by herdsmen who make but little, if any, attempt to cultivate the unfruitful soil or prepare scant pasturage for a few miser able herds of cattle and half-starved flocks of sheep that bite the herbage, as Dr. Sam Johnson would have said - graze would be too enthusiastic a term to describe their futile efforts to fill their bellies with sun-dried grass and weeds. More than two hundred years ago the French settlers of St. Chris topher sent an agent to spy out this island. On his return from his mission he reported to his countrymen ISisle n'est pas estimee valoir la peine qu'on la garde ni qu'on la cultiveP And his people, accepting this low estimate of the value and fer-
[OCR_aligned] AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. 23 apparently too lazy to breathe. They snored instead ! When the Salmagundian had contemplated the drowsy scene, he mumbled something about charcoal-paper and making a sketch, but he never carried out his threat. Once, after a long silence, he pulled himself together sufficiently to mutter in a weary tone, as if dazed and over come by the discovery The ship joggles ! Once he attempted to leave his deck-chair, but sank back spine lessly a far-away look came into his eyes, his mind wandered, and so, with a great sigh, softly murmuring We're a nod lot, he flickered, so to speak, for an instant, and went out into forgetfulness. The Salmagundian slept ! What an afternoon it was when we sighted the most northern group of the lovely Caribbees ! I shall never forget it. Beader, I shall not try it would be utterly useless, so far beyond the power of words to describe the glory of it. Even now, long afterward, to think of it awakens memories of sensuous de light it seems as if, eons ago, I had lived with the lotos-eaters - had visited the land where it is always afternoon. After leaving Sombrero astern the steamer passed within a few miles of Anguilla Anguis Insula , or Snake Island, a long, narrow, serpentine strip of land - as its name implies, an almost treeless plain - inhabited by herdsmen who make but little, if any, attempt to cultivate the unfruitful soil or prepare scant pasturage for a few miser able herds of cattle and half-starved flocks of sheep that bite the herbage, as Dr. Sam Johnson would have said - graze would be too enthusiastic a term to describe their futile efforts to fill their bellies with sun-dried grass and weeds. More than two hundred years ago the French settlers of St. Chris topher sent an agent to spy out this island. On his return from his mission he reported to his countrymen ISisle n'est pas estimee valoir la peine qu'on la garde ni qu'on la cultiveP And his people, accepting this low estimate of the value and fer-
[ GS_aligned] ################################### too lazy to breathe. They snored instead ! When the Salmagundian had contemplated the drowsy scene, he mumbled something about charcoal-paper and making a sketch, but he never carried out his threat. Once, after a long silence, he pulled himself together sufficiently to mutter in a weary tone, as if dazed and over-come by the discovery The ship joggles ! Once he attempted to leave his deck-chair, but sank back spine-lessly a far-away look came into his eyes, his mind wandered, and so, with a great sigh, softly murmuring We're a nod lot, he flickered, so to speak, for an instant, and went out into forgetfulness. The Salmagundian slept ! What an afternoon it was when we sighted the most northern group of the lovely Caribbees ! I shall never forget it. Reader, I shall not try it would be utterly useless, so far beyond the power of words to describe the glory of it. Even now, long afterward, to think of it awakens memories of sensuous de-light it seems as if, eons ago, I had lived with the lotos-eaters@-@had visited the land where it is always afternoon. After leaving Sombrero astern the steamer passed within a few miles of Anguilla Anguis Insula , or Snake Island, a long, narrow, serpentine strip of land@-@as its name implies, an almost treeless plain -@inhabited by herdsmen who make but little, if any, attempt to cultivate the unfruitful soil or prepare scant pasturage for a few miser-able herds of cattle and half-starved flocks of sheep that bite the herbage, as Dr. Sam Johnson would have said@- graze would be too enthusiastic a term to describe their futile efforts to fill their bellies with sun-dried grass and weeds. More than two hundred years ago the French settlers of St. Chris-topher sent an agent to spy out this island. On his return from his mission he reported to his countrymen L'isle n'est pas estimee valoir la peine qu'on la garde ni qu'on la cultive. And his people, accepting this low estimate of the value and fer-