[OCR_toInput] AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. 25 they seemed to have, drove the peaceful toilers of the sea from the island and occupied their settlements. The Wild Irish enjoyed, for a time at least, all the privileges of home rule, and the statement made by West Indian historians, that the colonists spent the time in fighting among themselves like Kilkenny cats, until the Government of Great Britain assumed the direction of their affairs, without the formality of conquest or treaty of annexation, may be, and probably, in justice, had better be, taken with a charitable pinch of salt. Be all that as it may, Anguilla became a British colony, and has re mained under English rule until this day. The population of the island is estimated to be nearly two thou sand five hundred souls, whereof only one hundred are whites, all the rest being either colored or of pure African blood. The island is under the Presidency of St. Christopher, but has a local government of its own, at the head of which is a stipendiary magistrate whose salary is a charge on the Imperial exchequer. This official is chair man of a vestry composed of three members elected by the islanders, and three chosen by the Crown these seven gentlemen conduct the affairs of the colony, directing the disbursement of an annual revenue of less than £600. It is fair to say that the annual expenditures at no time exceed the income of this little government, and it may there fore be presumed that the taxation to which the people of Anguilla are subjected is not very grievous to be borne, seeing that it amounts to no more than five shillings per capita per annum. There are two local courts on the island, from which an appeal lies to the Supreme Court of the Leeward Islands. Anguilla extends northeast and southwest for fourteen miles, and is at no place of greater breadth than three miles. On its northern side the hills rise to the height of two hundred feet, the highest eleva tion being in the neighborhood of Crocus Bay, where is the chief settlement, Toward the south and west the land falls away to the sea, the southern shore being low, at a short distance seaward barely show ing above high-water mark. Around this main island are numerous
[OCR_aligned] AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. 25 they seemed to have, drove the peaceful toilers of the sea from the island and occupied their settlements. The Wild Irish enjoyed, for a time at least, all the privileges of home rule, and the statement made by West Indian historians, that the colonists spent the time in fighting among themselves like Kilkenny cats, until the Government of Great Britain assumed the direction of their affairs, without the formality of conquest or treaty of annexation, may be, and probably, in justice, had better be, taken with a charitable pinch of salt. Be all that as it may, Anguilla became a British colony, and has re mained under English rule until this day. The population of the island is estimated to be nearly two thou sand five hundred souls, whereof only one hundred are whites, all the rest being either colored or of pure African blood. The island is under the Presidency of St. Christopher, but has a local government of its own, at the head of which is a stipendiary magistrate whose salary is a charge on the Imperial exchequer. This official is chair man of a vestry composed of three members elected by the islanders, and three chosen by the Crown these seven gentlemen conduct the affairs of the colony, directing the disbursement of an annual revenue of less than £600. It is fair to say that the annual expenditures at no time exceed the income of this little government, and it may there fore be presumed that the taxation to which the people of Anguilla are subjected is not very grievous to be borne, seeing that it amounts to no more than five shillings per capita per annum. There are two local courts on the island, from which an appeal lies to the Supreme Court of the Leeward Islands. Anguilla extends northeast and southwest for fourteen miles, and is at no place of greater breadth than three miles. On its northern side the hills rise to the height of two hundred feet, the highest eleva tion being in the neighborhood of Crocus Bay, where is the chief settlement, Toward the south and west the land falls away to the sea, the southern shore being low, at a short distance seaward barely show ing above high-water mark. Around this main island are numerous
[ GS_aligned] ############################# seemed to have, drove the peaceful toilers of the sea from the island and occupied their settlements. The Wild Irish enjoyed, for a time at least, all the privileges of home rule, and the statement made by West Indian historians, that the colonists spent the time in fighting among themselves like Kilkenny cats, until the Government of Great Britain assumed the direction of their affairs, without the formality of conquest or treaty of annexation, may be, and probably, in justice, had better be, taken with a charitable pinch of salt. Be all that as it may, Anguilla became a British colony, and has re-mained under English rule until this day. The population of the island is estimated to be nearly two thou-sand five hundred souls, whereof only one hundred are whites, all the rest being either colored or of pure African blood. The island is under the Presidency of St. Christopher, but has a local government of its own, at the head of which is a stipendiary magistrate whose salary is a charge on the Imperial exchequer. This official is chair-man of a vestry composed of three members elected by the islanders, and three chosen by the Crown these seven gentlemen conduct the affairs of the colony, directing the disbursement of an annual revenue of less than £600. It is fair to say that the annual expenditures at no time exceed the income of this little government, and it may there-fore be presumed that the taxation to which the people of Anguilla are subjected is not very grievous to be borne, seeing that it amounts to no more than five shillings per capita per annum. There are two local courts on the island, from which an appeal lies to the Supreme Court of the Leeward Islands. Anguilla extends northeast and southwest for fourteen miles, and is at no place of greater breadth than three miles. On its northern side the hills rise to the height of two hundred feet, the highest eleva-tion being in the neighborhood of Crocus Bay, where is the chief settlement. Toward the south and west the land falls away to the sea, the southern shore being low, at a short distance seaward barely show-ing above high-water mark. Around this main island are numerous