[OCR_toInput] 26 DOWN THE ISLANDS. islets. Scrub Islet, also called Anguillita, lies to the east, distant about a quarter of a mile this, and Dog Island on the northwest, are the largest of the outlying dependencies. The channel between Anguilla and St. Martin to the south is four miles wide, affording a safe passage for the largest ships. Anguilla lies sixty miles northwest of St. Christopher. There is little to attract attention to this flat and uninteresting place nevertheless, it seemed beautiful to me. Even the parched moorland in the afternoon light put on a garb of rich and mellow coloring, and all around the sea framed it in, making a picture of great loveliness, wonderful for the effect of softly blending outlines and deli cate shading. To the south, in striking contrast to the low, uninteresting, level plain of Anguilla, St. Martin towers above the sea in picturesque grandeur. We passed within five miles of its leeward coast, upon which the sunlight of afternoon shone, glorifying all the western shore. The mountains and Savannahs presented an exquisite landscape of rare color, flecked by shadows of drifting clouds, the sombre tints of for ests and darkened valleys all showing like an embroidered pattern of oriental carpeting. Fertile meadows and plantations spread over the hill-sides between the sea-shore and the dense forests on the mountain-steeps here and there villages, isolated dwellings, and hamlets of white-walled farm buildings, loosed with red tiles, appeared among groves of palms and fruit-bearing trees. On the sea, between the steamer's wake and rugged cliffs overhanging a long margin of breakers, the sails of fish ing-boats glistened in the sunlight as the steady northeast trade-wind wafted them far out from shore. We were loath to hasten past so lovely a picture, but comforted ourselves with the thought that on our return homeward we might perhaps feast our eyes with one more view of St. Martin, our first love. The early Spanish navigators used to resort to this island for the purpose of procuring salt, which was taken in great abundance from
[OCR_aligned] 26 DOWN THE ISLANDS. islets. Scrub Islet, also called Anguillita, lies to the east, distant about a quarter of a mile this, and Dog Island on the northwest, are the largest of the outlying dependencies. The channel between Anguilla and St. Martin to the south is four miles wide, affording a safe passage for the largest ships. Anguilla lies sixty miles northwest of St. Christopher. There is little to attract attention to this flat and uninteresting place nevertheless, it seemed beautiful to me. Even the parched moorland in the afternoon light put on a garb of rich and mellow coloring, and all around the sea framed it in, making a picture of great loveliness, wonderful for the effect of softly blending outlines and deli cate shading. To the south, in striking contrast to the low, uninteresting, level plain of Anguilla, St. Martin towers above the sea in picturesque grandeur. We passed within five miles of its leeward coast, upon which the sunlight of afternoon shone, glorifying all the western shore. The mountains and Savannahs presented an exquisite landscape of rare color, flecked by shadows of drifting clouds, the sombre tints of for ests and darkened valleys all showing like an embroidered pattern of oriental carpeting. Fertile meadows and plantations spread over the hill-sides between the sea-shore and the dense forests on the mountain-steeps here and there villages, isolated dwellings, and hamlets of white-walled farm buildings, loosed with red tiles, appeared among groves of palms and fruit-bearing trees. On the sea, between the steamer's wake and rugged cliffs overhanging a long margin of breakers, the sails of fish ing-boats glistened in the sunlight as the steady northeast trade-wind wafted them far out from shore. We were loath to hasten past so lovely a picture, but comforted ourselves with the thought that on our return homeward we might perhaps feast our eyes with one more view of St. Martin, our first love. The early Spanish navigators used to resort to this island for the purpose of procuring salt, which was taken in great abundance from
[ GS_aligned] ############################ Scrub Islet, also called Anguillita, lies to the east, distant about a quarter of a mile this, and Dog Island on the northwest, are the largest of the outlying dependencies. The channel between Anguilla and St. Martin to the south is four miles wide, affording a safe passage for the largest ships. Anguilla lies sixty miles northwest of St. Christopher. There is little to attract attention to this flat and uninteresting place nevertheless, it seemed beautiful to me. Even the parched moorland in the afternoon light put on a garb of rich and mellow coloring, and all around the sea framed it in, making a picture of great loveliness, wonderful for the effect of softly blending outlines and deli-cate shading. To the south, in striking contrast to the low, uninteresting, level plain of Anguilla, St. Martin towers above the sea in picturesque grandeur. We passed within five miles of its leeward coast, upon which the sunlight of afternoon shone, glorifying all the western shore. The mountains and savannahs presented an exquisite landscape of rare color, flecked by shadows of drifting clouds, the sombre tints of for-ests and darkened valleys all showing like an embroidered pattern of oriental carpeting. Fertile meadows and plantations spread over the hill-sides between the sea-shore and the dense forests on the mountain-steeps here and there villages, isolated dwellings, and hamlets of white-walled farm-buildings, roofed with red tiles, appeared among groves of palms and fruit-bearing trees. On the sea, between the steamer's wake and rugged cliffs overhanging a long margin of breakers, the sails of fish-ing-boats glistened in the sunlight as the steady northeast trade-wind wafted them far out from shore. We were loath to hasten past so lovely a picture, but comforted ourselves with the thought that on our return homeward we might perhaps feast our eyes with one more view of St. Martin, our first love. The early Spanish navigators used to resort to this island for the purpose of procuring salt, which was taken in great abundance from