[OCR_toInput] AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. 27 natural pans along the shore but they made no lasting settlements, and St. Martin was not occupied permanently until the Dutch and French entered into joint possession of it, and the descendants of these early settlers continue until this day living peaceably together on the island, preserving the traditions and language, the manners and time-honored customs, of their forefathers. The Dutch were the first to arrive in the island after the Spaniards left it - being led thither from St. Eustatius by no less celebrated a personage than Admiral de Buyter, who happened to be cruising in these seas at the time. The French came to St. Martin shortly after the Dutch, and, by an amicable ar rangement with the representative of the States General, divided the island with them, keeping the northwest part for themselves, while the Hollanders withdrew to the southeastern portion, congratulat ing themselves upon having the best of the bargain, seeing that the most profitable salt-ponds were included in their reservation. At first the Dutch outnumbered the French, but in these latter days this order of things has been reversed - the latest enumeration of the in habitants showing that, while there are between four or five thousand citoyens who shrug the shoulder, there are less than three thousand burghers who lay the forefinger alongside the nose. As was to be ex pected, there has been considerable confusion of tongues in naming places, bodies of water, and divisions of the dry land, in .this colony, divided as it is between the people of two nations thus we find Philipslurg, the seat of government of the Dutch part of the island, at the head of Grande Baie, the entrance to which is, or rather was in days gone by, guarded by Fort Willem aud Fort Amsterdam. Morne de la Fortune, a conical peak forming a bold promontory, juts far into the sea from the northwest coast, confronting Oostenberg, a promi nent landmark soaring heavenward a few miles farther to the south. There is a Baie d 'Orient, an Anse de la Grande Case, and bays with names as Dutch as Zuyder Zee. Finally, just as the men of ancient Athens erected an altar to the Unknown, so did some of the early set tlers of St. Martin - heaven only knows if they were of Hollandish or
[OCR_aligned] AN AFTERNOON ON DECK. 27 natural pans along the shore but they made no lasting settlements, and St. Martin was not occupied permanently until the Dutch and French entered into joint possession of it, and the descendants of these early settlers continue until this day living peaceably together on the island, preserving the traditions and language, the manners and time-honored customs, of their forefathers. The Dutch were the first to arrive in the island after the Spaniards left it - being led thither from St. Eustatius by no less celebrated a personage than Admiral de Buyter, who happened to be cruising in these seas at the time. The French came to St. Martin shortly after the Dutch, and, by an amicable ar rangement with the representative of the States General, divided the island with them, keeping the northwest part for themselves, while the Hollanders withdrew to the southeastern portion, congratulat ing themselves upon having the best of the bargain, seeing that the most profitable salt-ponds were included in their reservation. At first the Dutch outnumbered the French, but in these latter days this order of things has been reversed - the latest enumeration of the in habitants showing that, while there are between four or five thousand citoyens who shrug the shoulder, there are less than three thousand burghers who lay the forefinger alongside the nose. As was to be ex pected, there has been considerable confusion of tongues in naming places, bodies of water, and divisions of the dry land, in .this colony, divided as it is between the people of two nations thus we find Philipslurg, the seat of government of the Dutch part of the island, at the head of Grande Baie, the entrance to which is, or rather was in days gone by, guarded by Fort Willem aud Fort Amsterdam. Morne de la Fortune, a conical peak forming a bold promontory, juts far into the sea from the northwest coast, confronting Oostenberg, a promi nent landmark soaring heavenward a few miles farther to the south. There is a Baie d 'Orient, an Anse de la Grande Case, and bays with names as Dutch as Zuyder Zee. Finally, just as the men of ancient Athens erected an altar to the Unknown, so did some of the early set tlers of St. Martin - heaven only knows if they were of Hollandish or
[ GS_aligned] ################################ pans along the shore but they made no lasting settlements, and St. Martin was not occupied permanently until the Dutch and French entered into joint possession of it, and the descendants of these early settlers continue until this day living peaceably together on the island, preserving the traditions and language, the manners and time-honored customs, of their forefathers. The Dutch were the first to arrive in the island after the Spaniards left it@-@being led thither from St. Eustatius by no less celebrated a personage than Admiral de Ruyter, who happened to be cruising in these seas at the time. The French came to St. Martin shortly after the Dutch, and, by an amicable ar-rangement with the representative of the States General, divided the island with them, keeping the northwest part for themselves, while the Hollanders withdrew to the southeastern portion, congratulat-ing themselves upon having the best of the bargain, seeing that the most profitable salt-ponds were included in their reservation. At first the Dutch outnumbered the French, but in these latter days this order of things has been reversed@-@the latest enumeration of the in-habitants showing that, while there are between four or five thousand citoyens who shrug the shoulder, there are less than three thousand burghers who lay the forefinger alongside the nose. As was to be ex-pected, there has been considerable confusion of tongues in naming places, bodies of water, and divisions of the dry land, in @this colony, divided as it is between the people of two nations thus we find Philipsburg, the seat of government of the Dutch part of the island, at the head of Grande Baie, the entrance to which is, or rather was in days gone by, guarded by Fort Willem and Fort Amsterdam. Morne de la Fortune, a conical peak forming a bold promontory, juts far into the sea from the northwest coast, confronting Oostenberg, a promi-nent landmark soaring heavenward a few miles farther to the south. There is a Baie d@'Orient, an Anse de la Grande Case, and bays with names as Dutch as Zuyder Zee. Finally, just as the men of ancient Athens erected an altar to the Unknown, so did some of the early set-tlers of St. Martin@-@heaven only knows if they were of Hollandish or