[OCR_toInput] 28 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Frankish speech - name a great crag in honor of the unknowable, call ing it, whatever the name may mean or portend, Mollibeday Rock. The figure of the island resembles an equilateral triangle, its sides facing the east, northwest, and southeast, each about seven miles in length. The coast is very irregular, being deeply indented by bays and inlets, in some of which there are good anchorages and careening places. A high ridge of table-land extends through the island from north to south, whereof the loftiest peaks are nearly fourteen hun dred feet in height. A few miles to the east of the westernmost point of St. Martin, Marigot Baie makes into the shore, and at the head of it, hiding from the sea, is the little town of Marigot, the capital of the French part of the island. About twelve miles to the southeast of St. Martin lies St. Bar tholomew, or St. Bart's as it is commonly called, an island that was colonized by the French in 1650. Later it came into the possession of the Swedes, to which historic fact the name of Gustavia Gustaf , its capital, in some sort bears testimony. We did not approach St. Bart's near enough to gain any idea of its fertility or of the amount of its surface under cultivation, or of the situations of its towns and set tlements. St. Bartholomew is said to be peopled by men of no con siderable enterprise, and the life of its inhabitants is peaces id, not to say indolent. There is little to disturb the quiet of society, such so ciety as ma 7 be found in a population of four thousand, and we may well believe that, lying as it does out of the direct line of travel, hav ing no commerce of importance, and a soil, as compared with that of other islands, unproductive, life in this community is one eternal round of dulness therefore, as Davies the historian sa,id of it more than two hundred years ago, so may it with equal truth be written in our day, to wit Such as are enclined to solitude cannot dispose themselves to a fitter place for it than this is. We sailed between St. Enstatius or Statia and Saba, Dutch islands both of them, rising out of the sea in majestic cones that of Statia falling away on its northern side into a broken plain of meadow-
[OCR_aligned] 28 DOWN THE ISLANDS. Frankish speech - name a great crag in honor of the unknowable, call ing it, whatever the name may mean or portend, Mollibeday Rock. The figure of the island resembles an equilateral triangle, its sides facing the east, northwest, and southeast, each about seven miles in length. The coast is very irregular, being deeply indented by bays and inlets, in some of which there are good anchorages and careening places. A high ridge of table-land extends through the island from north to south, whereof the loftiest peaks are nearly fourteen hun dred feet in height. A few miles to the east of the westernmost point of St. Martin, Marigot Baie makes into the shore, and at the head of it, hiding from the sea, is the little town of Marigot, the capital of the French part of the island. About twelve miles to the southeast of St. Martin lies St. Bar tholomew, or St. Bart's as it is commonly called, an island that was colonized by the French in 1650. Later it came into the possession of the Swedes, to which historic fact the name of Gustavia Gustaf , its capital, in some sort bears testimony. We did not approach St. Bart's near enough to gain any idea of its fertility or of the amount of its surface under cultivation, or of the situations of its towns and set tlements. St. Bartholomew is said to be peopled by men of no con siderable enterprise, and the life of its inhabitants is peaces id, not to say indolent. There is little to disturb the quiet of society, such so ciety as ma 7 be found in a population of four thousand, and we may well believe that, lying as it does out of the direct line of travel, hav ing no commerce of importance, and a soil, as compared with that of other islands, unproductive, life in this community is one eternal round of dulness therefore, as Davies the historian sa,id of it more than two hundred years ago, so may it with equal truth be written in our day, to wit Such as are enclined to solitude cannot dispose themselves to a fitter place for it than this is. We sailed between St. Enstatius or Statia and Saba, Dutch islands both of them, rising out of the sea in majestic cones that of Statia falling away on its northern side into a broken plain of meadow-
[ GS_aligned] ############################# speech@-@name a great crag in honor of the unknowable, call-ing it, whatever the name may mean or portend, Mollibeday Rock. The figure of the island resembles an equilateral triangle, its sides facing the east, northwest, and southeast, each about seven miles in length. The coast is very irregular, being deeply indented by bays and inlets, in some of which there are good anchorages and careening places. A high ridge of table-land extends through the island from north to south, whereof the loftiest peaks are nearly fourteen hun-dred feet in height. A few miles to the east of the westernmost point of St. Martin, Marigot Baie makes into the shore, and at the head of it, hiding from the sea, is the little town of Marigot, the capital of the French part of the island. About twelve miles to the southeast of St. Martin lies St. Bar-tholomew, or St. Bart's as it is commonly called, an island that was colonized by the French in 1650. Later it came into the possession of the Swedes, to which historic fact the name of Gustavia Gustaf , its capital, in some sort bears testimony. We did not approach St. Bart's near enough to gain any idea of its fertility or of the amount of its surface under cultivation, or of the situations of its towns and set-tlements. St. Bartholomew is said to be peopled by men of no con-siderable enterprise, and the life of its inhabitants is peace@ful, not to say indolent. There is little to disturb the quiet of society, such so-ciety as ma@y be found in a population of four thousand, and we may well believe that, lying as it does out of the direct line of travel, hav-ing no commerce of importance, and a soil, as compared with that of other islands, unproductive, life in this community is one eternal round of dulness therefore, as Davies the historian sa@id of it more than two hundred years ago, so may it with equal truth be written in our day, to wit Such as are enclined to solitude cannot dispose themselves to a fitter place for it than this is. We sailed between St. Eustatius or Statia and Saba, Dutch islands both of them, rising out of the sea in majestic cones that of Statia falling away on its northern side into a broken plain of meadow-