[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER III. ST. CHRISTOPHER. St. Kitt's Liamuiga, the Fertile. - Historical Notes. - Governor's Warner and DEsnam-buc. - English and French Settlement of St. Christopher. - Final Banishment of the French. - Sunrise in Basseterre Roadstead. - The Fleet of Bumboats. - At-tacked by Fruit-sellers and Washerwomen. - Effecting a Landing. The Caribs, the ancient and warlike people once the lords of the beau tiful island where we had cast anchor, called it Liamuiga the Fer tile , and well does it deserve that name. Columbus, passing near it in November, 1493, on his way from Dominica to Hispaniola, being charmed with its loveliness and finding it very pleasant, as we are told by an ancient chronicler, would needs give it his name. He was engaged to give it this name from a consideration of the figure of its mountain, the island having at its upper part, as it were upon one of its shoulders, another lesser mountain, as St. Christopher is painted carry ing our Saviour upon his, as it were a little child. The English, upon taking possession of the island many years afterward, rechristened their newly acquired colony, calling it St. Kitt's, by which name St. Christopher is now generally known. Columbus did not tarry long at the land that found such favor in his sight indeed, it is by no means certain that he or any of his crew landed upon it, being eager to arrive at the continent which their imagination pictured to them lying within a few days' sail of the newly discovered archipelago. There is no evi dence that the Spaniards made an attempt at any time to establish a settlement on the island. Its fertile, forest-covered valleys and hill-sides had no attractions for them - its rugged hills yielded no gold, 3
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER III. ST. CHRISTOPHER. St. Kitt's Liamuiga, the Fertile. - Historical Notes. - Governor's Warner and DEsnam-buc. - English and French Settlement of St. Christopher. - Final Banishment of the French. - Sunrise in Basseterre Roadstead. - The Fleet of Bumboats. - At-tacked by Fruit-sellers and Washerwomen. - Effecting a Landing. The Caribs, the ancient and warlike people once the lords of the beau tiful island where we had cast anchor, called it Liamuiga the Fer tile , and well does it deserve that name. Columbus, passing near it in November, 1493, on his way from Dominica to Hispaniola, being charmed with its loveliness and finding it very pleasant, as we are told by an ancient chronicler, would needs give it his name. He was engaged to give it this name from a consideration of the figure of its mountain, the island having at its upper part, as it were upon one of its shoulders, another lesser mountain, as St. Christopher is painted carry ing our Saviour upon his, as it were a little child. The English, upon taking possession of the island many years afterward, rechristened their newly acquired colony, calling it St. Kitt's, by which name St. Christopher is now generally known. Columbus did not tarry long at the land that found such favor in his sight indeed, it is by no means certain that he or any of his crew landed upon it, being eager to arrive at the continent which their imagination pictured to them lying within a few days' sail of the newly discovered archipelago. There is no evi dence that the Spaniards made an attempt at any time to establish a settlement on the island. Its fertile, forest-covered valleys and hill-sides had no attractions for them - its rugged hills yielded no gold, 3
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER III. ST. CHRISTOPHER. St. Kitt's Liamuiga, the Fertile.@-@Historical Notes.@-@Governor's Warner and DEsnam-buc.@-@English and French Settlement of St. Christopher.@-@Final Banishment of the French.@-@Sunrise in Basseterre Roadstead.@-@The Fleet of Bumboats.@-@At-tacked by Fruit-sellers and Washerwomen.@-@Effecting a Landing. THE Caribs, the ancient and warlike people once the lords of the beau-tiful island where we had cast anchor, called it Liamuiga the Fer-tile , and well does it deserve that name. Columbus, passing near it in November, 1493, on his way from Dominica to Hispaniola, being charmed with its loveliness and finding it very pleasant, as we are told by an ancient chronicler, would needs give it his name. He was engaged to give it this name from a consideration of the figure of its mountain, the island having at its upper part, as it were upon one of its shoulders, another lesser mountain, as St. Christopher is painted carry-ing our Saviour upon his, as it were a little child. The English, upon taking possession of the island many years afterward, rechristened their newly acquired colony, calling it St. Kitt's, by which name St. Christopher is now generally known. Columbus did not tarry long at the land that found such favor in his sight indeed, it is by no means certain that he or any of his crew landed upon it, being eager to arrive at the continent which their imagination pictured to them lying within a few days' sail of the newly discovered archipelago. There is no evi-dence that the Spaniards made an attempt at any time to establish a settlement on the island. Its fertile, forest-covered valleys and hill-sides had no attractions for them@-@its rugged hills yielded no gold, 3