[OCR_toInput] SZ'. CHRISTOPHER. 39 east the grand, symmetrical cone of Nevis, rising from the seas beyond a narrow strait, stands out bold and clear against the sky, making a landscape of such surpassing beauty that it would be impossible to sail fifteen hundred miles, or, for that matter, any number of miles from Sandy Hook in any direction, and make a fairer landfall than the harbor of Basseterre. Long before sunrise I had been awakened by a perfect babel of voices, and my first appearance on deck was the signal for a storm of shouts and cries from a multitude of boatmen in a fleet of small boats surrounding the steamer. There were stevedores and long shoremen, fruit-sellers and washerwomen, venders of knick-knacks, flowers, shells, and coral, geological, and botanical specimens all the congregation of traffickers howled at me, gesticulating frantically, as each and everyone besought, nay7, commanded, me and my fellow-ob servers of the riotous scene to buy their wares, deliver up our raiment to be washed, or to take passage on their craft. The boatmen screamed out the names of their boats and their own names, they jostled their little vessels together in a fierce contest to approach near est to the side of the ship or to bring their boats closest to the foot of the companion-ladder. They threatened one another with terrible cries and frantic gestures. From moment to moment we expected to see a dozen or score of them tumble overboard. At times it seemed as if riot and bloodshed were inevitable indeed, as if a riot had already broken out. The noise and cons usion were more deafening and astounding than that created by cabmen at a railroad depot at home in New York, at times equalling the din and disorder of our Stock Ex change during a tight money market or a corner in stocks. I happened to step to the side of the vessel for the purpose of bargaining for some fruit that had attracted my attention and for which my teeth watered I was received with a stunning chorus by the entire flotilla. High above the general tumult and explosion of noise soared such fortissimi fragments as -Mary Jane's awaiting so' you, dear massa. Mary Jane, be it ob-
[OCR_aligned] SZ'. CHRISTOPHER. 39 east the grand, symmetrical cone of Nevis, rising from the seas beyond a narrow strait, stands out bold and clear against the sky, making a landscape of such surpassing beauty that it would be impossible to sail fifteen hundred miles, or, for that matter, any number of miles from Sandy Hook in any direction, and make a fairer landfall than the harbor of Basseterre. Long before sunrise I had been awakened by a perfect babel of voices, and my first appearance on deck was the signal for a storm of shouts and cries from a multitude of boatmen in a fleet of small boats surrounding the steamer. There were stevedores and long shoremen, fruit-sellers and washerwomen, venders of knick-knacks, flowers, shells, and coral, geological, and botanical specimens all the congregation of traffickers howled at me, gesticulating frantically, as each and everyone besought, nay7, commanded, me and my fellow-ob servers of the riotous scene to buy their wares, deliver up our raiment to be washed, or to take passage on their craft. The boatmen screamed out the names of their boats and their own names, they jostled their little vessels together in a fierce contest to approach near est to the side of the ship or to bring their boats closest to the foot of the companion-ladder. They threatened one another with terrible cries and frantic gestures. From moment to moment we expected to see a dozen or score of them tumble overboard. At times it seemed as if riot and bloodshed were inevitable indeed, as if a riot had already broken out. The noise and cons usion were more deafening and astounding than that created by cabmen at a railroad depot at home in New York, at times equalling the din and disorder of our Stock Ex change during a tight money market or a corner in stocks. I happened to step to the side of the vessel for the purpose of bargaining for some fruit that had attracted my attention and for which my teeth watered I was received with a stunning chorus by the entire flotilla. High above the general tumult and explosion of noise soared such fortissimi fragments as -Mary Jane's awaiting so' you, dear massa. Mary Jane, be it ob-
[ GS_aligned] ######################### the grand, symmetrical cone of Nevis, rising from the seas beyond a narrow strait, stands out bold and clear against the sky, making a landscape of such surpassing beauty that it would be impossible to sail fifteen hundred miles, or, for that matter, any number of miles from Sandy Hook in any direction, and make a fairer landfall than the harbor of Basseterre. Long before sunrise I had been awakened by a perfect babel of voices, and my first appearance on deck was the signal for a storm of shouts and cries from a multitude of boatmen in a fleet of small boats surrounding the steamer. There were stevedores and long-shoremen, fruit-sellers and washerwomen, venders of knick-knacks, flowers, shells, and coral, geological, and botanical specimens all the congregation of traffickers howled at me, gesticulating frantically, as each and everyone besought, nay@, commanded, me and my fellow-ob-servers of the riotous scene to buy their wares, deliver up our raiment to be washed, or to take passage on their craft. The boatmen screamed out the names of their boats and their own names, they jostled their little vessels together in a fierce contest to approach near-est to the side of the ship or to bring their boats closest to the foot of the companion-ladder. They threatened one another with terrible cries and frantic gestures. From moment to moment we expected to see a dozen or score of them tumble overboard. At times it seemed as if riot and bloodshed were inevitable indeed, as if a riot had already broken out. The noise and con@fusion were more deafening and astounding than that created by cabmen at a railroad depôt at home in New York, at times equalling the din and disorder of our Stock Ex-change during a tight money market or a corner in stocks. I happened to step to the side of the vessel for the purpose of bargaining for some fruit that had attracted my attention and for which my teeth watered I was received with a stunning chorus by the entire flotilla. High above the general tumult and explosion of noise soared such fortissimi fragments as- Mary Jane's awaiting fo' you, dear massa. Mary Jane, be it ob-