[OCR_toInput] 40 DOWN THE ISLANDS. served, was the name of a boat. Don't forget Aleck, sir ! Cush ions in dis boat. Do yo' washin'. ' Member Lucy. Whether Lucy was a boat or a washerwoman I remain to this day in blissful ig norance. I'se waitin' for yer, captain. Here's yo' bes' figs. I learned afterward that figs signified bananas - fig-bananas. Take yo' asho' jus' now. And so on. By a shake of my head I diverted the deluge of words from myself and my affairs, and the fickle crowd dedicated their remarks to one another. Massa don' wan' yo' boat. He won't trust hisself wid you. He told you to go away. I knock you in de water. Shut you inouf, you nigga. Here, as elsewhere, nigger was employed as a term of reproach among negroes. In the scramble and mimic battle oars were broken, rudders became unshipped and drif ted awrayr with the tide, boatmen lost their hats, fruit-sellers their fruits, curiosities were spilled into the sea, and I saw one great specimen of coral at least return with a splash to the ocean-depths that bore it. The darkies, roaring like wild beasts, seemed ready, or ever we came to the bottom of the ship's ladder, to rend us in pieces and take us ashore piecemeal. By and by, exhausted by long continued frantic struggling, as well as by the wear and tear of the lungs and throats, after the storm and war of words there came a great and grateful calm of silence. In the meantime, a large gang of stevedores had boarded the ship, the hatches fore and aft were taken off, and steam-winches were set a running. The work of breaking out and discharging cargo was going on with such wonderful rapidity that it took but little time to load six or seven lighters lying alongside, to start them shoreward, while their places were promptly taken by others in readiness to be made fast to the ship. As soon as storage-room was made below by removing such of the cargo as happened to be consigned to St. Kitt's, a quantity of freight destined to other ports was brought to the Barracouta from shore. In this manner, the operations of loading and unloading went on simultaneously and with remarkable activity throughout the live long day until late in the evening. During our trip down the islands
[OCR_aligned] 40 DOWN THE ISLANDS. served, was the name of a boat. Don't forget Aleck, sir ! Cush ions in dis boat. Do yo' washin'. ' Member Lucy. Whether Lucy was a boat or a washerwoman I remain to this day in blissful ig norance. I'se waitin' for yer, captain. Here's yo' bes' figs. I learned afterward that figs signified bananas - fig-bananas. Take yo' asho' jus' now. And so on. By a shake of my head I diverted the deluge of words from myself and my affairs, and the fickle crowd dedicated their remarks to one another. Massa don' wan' yo' boat. He won't trust hisself wid you. He told you to go away. I knock you in de water. Shut you inouf, you nigga. Here, as elsewhere, nigger was employed as a term of reproach among negroes. In the scramble and mimic battle oars were broken, rudders became unshipped and drif ted awrayr with the tide, boatmen lost their hats, fruit-sellers their fruits, curiosities were spilled into the sea, and I saw one great specimen of coral at least return with a splash to the ocean-depths that bore it. The darkies, roaring like wild beasts, seemed ready, or ever we came to the bottom of the ship's ladder, to rend us in pieces and take us ashore piecemeal. By and by, exhausted by long continued frantic struggling, as well as by the wear and tear of the lungs and throats, after the storm and war of words there came a great and grateful calm of silence. In the meantime, a large gang of stevedores had boarded the ship, the hatches fore and aft were taken off, and steam-winches were set a running. The work of breaking out and discharging cargo was going on with such wonderful rapidity that it took but little time to load six or seven lighters lying alongside, to start them shoreward, while their places were promptly taken by others in readiness to be made fast to the ship. As soon as storage-room was made below by removing such of the cargo as happened to be consigned to St. Kitt's, a quantity of freight destined to other ports was brought to the Barracouta from shore. In this manner, the operations of loading and unloading went on simultaneously and with remarkable activity throughout the live long day until late in the evening. During our trip down the islands
[ GS_aligned] ############################ was the name of a boat. Don't forget Aleck, sir ! Cush-ions in dis boat. Do yo' washin'. '@Member Lucy. Whether Lucy was a boat or a washerwoman I remain to this day in blissful ig-norance. I'se waitin' for yer, captain. Here's yo' bes' figs. I learned afterward that figs signified bananas@-@fig-bananas. Take yo' asho' jus' now. And so on. By a shake of my head I diverted the deluge of words from myself and my affairs, and the fickle crowd dedicated their remarks to one another. Massa don' wan' yo' boat. He won't trust hisself wid you. He told you to go away. I knock you in de water. Shut you @mouf, you nigga. Here, as elsewhere, nigger was employed as a term of reproach among negroes. In the scramble and mimic battle oars were broken, rudders became unshipped and drif@ted aw@ay@ with the tide, boatmen lost their hats, fruit-sellers their fruits, curiosities were spilled into the sea, and I saw one great specimen of coral at least return with a splash to the ocean-depths that bore it. The darkies, roaring like wild beasts, seemed ready, or ever we came to the bottom of the ship's ladder, to rend us in pieces and take us ashore piecemeal. By and by, exhausted by long-continued frantic struggling, as well as by the wear and tear of the lungs and throats, after the storm and war of words there came a great and grateful calm of silence. In the meantime, a large gang of stevedores had boarded the ship, the hatches fore and aft were taken off, and steam-winches were set a-running. The work of breaking out and discharging cargo was going on with such wonderful rapidity that it took but little time to load six or seven lighters lying alongside, to start them shoreward, while their places were promptly taken by others in readiness to be made fast to the ship. As soon as storage-room was made below by removing such of the cargo as happened to be consigned to St. Kitt's, a quantity of freight destined to other ports was brought to the Barracouta from shore. In this manner, the operations of loading and unloading went on simultaneously and with remarkable activity throughout the live-long day until late in the evening. During our trip down the islands