[OCR_toInput] 42 DOWN THE ISLANDS. spare change and were a constant source of amusement to us, entertain ing us by their quaint remarks and grotesque behavior. At every port of call there were neat, clean-looking washerwomen ready to take our linen in charge, many of them by no means inexperienced llanchisseuses, for they did their work neatly, thoroughly, and promptly received payment therefor graciously, earnestly soliciting our further favors, Nex' time yo' come back, dear massa. It was astonishing with what quantities of fruit we passengers on the Barracouta were tempted and the cheapness of it, as well as the inexhaustible supply of all kinds, was still more to be marvelled at by those of us who could not rid our minds of the idea that tropical fruits were of necessity luxuries, in the nature of things costly, and therefore to be indulged in sparingly except by those whose purses were com mensurate with their appetite for expensive delicacies of the kind. Oranges, limes, bananas, mangoes, pines, soursops, avocado-pears, and other juicy7, tempting comestibles before untasted by us who were mak ing our first discoveries of the delights of a West Indian voyage, were constantly in active demand in fact, any appetizing morsel that ap peared to be good for food or was pleasant to the eye commanded a ready sale, regardless of quality or degree of ripeness. We held as naught the old Spanish proverb which sets forth the varying metal lurgical properties of fruit according to the time of day it happens to be eaten by human beings. The arrival of a fruit-seller's boat along side the vessel was watched with eager interest the discovery of any hitherto untried specimen was promptly advertised by cries of, Hi ! you there ! how much are those ? What'll you take for the lot, basket and all? The inquiries frequently made by us of the hucksters we patronized, Is it good to eat ? Do you eat it raw ? invariably excited the unrestrained mirth of the colored by-standers. The fruit sellers took a childish delight in showing us how strange varieties were to be made ready for the experimental bite, which was generally taken in the presence of a silent, expectant group of the purchaser's fellow passengers.
[OCR_aligned] 42 DOWN THE ISLANDS. spare change and were a constant source of amusement to us, entertain ing us by their quaint remarks and grotesque behavior. At every port of call there were neat, clean-looking washerwomen ready to take our linen in charge, many of them by no means inexperienced llanchisseuses, for they did their work neatly, thoroughly, and promptly received payment therefor graciously, earnestly soliciting our further favors, Nex' time yo' come back, dear massa. It was astonishing with what quantities of fruit we passengers on the Barracouta were tempted and the cheapness of it, as well as the inexhaustible supply of all kinds, was still more to be marvelled at by those of us who could not rid our minds of the idea that tropical fruits were of necessity luxuries, in the nature of things costly, and therefore to be indulged in sparingly except by those whose purses were com mensurate with their appetite for expensive delicacies of the kind. Oranges, limes, bananas, mangoes, pines, soursops, avocado-pears, and other juicy7, tempting comestibles before untasted by us who were mak ing our first discoveries of the delights of a West Indian voyage, were constantly in active demand in fact, any appetizing morsel that ap peared to be good for food or was pleasant to the eye commanded a ready sale, regardless of quality or degree of ripeness. We held as naught the old Spanish proverb which sets forth the varying metal lurgical properties of fruit according to the time of day it happens to be eaten by human beings. The arrival of a fruit-seller's boat along side the vessel was watched with eager interest the discovery of any hitherto untried specimen was promptly advertised by cries of, Hi ! you there ! how much are those ? What'll you take for the lot, basket and all@? The inquiries frequently made by us of the hucksters we patronized, Is it good to eat ? Do you eat it raw ? invariably excited the unrestrained mirth of the colored by-standers. The fruit sellers took a childish delight in showing us how strange varieties were to be made ready for the experimental bite, which was generally taken in the presence of a silent, expectant group of the purchaser's fellow passengers.
[ GS_aligned] ########################## change and were a constant source of amusement to us, entertain-ing us by their quaint remarks and grotesque behavior. At every port of call there were neat, clean-looking washerwomen ready to take our linen in charge, many of them by no means inexperienced blanchisseuses, for they did their work neatly, thoroughly, and promptly received payment therefor graciously, earnestly soliciting our further favors, Nex' time yo' come back, dear massa. It was astonishing with what quantities of fruit we passengers on the Barracouta were tempted and the cheapness of it, as well as the inexhaustible supply of all kinds, was still more to be marvelled at by those of us who could not rid our minds of the idea that tropical fruits were of necessity luxuries, in the nature of things costly, and therefore to be indulged in sparingly except by those whose purses were com-mensurate with their appetite for expensive delicacies of the kind. Oranges, limes, bananas, mangoes, pines, soursops, avocado-pears, and other juicy@, tempting comestibles before untasted by us who were mak-ing our first discoveries of the delights of a West Indian voyage, were constantly in active demand in fact, any appetizing morsel that ap-peared to be good for food or was pleasant to the eye commanded a ready sale, regardless of quality or degree of ripeness. We held as naught the old Spanish proverb which sets forth the varying metal-lurgical properties of fruit according to the time of day it happens to be eaten by human beings. The arrival of a fruit-seller's boat along-side the vessel was watched with eager interest the discovery of any hitherto untried specimen was promptly advertised by cries of, Hi ! you there ! how much are those ? What'll you take for the lot, basket and all ? The inquiries frequently made by us of the hucksters we patronized, Is it good to eat ? Do you eat it raw ? invariably excited the unrestrained mirth of the colored by-standers. The fruit-sellers took a childish delight in showing us how strange varieties were to be made ready for the experimental bite, which was generally taken in the presence of a silent, expectant group of the purchaser's fellow-passengers.