[OCR_toInput] 50 DOWN THE ISLANDS. spread out boughs covered with yellow blossoms to shelter lazy cattle from the heat of the sun. Buined windmills stood on the tops of the highest knolls, where they were most exposed to the sweep of the trade-wind that, once upon a time, long ago, set their mighty arms whirling right merrily. These windmills were veritable giants in the good old slavery days, before steam-power, when sugar-estates paid their lucky owners princely incomes, instead of only beggarly interest on capital as is the case nowadays for in the days of windmills and slavery the planter, according to all accounts, was a nabob, and every sugar-estate on the fertile island was a gold-mine. Steam, free labor, and beetroot-sugar have changed all that. The windmills, no longer used except in out-of-the-world places, beyond the reach of levelling enterprise and matter-of-fact steam-power, are falling into ruin, and, like the castles of feudalism after the invention of gunpowder, are now but picturesque refuges for bats and owls. Their work is done by newfangled engines, housed in ugly sheds with awkward, straight up and down chimneys, built of dirty-red brick, or worse, rusty iron stacks, continually vomiting clouds of filthy smoke. The old mills were well built and hurricane-proof, their lower parts of stone, the upper stories of heavy joiner- work. The great sails have rotted and fallen from many of them, leaving only the towers standing, and these are all overgrown with vines, mosses, cactuses, and parasitic plants. From where I stood I could see, on one side of the island, Basse terre and its quiet harbor, the refuge of many vessels on the other, a long line of white breakers rolled in from the ocean, to fall in glisten ing foam upon a beach lined by rows of willows, cotton-wood, and manchineel-trees, fringing the edges of the plantations. I looked across the meadow-land, where, beyond rugged cliffs, at the southern point of St. Kitt's, across a narrow strait, glimmering in the sun light like frosted silver, Nevis swept grandly upward from the Atlan tic into the dazzling clouds ever sleeping around the top of its great pyramid, hiding it from mortal sight day after day throughout the never-ending summer.
[OCR_aligned] 50 DOWN THE ISLANDS. spread out boughs covered with yellow blossoms to shelter lazy cattle from the heat of the sun. Buined windmills stood on the tops of the highest knolls, where they were most exposed to the sweep of the trade-wind that, once upon a time, long ago, set their mighty arms whirling right merrily. These windmills were veritable giants in the good old slavery days, before steam-power, when sugar-estates paid their lucky owners princely incomes, instead of only beggarly interest on capital as is the case nowadays for in the days of windmills and slavery the planter, according to all accounts, was a nabob, and every sugar-estate on the fertile island was a gold-mine. Steam, free labor, and beetroot-sugar have changed all that. The windmills, no longer used except in out-of-the-world places, beyond the reach of levelling enterprise and matter-of-fact steam-power, are falling into ruin, and, like the castles of feudalism after the invention of gunpowder, are now but picturesque refuges for bats and owls. Their work is done by newfangled engines, housed in ugly sheds with awkward, straight up and down chimneys, built of dirty-red brick, or worse, rusty iron stacks, continually vomiting clouds of filthy smoke. The old mills were well built and hurricane-proof, their lower parts of stone, the upper stories of heavy joiner- work. The great sails have rotted and fallen from many of them, leaving only the towers standing, and these are all overgrown with vines, mosses, cactuses, and parasitic plants. From where I stood I could see, on one side of the island, Basse terre and its quiet harbor, the refuge of many vessels on the other, a long line of white breakers rolled in from the ocean, to fall in glisten ing foam upon a beach lined by rows of willows, cotton-wood, and manchineel-trees, fringing the edges of the plantations. I looked across the meadow-land, where, beyond rugged cliffs, at the southern point of St. Kitt's, across a narrow strait, glimmering in the sun light like frosted silver, Nevis swept grandly upward from the Atlan tic into the dazzling clouds ever sleeping around the top of its great pyramid, hiding it from mortal sight day after day throughout the never-ending summer.
[ GS_aligned] ########################### out boughs covered with yellow blossoms to shelter lazy cattle from the heat of the sun. Ruined windmills stood on the tops of the highest knolls, where they were most exposed to the sweep of the trade-wind that, once upon a time, long ago, set their mighty arms whirling right merrily. These windmills were veritable giants in the good old slavery days, before steam-power, when sugar-estates paid their lucky owners princely incomes, instead of only beggarly interest on capital as is the case nowadays for in the days of windmills and slavery the planter, according to all accounts, was a nabob, and every sugar-estate on the fertile island was a gold-mine. Steam, free labor, and beetroot-sugar have changed all that. The windmills, no longer used except in out-of-the-world places, beyond the reach of levelling enterprise and matter-of-fact steam-power, are falling into ruin, and, like the castles of feudalism after the invention of gunpowder, are now but picturesque refuges for bats and owls. Their work is done by newfangled engines, housed in ugly sheds with awkward, straight up and down chimneys, built of dirty-red brick, or worse, rusty iron stacks, continually vomiting clouds of filthy smoke. The old mills were well built and hurricane-proof, their lower parts of stone, the upper stories of heavy joiner-@work. The great sails have rotted and fallen from many of them, leaving only the towers standing, and these are all overgrown with vines, mosses, cactuses, and parasitic plants. From where I stood I could see, on one side of the island, Basse-terre and its quiet harbor, the refuge of many vessels on the other, a long line of white breakers rolled in from the ocean, to fall in glisten-ing foam upon a beach lined by rows of willows, cotton-wood, and manchineel-trees, fringing the edges of the plantations. I looked across the meadow-land, where, beyond rugged cliffs, at the southern point of St. Kitt's, across a narrow strait, glimmering in the sun-light like frosted silver, Nevis swept grandly upward from the Atlan-tic into the dazzling clouds ever sleeping around the top of its great pyramid, hiding it from mortal sight day after day throughout the never-ending summer.