[OCR_toInput] 54 DOWN THE ISLANDS. until the maples hang out the first red cautionary signals foretelling frost and foul weather. One night of frost, such as with us would serve to strike down the morning-glories and dahlias, or cause the shining golden-rods to bronze and wither away, would utterly destroy every growing thing in this West Indian garden, every palm and vine, all the fruits and flowers that here, all the year round, show so rich and luxuriant. We remained with our new-found friends, wandering about their estate, enjoying every moment of our stay, until after five o'clock tea was served then, just before sunset, started down the mountain-side, and after a drive of a mile reached the landing-place, were ferried off to our floating hotel, and reported our return to the officer in charge of the Barracouta. During the evening our ship's company received a numerous and notable addition, in the persons of certain delegates from Antigua, Dominica, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, and Barbados, who had been to St. Kitt's to attend a convention at which the commercial relations of the Caribbean Islands with the United States were in part the subject of discussion, as I was informed by one of the gentlemen who had repre sented his island in this Caribbean parliament. These members of Her Majesty's Government arrived on board singly and in groups, some of them accompanied by their wives and daughters when all had come, the Barracouta could afford barely enough accommodation for all our guests. I say our guests, for, be it remembered, I have ex plained how we regular Barracontans - the through passengers - looked upon the ship as our private steam-yacht and so, having thus put our selves in the place of hosts, were bound by all the laws of hospitality to entertain all visitors whomsoever in a manner becoming their rank and dignity. We found the new arrivals to be an uncommonly7 inter esting, entertaining, and jolly lot of people, disposed to be heartily satisfied with everything and everybody therefore, bearing in grate ful remembrance the almost embarrassing hospitality with which the Kittefonians had greeted us, we bestirred ourselves in the vain attempt
[OCR_aligned] 54 DOWN THE ISLANDS. until the maples hang out the first red cautionary signals foretelling frost and foul weather. One night of frost, such as with us would serve to strike down the morning-glories and dahlias, or cause the shining golden-rods to bronze and wither away, would utterly destroy every growing thing in this West Indian garden, every palm and vine, all the fruits and flowers that here, all the year round, show so rich and luxuriant. We remained with our new-found friends, wandering about their estate, enjoying every moment of our stay, until after five o'clock tea was served then, just before sunset, started down the mountain-side, and after a drive of a mile reached the landing-place, were ferried off to our floating hotel, and reported our return to the officer in charge of the Barracouta. During the evening our ship's company received a numerous and notable addition, in the persons of certain delegates from Antigua, Dominica, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, and Barbados, who had been to St. Kitt's to attend a convention at which the commercial relations of the Caribbean Islands with the United States were in part the subject of discussion, as I was informed by one of the gentlemen who had repre sented his island in this Caribbean parliament. These members of Her Majesty's Government arrived on board singly and in groups, some of them accompanied by their wives and daughters when all had come, the Barracouta could afford barely enough accommodation for all our guests. I say our guests, for, be it remembered, I have ex plained how we regular Barracontans - the through passengers - looked upon the ship as our private steam-yacht and so, having thus put our selves in the place of hosts, were bound by all the laws of hospitality to entertain all visitors whomsoever in a manner becoming their rank and dignity. We found the new arrivals to be an uncommonly7 inter esting, entertaining, and jolly lot of people, disposed to be heartily satisfied with everything and everybody therefore, bearing in grate ful remembrance the almost embarrassing hospitality with which the Kittefonians had greeted us, we bestirred ourselves in the vain attempt
[ GS_aligned] ########################## the maples hang out the first red cautionary signals foretelling frost and foul weather. One night of frost, such as with us would serve to strike down the morning-glories and dahlias, or cause the shining golden-rods to bronze and wither away, would utterly destroy every growing thing in this West Indian garden, every palm and vine, all the fruits and flowers that here, all the year round, show so rich and luxuriant. We remained with our new-found friends, wandering about their estate, enjoying every moment of our stay, until after five o'clock tea was served then, just before sunset, started down the mountain-side, and after a drive of a mile reached the landing-place, were ferried off to our floating hotel, and reported our return to the officer in charge of the Barracouta. During the evening our ship's company received a numerous and notable addition, in the persons of certain delegates from Antigua, Dominica, St. Lucia, St. Vincent, and Barbados, who had been to St. Kitt's to attend a convention at which the commercial relations of the Caribbean Islands with the United States were in part the subject of discussion, as I was informed by one of the gentlemen who had repre-sented his island in this Caribbean parliament. These members of Her Majesty's Government arrived on board singly and in groups, some of them accompanied by their wives and daughters when all had come, the Barracouta could afford barely enough accommodation for all our guests. I say our guests, for, be it remembered, I have ex-plained how we regular Barracoutans@-@the through passengers@-@looked upon the ship as our private steam-yacht and so, having thus put our-selves in the place of hosts, were bound by all the laws of hospitality to entertain all visitors whomsoever in a manner becoming their rank and dignity. We found the new arrivals to be an uncommonly@ inter-esting, entertaining, and jolly lot of people, disposed to be heartily satisfied with everything and everybody therefore, bearing in grate-ful remembrance the almost embarrassing hospitality with which the Kittefonians had greeted us, we bestirred ourselves in the vain attempt