[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER V. ANTIGUA. A Tropical Sunrise.- Antigua.- The Harbor of St. John's. -General Description of the Island.- A Derelict Bark.- Scenes on Landing.- A View from an Old Church-yard. Lizards Great and Small.- West Indian Entertainers. -A Morning Drive, SUNKISE the morning after we left St. Christopher, Antigua was in sight eight or ten miles to the east-ward directly ahead of the Barraj couta. At that distance the island appears barren and desolate, but as we approached the land we disco v-ered many dwellings, aud a wide expanse of cultivated land rising in gentle undulations backward from an almost unbroken rampart of cliffs that confront the sea. Here and there, at widely separated inter vals, the waves have battered breaches in this sea-wall through them entrance is gained to quiet anchorages. In a few places on the coast the meadows gradually slope downward to a shelving beach from which sandspits extend great distances into the ocean, rendering navi gation dangerous to sailors who have not studied their island-charts. In these latitudes day comes unheralded by dawn, as night is un preceded by the gloaming. The transition from darkness to sunlight is almost instantaneous. Light clouds drifting high overhead catch the first rays of the coming sun they glow and change from gray and brown to dull red, then brightening, gleam brilliant crimson or daz-
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER V. ANTIGUA. A Tropical Sunrise.- Antigua.- The Harbor of St. John's. -General Description of the Island.- A Derelict Bark.- Scenes on Landing.- A View from an Old Church-yard. @Lizards Great and Small.- West Indian Entertainers. -A Morning Drive@@, SUNKISE the morning after we left St. Christopher, Antigua was in sight eight or ten miles to the east-ward directly ahead of the Barraj couta. At that distance the island appears barren and desolate, but as we approached the land we disco v-ered many dwellings, aud a wide expanse of cultivated land rising in gentle undulations backward from an almost unbroken rampart of cliffs that confront the sea. Here and there, at widely separated inter vals, the waves have battered breaches in this sea-wall through them entrance is gained to quiet anchorages. In a few places on the coast the meadows gradually slope downward to a shelving beach from which sandspits extend great distances into the ocean, rendering navi gation dangerous to sailors who have not studied their island-charts. In these latitudes day comes unheralded by dawn, as night is un preceded by the gloaming. The transition from darkness to sunlight is almost instantaneous. Light clouds drifting high overhead catch the first rays of the coming sun they glow and change from gray and brown to dull red, then brightening, gleam brilliant crimson or daz-
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER V. ANTIGUA. A Tropical Sunrise.-@Antigua.-@The Harbor of St. John's.@-General Description of the Island.-@A Derelict Bark.-@Scenes on Landing.-@A View from an Old Church-yard. -Lizards Great and Small.-@West Indian Entertainers.@-A Morning Drive. A SUNRISE the morning after we left St. Christopher, Antigua was in sight eight or ten miles to the east-ward directly ahead of the Barra@-couta. At that distance the island appears barren and desolate, but as we approached the land we disco@v-ered many dwellings, and a wide expanse of cultivated land rising in gentle undulations backward from an almost unbroken rampart of cliffs that confront the sea. Here and there, at widely separated inter-vals, the waves have battered breaches in this sea-wall through them entrance is gained to quiet anchorages. In a few places on the coast the meadows gradually slope downward to a shelving beach from which sandspits extend great distances into the ocean, rendering navi-gation dangerous to sailors who have not studied their island-charts. In these latitudes day comes unheralded by dawn, as night is un-preceded by the gloaming. The transition from darkness to sunlight is almost instantaneous. Light clouds drifting high overhead catch the first rays of the coming sun they glow and change from gray and brown to dull red, then brightening, gleam brilliant crimson or daz-