[OCR_toInput] ANTIGUA. 59 tom-lands. Nevertheless, the heart of the island is exceedingly fertile there verdant meadows and Savannahs alternate with cultivated cane pieces. The coast is indented by shallow coves and land-locked bays into which, in the rainy season, a few short-lived creeks and rivulets empty sluggish currents. In the dry season the beds of these water courses bake and harden in the heat of the sun and all the country withers to a russet brown, for the atmosphere of Antigua, by compar ison with that of some of the other islands, is hot and parching. For all that, it is by no means the dry-as-dust place, where the earth re fuses to yield water for the use of man, that by some ill-informed travellers it is said to be. The annual rainfall is forty-five inches, but in unusually hot seasons it has been known to decrease to less than twenty-six inches. If compared with the neighboring island of Dom inica, where the fountains of the great deep are in a continual state of disruption, pouring down no less than two hundred and eight inches of rain in a twelvemonth, Antigua is indeed a thirsty land. Its name in the Spanish tongue, we are informed by Wynne in his chronicle, sig nifies a place without water, but other historians assert that when the island was discovered, in the year 1493, by Christopher Columbus the few Caribs settled there called it Xamaca, a land of springs. Other authorities point out that Xamaca means a place of forests, and by that name Jamaica was known in old times. This we may well believe, seeing that Jamaica is a veritable land of forest and of flood. It is therefore probable that in some way a confusion has arisen as to the ancient names of the two islands, and through all the changing years the Carib name of the lesser island has been forgotten never to be recalled. When we visited Antigua, at the end of an unusually long dry season, when prayers for rain were being offered up in the churches, we found the vegetation moderately green, with only here and there a hill-top or steep slope showing brown and scorched. We could easily imagine, what is beyond doubt a fact, that at all times of the year An tigua is picturesque, wanting, it is true, in the grandeur so characters-
[OCR_aligned] ANTIGUA. 59 tom-lands. Nevertheless, the heart of the island is exceedingly fertile there verdant meadows and Savannahs alternate with cultivated cane pieces. The coast is indented by shallow coves and land-locked bays into which, in the rainy season, a few short-lived creeks and rivulets empty sluggish currents. In the dry season the beds of these water courses bake and harden in the heat of the sun and all the country withers to a russet brown, for the atmosphere of Antigua, by compar ison with that of some of the other islands, is hot and parching. For all that, it is by no means the dry-as-dust place, where the earth re fuses to yield water for the use of man, that by some ill-informed travellers it is said to be. The annual rainfall is forty-five inches, but in unusually hot seasons it has been known to decrease to less than twenty-six inches. If compared with the neighboring island of Dom inica, where the fountains of the great deep are in a continual state of disruption, pouring down no less than two hundred and eight inches of rain in a twelvemonth, Antigua is indeed a thirsty land. Its name in the Spanish tongue, we are informed by Wynne in his chronicle, sig nifies a place without water, but other historians assert that when the island was discovered, in the year 1493, by Christopher Columbus the few Caribs settled there called it Xamaca, a land of springs. Other authorities point out that Xamaca means a place of forests, and by that name Jamaica was known in old times. This we may well believe, seeing that Jamaica is a veritable land of forest and of flood. It is therefore probable that in some way a confusion has arisen as to the ancient names of the two islands, and through all the changing years the Carib name of the lesser island has been forgotten never to be recalled. When we visited Antigua, at the end of an unusually long dry season, when prayers for rain were being offered up in the churches, we found the vegetation moderately green, with only here and there a hill-top or steep slope showing brown and scorched. We could easily imagine, what is beyond doubt a fact, that at all times of the year An tigua is picturesque, wanting, it is true, in the grandeur so character@s-
[ GS_aligned] ###################### Nevertheless, the heart of the island is exceedingly fertile there verdant meadows and savannahs alternate with cultivated cane-pieces. The coast is indented by shallow coves and land-locked bays into which, in the rainy season, a few short-lived creeks and rivulets empty sluggish currents. In the dry season the beds of these water-courses bake and harden in the heat of the sun and all the country withers to a russet brown, for the atmosphere of Antigua, by compar-ison with that of some of the other islands, is hot and parching. For all that, it is by no means the dry-as-dust place, where the earth re-fuses to yield water for the use of man, that by some ill-informed travellers it is said to be. The annual rainfall is forty-five inches, but in unusually hot seasons it has been known to decrease to less than twenty-six inches. If compared with the neighboring island of Dom-inica, where the fountains of the great deep are in a continual state of disruption, pouring down no less than two hundred and eight inches of rain in a twelvemonth, Antigua is indeed a thirsty land. Its name in the Spanish tongue, we are informed by Wynne in his chronicle, sig-nifies a place without water, but other historians assert that when the island was discovered, in the year 1493, by Christopher Columbus the few Caribs settled there called it Xamaca, a land of springs. Other authorities point out that Xamaca means a place of forests, and by that name Jamaica was known in old times. This we may well believe, seeing that Jamaica is a veritable land of forest and of flood. It is therefore probable that in some way a confusion has arisen as to the ancient names of the two islands, and through all the changing years the Carib name of the lesser island has been forgotten never to be recalled. When we visited Antigua, at the end of an unusually long dry season, when prayers for rain were being offered up in the churches, we found the vegetation moderately green, with only here and there a hill-top or steep slope showing brown and scorched. We could easily imagine, what is beyond doubt a fact, that at all times of the year An-tigua is picturesque, wanting, it is true, in the grandeur so characteris-