[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER VI. A DAY AT ANTIGUA. West Indian Hospitality. - A Sugar Plantation. - Sugar-making.- An Occult Luncheon. -Turtle, and again Turtle.- The Public Library. -Historical Notes. -Under Way for Islands farther South. E were made welcome at our friend's house in a manner that banished at once all thought that until that day we had been utter strangers to our entertainers, and so, without ceremony or restraint, were soon comfortably settled, some in the drawing-room, some on the veran-da, pleasantly chatting with new-found acquaintances say, rather, kind-hearted friends, who mani-fested a flattering interest in us and in our affairs. Kinder-hearted, more gracious gentle-folk I never met, no matter where my stages may have been, at home or abroad, than the West Indian people. Their hospitality is as genial and sunny as their delightful climate they are generous and very socially inclined, ready to receive all strangers heartily. No matter whether their guest hails from neighboring islands, from England the old land that all British Creoles call home , or from foreign countries, they are tireless in their atten tion to the stranger within their gates.
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER VI. A DAY AT ANTIGUA. West Indian Hospitality. - A Sugar Plantation. - Sugar-making.- An Occult Luncheon. -Turtle, and again Turtle.- The Public Library. -Historical Notes. -Under Way for Islands farther South.@@ E were made welcome at our friend's house in a manner that banished at once all thought that until that day we had been utter strangers to our entertainers, and so, without ceremony or restraint, were soon comfortably settled, some in the drawing-room, some on the veran-da, pleasantly chatting with new-found acquaintances say, rather, kind-hearted friends, who mani-fested a flattering interest in us and in our affairs. Kinder-hearted, more gracious gentle-folk I never met, no matter where my stages may have been, at home or abroad, than the West Indian people. Their hospitality is as genial and sunny as their delightful climate they are generous and very socially inclined, ready to receive all strangers heartily. No matter whether their guest hails from neighboring islands, from England the old land that all British Creoles call home , or from foreign countries, they are tireless in their atten tion to the stranger within their gates.
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER VI. A DAY AT ANTIGUA. West Indian Hospitality.@-@A Sugar Plantation.@-@Sugar-making.-@An Occult Luncheon. -Turtle, and again Turtle.-@The Public Library.@-Historical Notes.@-Under Way for Islands farther South. W E were made welcome at our friend's house in a manner that banished at once all thought that until that day we had been utter strangers to our entertainers, and so, without ceremony or restraint, were soon comfortably settled, some in the drawing-room, some on the veran-da, pleasantly chatting with new-found acquaintances say, rather, kind-hearted friends, who mani-fested a flattering interest in us and in our affairs. Kinder-hearted, more gracious gentle-folk I never met, no matter where my stages may have been, at home or abroad, than the West Indian people. Their hospitality is as genial and sunny as their delightful climate they are generous and very socially inclined, ready to receive all strangers heartily. No matter whether their guest hails from neighboring islands, from England the old land that all British creoles call home , or from foreign countries, they are tireless in their atten-tion to the stranger within their gates.