[OCR_toInput] 76 DOWN THE ISLANDS. where his brother Indian Warner lived. Great seeming joy was there at their meeting, but how far real the event showed, for the English Warner, providing plenty of liquor and inviting his half-brother to be merry with him, in the midst of his entertainment ordered his men, when a signal was given, to murder him and all his Indians, which was accordingly performed. Such perfidious doings as these, besides the baseness of them, are a great hinderance of our gaining interest among the Indians. Philip Warner was tried, it is true, for the murder of his half brother, but, being triumphantly acquitted, had his lands restored to him, and was re-established in the honors of the governorship. In 1703 a monthly mail-service was started between Antigua, Bar bados, St. Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Jamaica, and England. It is curious to note the charges that were made for the conveyance of letters in those days they7 were as follows For every letter not ex ceeding one sheet of paper, 9d. for two sheets, Is. 6d. for every packet weighing 1 oz. or under, 2s. 8d. In the year 1770, Antigua was visited by Captain Kidd, As he sailed, as he sailed. This gallant tar persuaded the governor to give him command of a small sloop of thirty guns, promising in turn to ex terminate he, of all salt-water highwaymen the pirates that infested these seas in by-gone days. This he did, in his own way, and doubt less to his own entire satisfaction. The people of Antigua, during his protectorate, had frequent cause to remember the fable of the Doves who invited the Kite to defend them from the Hawk, no doubt puz zling themselves considerably how best to solve the problem, Quis cus todies custodem ? until Kidd saw fit to depart for the East Indies, as he did a year or two afterward, in the thirty-gun sloop, which he forgot to restore to the governor. In the time of Queen Anne that abominable and atrocious gov ernor, Daniel Park, arrived to blast for a time with his unhallowed breath this beautiful island. This truly remarkable man was a Vir ginian who had committed a murder at a gambling-table, deserted his
[OCR_aligned] 76 DOWN THE ISLANDS. where his brother Indian Warner lived. Great seeming joy was there at their meeting, but how far real the event showed, for the English Warner, providing plenty of liquor and inviting his half-brother to be merry with him, in the midst of his entertainment ordered his men, when a signal was given, to murder him and all his Indians, which was accordingly performed. Such perfidious doings as these, besides the baseness of them, are a great hinderance of our gaining interest among the Indians. Philip Warner was tried, it is true, for the murder of his half brother, but, being triumphantly acquitted, had his lands restored to him, and was re-established in the honors of the governorship. In 1703 a monthly mail-service was started between Antigua, Bar bados, St. Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Jamaica, and England. It is curious to note the charges that were made for the conveyance of letters in those days they7 were as follows For every letter not ex ceeding one sheet of paper, 9d. for two sheets, Is. 6d. for every packet weighing 1 oz. or under, 2s. 8d. In the year 1770, Antigua was visited by Captain Kidd, As he sailed, as he sailed. This gallant tar persuaded the governor to give him command of a small sloop of thirty guns, promising in turn to ex terminate he, of all salt-water highwaymen the pirates that infested these seas in by-gone days. This he did, in his own way, and doubt less to his own entire satisfaction. The people of Antigua, during his protectorate, had frequent cause to remember the fable of the Doves who invited the Kite to defend them from the Hawk, no doubt puz zling themselves considerably how best to solve the problem, Quis cus todies custodem ? until Kidd saw fit to depart for the East Indies, as he did a year or two afterward, in the thirty-gun sloop, which he forgot to restore to the governor. In the time of Queen Anne that abominable and atrocious gov ernor, Daniel Park, arrived to blast for a time with his unhallowed breath this beautiful island. This truly remarkable man was a Vir ginian who had committed a murder at a gambling-table, deserted his
[ GS_aligned] ########################## his brother Indian Warner lived. Great seeming joy was there at their meeting, but how far real the event showed, for the English Warner, providing plenty of liquor and inviting his half-brother to be merry with him, in the midst of his entertainment ordered his men, when a signal was given, to murder him and all his Indians, which was accordingly performed. Such perfidious doings as these, besides the baseness of them, are a great hinderance of our gaining interest among the Indians. Philip Warner was tried, it is true, for the murder of his half-brother, but, being triumphantly acquitted, had his lands restored to him, and was re-established in the honors of the governorship. In 1703 a monthly mail-service was started between Antigua, Bar-bados, St. Christopher, Nevis, Montserrat, Jamaica, and England. It is curious to note the charges that were made for the conveyance of letters in those days they@ were as follows For every letter not ex-ceeding one sheet of paper, 9d. for two sheets, 1s. 6d. for every packet weighing 1 oz. or under, 2s. 8d. In the year 1770, Antigua was visited by Captain Kidd, As he sailed, as he sailed. This gallant tar persuaded the governor to give him command of a small sloop of thirty guns, promising in turn to ex-terminate he, of all salt-water highwaymen the pirates that infested these seas in by-gone days. This he did, in his own way, and doubt-less to his own entire satisfaction. The people of Antigua, during his protectorate, had frequent cause to remember the fable of the Doves who invited the Kite to defend them from the Hawk, no doubt puz-zling themselves considerably how best to solve the problem, Quis cus-todiet custodem ? until Kidd saw fit to depart for the East Indies, as he did a year or two afterward, in the thirty-gun sloop, which he forgot to restore to the governor. In the time of Queen Anne that abominable and atrocious gov-ernor, Daniel Park, arrived to blast for a time with his unhallowed breath this beautiful island. This truly remarkable man was a Vir-ginian who had committed a murder at a gambling-table, deserted his