[OCR_toInput] ADAT AT ANTIGUA. 77 wife, fled to England, purchased an estate, got himself elected to, and was promptly expelled from Parliament for bribery. He fled to Hol land, pursued by a captain of the Queen's Guard, whose wife he had dishonored, and there volunteered, under the Duke of Marlborough, as aide-de-camp. The duke was almost immediately obliged to dis honorably discharge the rascal from the army, and after the Battle of Blenheim, to get rid of him, despatched him to England to announce the gaining of that famous victory to Queen Anne, sending by the hand of Parks the following letter to the Duchess of Marlborough August 13, 1704 I have not time to say more, but to beg you will give my Duty to the Queen, and let her know her Army has had a glorious Victory. Mon' Tallard and two other Generals are in my Coach and I am following the rest. The bearer, my Aiede-Camp C. M. Parkes, will give her and account of what has pass'd. I shal doe it in a day or two by a nother more att large. Mablboeodgh. To relieve herself in turn of the presence of the busy villain, the Queen made pretence of honoring the bearer of good tidings, and ap pointed this precious scoundrel to the Governorship of Antigua, where he lost no time in provoking a riot, in which he was killed by a mob, who, exasperated by his crimes, literally tore him to pieces in the street. Before the abolition of slavery Antigua was the scene of several negro insurrections, which with one notable exception, in the year 1736 were easily suppressed, and, although threatened by foes from •without, the island has usually enjoyed internal peace. In the year 1787, Prince William Henry, afterward William IV. of England, visited Antigua in the frigate Pegasus. His appearance threw Anti guan society into a fever of loyal enthusiasm. The Solicitor-General of the island, in attempting to read an address of welcome, was so overawed that he was bereft of speech. The prince during his stay impressed the good people of Antigua with a sense of his gracious
[OCR_aligned] ADAT AT ANTIGUA. 77 wife, fled to England, purchased an estate, got himself elected to, and was promptly expelled from Parliament for bribery. He fled to Hol land, pursued by a captain of the Queen's Guard, whose wife he had dishonored, and there volunteered, under the Duke of Marlborough, as aide-de-camp. The duke was almost immediately obliged to dis honorably discharge the rascal from the army, and after the Battle of Blenheim, to get rid of him, despatched him to England to announce the gaining of that famous victory to Queen Anne, sending by the hand of Parks the following letter to the Duchess of Marlborough August 13, 1704@ I have not time to say more, but to beg you will give my Duty to the Queen, and let her know her Army has had a glorious Victory. Mon@' Tallard and two other Generals are in my Coach and I am following the rest. The bearer, my Aiede-Camp C. M. Parkes, will give her and account of what has pass'd. I shal doe it in a day or two by a nother more att large. Mablboeodgh. To relieve herself in turn of the presence of the busy villain, the Queen made pretence of honoring the bearer of good tidings, and ap pointed this precious scoundrel to the Governorship of Antigua, where he lost no time in provoking a riot, in which he was killed by a mob, who, exasperated by his crimes, literally tore him to pieces in the street. Before the abolition of slavery Antigua was the scene of several negro insurrections, which with one notable exception, in the year 1736 were easily suppressed, and, although threatened by foes from •without, the island has usually enjoyed internal peace. In the year 1787, Prince William Henry, afterward William IV. of England, visited Antigua in the frigate Pegasus. His appearance threw Anti guan society into a fever of loyal enthusiasm. The Solicitor-General of the island, in attempting to read an address of welcome, was so overawed that he was bereft of speech. The prince during his stay impressed the good people of Antigua with a sense of his gracious
[ GS_aligned] ######################### fled to England, purchased an estate, got himself elected to, and was promptly expelled from Parliament for bribery. He fled to Hol-land, pursued by a captain of the Queen's Guard, whose wife he had dishonored, and there volunteered, under the Duke of Marlborough, as aide-de-camp. The duke was almost immediately obliged to dis-honorably discharge the rascal from the army, and after the Battle of Blenheim, to get rid of him, despatched him to England to announce the gaining of that famous victory to Queen Anne, sending by the hand of Parks the following letter to the Duchess of Marlborough August 13, 1704. I have not time to say more, but to beg you will give my Duty to the Queen, and let her know her Army has had a glorious Victory. Mon s Tallard and two other Generals are in my Coach and I am following the rest. The bearer, my Aiede-Camp C. M. Parkes, will give her and account of what has pass'd. I shal doe it in a day or two by a nother more att large. ############### relieve herself in turn of the presence of the busy villain, the Queen made pretence of honoring the bearer of good tidings, and ap-pointed this precious scoundrel to the Governorship of Antigua, where he lost no time in provoking a riot, in which he was killed by a mob, who, exasperated by his crimes, literally tore him to pieces in the street. Before the abolition of slavery Antigua was the scene of several negro insurrections, which with one notable exception, in the year 1736 were easily suppressed, and, although threatened by foes from @without, the island has usually enjoyed internal peace. In the year 1787, Prince William Henry, afterward William IV. of England, visited Antigua in the frigate Pegasus. His appearance threw Anti-guan society into a fever of loyal enthusiasm. The Solicitor-General of the island, in attempting to read an address of welcome, was so overawed that he was bereft of speech. The prince during his stay impressed the good people of Antigua with a sense of his gracious