[OCR_toInput] 78 DOWN THE ISLANDS. majesty of mien and kingly qualities, and the enthusiastic historian who chronicles the events of this royal visit becomes recklessly extrava gant in the use of what may well be called truly loyal adjectives, as witness the following selection, culled at random from page after page of glowing narrative, in which the prince is described as affable, bluff, civil, condescending, conspicuous, dignified, frank, gallant with the accent first on one and then on t'other syllable , gracious, humble, liberal, pleasing, polite, princely, serene, striking, urbane, victorious, with all of which the other parts of speech patriotically, enthusiastically, and unanimously agree. A greater man than prince or king, who hap pened to follow humbly in the suite of his royal master, receives but a passing notice, to wit Captain Nelson, of the Boreas, accompanied His Royal High-ness. Antigua, at one time, was compensated for the short plague of Parks by the presence of the Right Honorable Ralph Lord Laving ton, Baron of Lavington, a very hospitable man and fond of splendor. His balls and routs were given upon a scale of the grand est and most impressive magnificence. His hospitality was tempered by the regard due to a personage of his importance, and he firmly be lieved in the inferiority in blood, breeding, and mental capacity of the black man. He would not, upon any occasion, receive a letter or parcel from the fingers of a black or colored man, and, in order to guard against such horrible defilement, he had a golden instrument wrought, something like a pair of sugar-tongs, in which to hold the presented article. He would not allow his blacks to wear shoes or stockings his footmen used to stand behind his carriage with their naked legs shin ing from the butter with which, by His Excellency's orders, they were daily compelled to anoint them. The whistle of the steam-launch interrupted my researches into the chronicles of Antigua. Bidding good-by to the librarian I hurried to
[OCR_aligned] 78 DOWN THE ISLANDS. majesty of mien and kingly qualities, and the enthusiastic historian who chronicles the events of this royal visit becomes recklessly extrava gant in the use of what may well be called truly loyal adjectives, as witness the following selection, culled at random from page after page of glowing narrative, in which the prince is described as affable, bluff, civil, condescending, conspicuous, dignified, frank, gallant with the accent first on one and then on t'other syllable , gracious, humble, liberal, pleasing, polite, princely, serene, striking, urbane, victorious, with all of which the other parts of speech patriotically, enthusiastically, and unanimously agree. A greater man than prince or king, who hap pened to follow humbly in the suite of his royal master, receives but a passing notice, to wit Captain Nelson, of the Boreas, accompanied His Royal High-ness. Antigua, at one time, was compensated for the short plague of Parks by the presence of the Right Honorable Ralph Lord Laving ton, Baron of Lavington, a very hospitable man and fond of splendor. His balls and routs were given upon a scale of the grand est and most impressive magnificence. His hospitality was tempered by the regard due to a personage of his importance, and he firmly be lieved in the inferiority in blood, breeding, and mental capacity of the black man. He would not, upon any occasion, receive a letter or parcel from the fingers of a black or colored man, and, in order to guard against such horrible defilement, he had a golden instrument wrought, something like a pair of sugar-tongs, in which to hold the presented article. He would not allow his blacks to wear shoes or stockings his footmen used to stand behind his carriage with their naked legs shin ing from the butter with which, by His Excellency's orders, they were daily compelled to anoint them. The whistle of the steam-launch interrupted my researches into the chronicles of Antigua. Bidding good-by to the librarian I hurried to
[ GS_aligned] ############################ of mien and kingly qualities, and the enthusiastic historian who chronicles the events of this royal visit becomes recklessly extrava-gant in the use of what may well be called truly loyal adjectives, as witness the following selection, culled at random from page after page of glowing narrative, in which the prince is described as affable, bluff, civil, condescending, conspicuous, dignified, frank, gallant with the accent first on one and then on t'other syllable , gracious, humble, liberal, pleasing, polite, princely, serene, striking, urbane, victorious, with all of which the other parts of speech patriotically, enthusiastically, and unanimously agree. A greater man than prince or king, who hap-pened to follow humbly in the suite of his royal master, receives but a passing notice, to wit Captain Nelson, of the Boreas, accompanied His Royal High-ness. Antigua, at one time, was compensated for the short plague of Parks by the presence of the Right Honorable Ralph Lord Laving-ton, Baron of Lavington, a very hospitable man and fond of splendor. His balls and routs were given upon a scale of the grand-est and most impressive magnificence. His hospitality was tempered by the regard due to a personage of his importance, and he firmly be-lieved in the inferiority in blood, breeding, and mental capacity of the black man. He would not, upon any occasion, receive a letter or parcel from the fingers of a black or colored man, and, in order to guard against such horrible defilement, he had a golden instrument wrought, something like a pair of sugar-tongs, in which to hold the presented article. He would not allow his blacks to wear shoes or stockings his footmen used to stand behind his carriage with their naked less shin-ing from the butter with which, by His Excellency's orders, they were daily compelled to anoint them. The whistle of the steam-launch interrupted my researches into the chronicles of Antigua. Bidding good-by to the librarian I hurried to