[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER VII. LIFE ON SHIPBOARD. A Sudden Sunset. - A Mysterious Evening.- Sleeping on Deck.- The Ladies' Reserva-tion. - The Doctor's Camping-ground. - -Morning Ritual. - Fruit and Salt-water Baths. - Guadeloupe.- The Saints. - Marie Galante. - Dominica. After a stay of twelve hours at Antigua the Barracouta steamed out of the harbor of St. John's as the sun was setting, and, taking a southerly course, resumed her voyage. The air was mild and balmy, the sky cloudless, the atmosphere remarkably transparent we could see distinctly the mountain of St. Kitt's and the pyramid of Nevis, far away in the west, across sixty miles of intervening ocean, seem ingly joined together, showing above the horizon in purple silhouette against a sky of pale, opalescent tints. Rugged Montserrat was also in plain sight, forty miles to the south of Nevis and between the two, Redonda, misty and golden, like Kubla Khan's pleasure-dome, floated midway in the waves. Ahead of us, leagues away in the south, we were aware of Guadeloupe - dimly shadowed forth between sight and imagination - a great mountain in cloudland. We barely had time to repeat the names of the islands, in their order, before they faded from our sight. Day was done. Done, and done with ! It was difficult to realize that the sun had gone down in the fore ordained, natural way. It went out, so to speak, suddenly, unex pectedly as if something was wrong with the meter, or the wires had got crossed it did not appear to sink beneath the waves, but to plunge into them, so that one almost expected to see a great splash, and, by the obvious association of absurd ideas, was reminded of
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER VII. LIFE ON SHIPBOARD. A Sudden Sunset. - A Mysterious Evening.- Sleeping on Deck.- The Ladies' Reserva-tion. - The Doctor's Camping-ground. - -Morning Ritual. - Fruit and Salt-water Baths. - Guadeloupe.- The Saints. - Marie Galante. - Dominica. After a stay of twelve hours at Antigua the Barracouta steamed out of the harbor of St. John's as the sun was setting, and, taking a southerly course, resumed her voyage. The air was mild and balmy, the sky cloudless, the atmosphere remarkably transparent we could see distinctly the mountain of St. Kitt's and the pyramid of Nevis, far away in the west, across sixty miles of intervening ocean, seem ingly joined together, showing above the horizon in purple silhouette against a sky of pale, opalescent tints. Rugged Montserrat was also in plain sight, forty miles to the south of Nevis and between the two, Redonda, misty and golden, like Kubla Khan's pleasure-dome, floated midway in the waves. Ahead of us, leagues away in the south, we were aware of Guadeloupe - dimly shadowed forth between sight and imagination - a great mountain in cloudland. We barely had time to repeat the names of the islands, in their order, before they faded from our sight. Day was done. Done, and done with ! It was difficult to realize that the sun had gone down in the fore ordained, natural way. It went out, so to speak, suddenly, unex pectedly as if something was wrong with the meter, or the wires had got crossed it did not appear to sink beneath the waves, but to plunge into them, so that one almost expected to see a great splash, and, by the obvious association of absurd ideas, was reminded of
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER VII. LIFE ON SHIPBOARD. A Sudden Sunset.@-@A Mysterious Evening.-@Sleeping on Deck.-@The Ladies' Reserva-tion.@-@The Doctor's Camping-ground.@@@-Morning Ritual.@-@Fruit and Salt-water Baths.@-@Guadeloupe.-@The Saints.@-@Marie Galante.@-@Dominica. AFTER a stay of twelve hours at Antigua the Barracouta steamed out of the harbor of St. John's as the sun was setting, and, taking a southerly course, resumed her voyage. The air was mild and balmy, the sky cloudless, the atmosphere remarkably transparent we could see distinctly the mountain of St. Kitt's and the pyramid of Nevis, far away in the west, across sixty miles of intervening ocean, seem-ingly joined together, showing above the horizon in purple silhouette against a sky of pale, opalescent tints. Rugged Montserrat was also in plain sight, forty miles to the south of Nevis and between the two, Redonda, misty and golden, like Kubla Khan's pleasure-dome, floated midway in the waves. Ahead of us, leagues away in the south, we were aware of Guadeloupe@-@dimly shadowed forth between sight and imagination@-@a great mountain in cloudland. We barely had time to repeat the names of the islands, in their order, before they faded from our sight. Day was done. Done, and done with ! It was difficult to realize that the sun had gone down in the fore-ordained, natural way. It went out, so to speak, suddenly, unex-pectedly as if something was wrong with the meter, or the wires had got crossed it did not appear to sink beneath the waves, but to plunge into them, so that one almost expected to see a great splash, and, by the obvious association of absurd ideas, was reminded of