[OCR_toInput] 84 DOWN THE ISLANDS. terry cold day I left New York. It was delightful to awaken in the morning refreshed by these al fresco slumbers, experiencing nope of the sensations of languor which generally render the operation of dress ing in the state-room so tedious and discouraging. All one had to do was to open one's eyes, sit up, and straightway begin to eat of the fruit placed within reach the night before watch the sun rise, bundle up one's bed, and stow it out of the way of the sailors when they began washing the decks. We even enjoyed witnessing that operation, usu ally so maddening to sleepy-heads below, as I can testify from drowsy experience gained on Cunard or White Star steamers, for often have I been awakened by the sound of scrubbing and squeegeeing over my head when I thought the merciless tar above would scrub a hole in the deck and tumble in upon me - bucket, squeegee, wet feet, and all. After sunrise and fruit, it was the height of luxury it is one of the most delightful reminiscences of the trip to saunter forward, and tip a sailor to give one a good sousing with sea-water. Those of us who tried the experiment daily were compelled to station ourselves near one of the scuppers in the forecastle while Jack Tar ducked us with a stream from the deck-hose, sometimes directed against us with mis chievous suddenness and force, to the great amusement of his grinning mates. Afterward we were thoroughly groomed, oftentimes with such heart 7 good-will that we were ready to cry out at being so vigorously polished off, as the sailors called the operation of setting us in a glow. Then - well, then - we ate a little fruit while dressing, strolled aft to our state-rooms, and partook of occasional fruit till we sat down to a breakfast which consisted principally of the same delightful diet. Every morning the Doctor gently announced his return to conscious ness, and oranges, by drawing sundry deep and comfortable sighs, that I may not better describe than by saying they sounded like long needed holiday sighs of rests ulness. He evidently enjoyed inflating, not only his lungs, but his entire subject with the fresh trades. He seemed to know, by reason of much study of matters anatomical, how to distribute the pure air into his innermost recesses as if he were
[OCR_aligned] 84 DOWN THE ISLANDS. terry cold day I left New York. It was delightful to awaken in the morning refreshed by these al fresco slumbers, experiencing nope of the sensations of languor which generally render the operation of dress ing in the state-room so tedious and discouraging. All one had to do was to open one's eyes, sit up, and straightway begin to eat of the fruit placed within reach the night before watch the sun rise, bundle up one's bed, and stow it out of the way of the sailors when they began washing the decks. We even enjoyed witnessing that operation, usu ally so maddening to sleepy-heads below, as I can testify from drowsy experience gained on Cunard or White Star steamers, for often have I been awakened by the sound of scrubbing and squeegeeing over my head when I thought the merciless tar above would scrub a hole in the deck and tumble in upon me - bucket, squeegee, wet feet, and all. After sunrise and fruit, it was the height of luxury it is one of the most delightful reminiscences of the trip to saunter forward, and tip a sailor to give one a good sousing with sea-water. Those of us who tried the experiment daily were compelled to station ourselves near one of the scuppers in the forecastle while Jack Tar ducked us with a stream from the deck-hose, sometimes directed against us with mis chievous suddenness and force, to the great amusement of his grinning mates. Afterward we were thoroughly groomed, oftentimes with such heart 7 good-will that we were ready to cry out at being so vigorously polished off, as the sailors called the operation of setting us in a glow. Then - well, then - we ate a little fruit while dressing, strolled aft to our state-rooms, and partook of occasional fruit till we sat down to a breakfast which consisted principally of the same delightful diet. Every morning the Doctor gently announced his return to conscious ness, and oranges, by drawing sundry deep and comfortable sighs, that I may not better describe than by saying they sounded like long needed holiday sighs of rests ulness. He evidently enjoyed inflating, not only his lungs, but his entire subject with the fresh trades. He seemed to know, by reason of much study of matters anatomical, how to distribute the pure air into his innermost recesses as if he were
[ GS_aligned] ########################## cold day I left New York. It was delightful to awaken in the morning refreshed by these al fresco slumbers, experiencing nope of the sensations of languor which generally render the operation of dress-ing in the state-room so tedious and discouraging. All one had to do was to open one's eyes, sit up, and straightway begin to eat of the fruit placed within reach the night before watch the sun rise, bundle up one's bed, and stow it out of the way of the sailors when they began washing the decks. We even enjoyed witnessing that operation, usu-ally so maddening to sleepy-heads below, as I can testify from drowsy experience gained on Cunard or White Star steamers, for often have I been awakened by the sound of scrubbing and squeegeeing over my head when I thought the merciless tar above would scrub a hole in the deck and tumble in upon me@-@bucket, squeegee, wet feet, and all. After sunrise and fruit, it was the height of luxury it is one of the most delightful reminiscences of the trip to saunter forward, and tip a sailor to give one a good sousing with sea-water. Those of us who tried the experiment daily were compelled to station ourselves near one of the scuppers in the forecastle while Jack Tar ducked us with a stream from the deck-hose, sometimes directed against us with mis-chievous suddenness and force, to the great amusement of his grinning mates. Afterward we were thoroughly groomed, oftentimes with such heart@y good-will that we were ready to cry out at being so vigorously polished off, as the sailors called the operation of setting us in a glow. Then@-@well, then@-@we ate a little fruit while dressing, strolled aft to our state-rooms, and partook of occasional fruit till we sat down to a breakfast which consisted principally of the same delightful diet. Every morning the Doctor gently announced his return to conscious-ness, and oranges, by drawing sundry deep and comfortable sighs, that I may not better describe than by saying they sounded like long-needed holiday sighs of rest@fulness. He evidently enjoyed inflating, not only his lungs, but his entire subject with the fresh trades. He seemed to know, by reason of much study of matters anatomical, how to distribute the pure air into his innermost recesses as if he were