[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER VIII. SABBATH ISLAND. Dominica- Mount Diablotin. - The Lay of the Land.- The Forests and Mountains. -Its unexplored Interior.- Dr. Imray's Description of its Soil and Peculiari-ties. - Its Crops and Commerce. - The Land of Caribs.- Roseau. The island of Dominica lies between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean in 15° 39' north latitude, 61° 30' west longitude, mid way between Guadeloupe on the north and Martinique on the south. It is twenty-nine miles long, extending from Cape Melville on the north to Cachacrou Head in the south at its greatest width, that is to say, from Pagouma Point to Crabiere Point, it is sixteen miles in diameter. A line drawn between these two promontories across the island would pass nearly over the peak of Mount Diablotin, which is, as I have already said, the highest mountain, not only in this island but also in all the Caribbean Archipelago. Indeed, if we could see a plan of the elevation of the Caribbees as they lie from north to south, we would be struck by the fact that, beginning with Sombrero, at the extreme northerly end of the group, there is a noticeable and progressive increase in the height of the summits of the mountainous islands, until Mount Diablotin, the dominating height, is reached, thence the altitude of the hills diminishes, with marked regularity, to the south of this central mountain, gradually decreasing in height toward the low rolling hills in the south part of Trinidad. The last-named eminences are but moderate-sized braes, subsiding into broken plain and prairie country, only slightly raised above the
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER VIII. SABBATH ISLAND. Dominica- Mount Diablotin. - The Lay of the Land.- The Forests and Mountains. -Its unexplored Interior.- Dr. Imray's Description of its Soil and Peculiari-ties. - Its Crops and Commerce. - The Land of Caribs.- Roseau. The island of Dominica lies between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean in 15° 39' north latitude, 61° 30' west longitude, mid way between Guadeloupe on the north and Martinique on the south. It is twenty-nine miles long, extending from Cape Melville on the north to Cachacrou Head in the south at its greatest width, that is to say, from Pagouma Point to Crabiere Point, it is sixteen miles in diameter. A line drawn between these two promontories across the island would pass nearly over the peak of Mount Diablotin, which is, as I have already said, the highest mountain, not only in this island but also in all the Caribbean Archipelago. Indeed, if we could see a plan of the elevation of the Caribbees as they lie from north to south, we would be struck by the fact that, beginning with Sombrero, at the extreme northerly end of the group, there is a noticeable and progressive increase in the height of the summits of the mountainous islands, until Mount Diablotin, the dominating height, is reached, thence the altitude of the hills diminishes, with marked regularity, to the south of this central mountain, gradually decreasing in height toward the low rolling hills in the south part of Trinidad. The last-named eminences are but moderate-sized braes, subsiding into broken plain and prairie country, only slightly raised above the
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER VIII. SABBATH ISLAND. Dominica.-Mount Diablotin.@-@The Lay of the Land.-@The Forests and Mountains. -Its unexplored Interior.-@Dr. Imray's Description of its Soil and Peculiari-ties. -@Its Crops and Commerce.@-@The Land of Caribs.-@Roseau. THE island of Dominica lies between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean in 15° 39′ north latitude, 61° 30′ west longitude, mid-way between Guadeloupe on the north and Martinique on the south. It is twenty-nine miles long, extending from Cape Melville on the north to Cachacrou Head in the south at its greatest width, that is to say, from Pagouma Point to Crabière Point, it is sixteen miles in diameter. A line drawn between these two promontories across the island would pass nearly over the peak of Mount Diablotin, which is, as I have already said, the highest mountain, not only in this island but also in all the Caribbean Archipelago. Indeed, if we could see a plan of the elevation of the Caribbees as they lie from north to south, we would be struck by the fact that, beginning with Sombrero, at the extreme northerly end of the group, there is a noticeable and progressive increase in the height of the summits of the mountainous islands, until Mount Diablotin, the dominating height, is reached, thence the altitude of the hills diminishes, with marked regularity, to the south of this central mountain, gradually decreasing in height toward the low rolling hills in the south part of Trinidad. The last-named eminences are but moderate-sized braes, subsiding into broken plain and prairie country, only slightly raised above the