[OCR_toInput] SABBATH ISLAND. 89 level of the waters which ebb and flow between Trinidad and the mainland of South America, through the Serpent's Mouths, into which empty the incalculable floods of the Orinoco River. In like manner, that other island mountain-chain - for so we may call the Greater Antilles and the Virgin Islands - rises in successive leaps from the sea, beginning with a range of low hills west of the centre of Cuba, attaining great height in the eastern part of that country, whence it dips beneath the ocean again between Cuba and Hayti, to rise in the latter island to its grandest height, eight thousand feet or more, thence descending to a lesser elevation in Porto Rico, a still lower in St. Thomas and so, decreasing in size until the most easterly of the Virgin Islands is reached, the mountain-range sinks again to sea-level, and its crest is lost in the channel between Ane gada and Sombrero. Dominica, according to the Leeward Islands Almanack, contains 186,436 acres, or 290 square miles, of which 55,000 acres are under cul tivation. It has a coast-line of over one hundred miles the whole surface of the island is very irregular, and there is but little marshy land. 1 can do no better than quote from a description of Dominica written by a certain Dr. Imray, who resided for many years on the island and who is undoubtedly the best authority on all matters con cerning the geography, botany, and physical peculiarities of this grand Caribbee. The sketch itself, from which I shall quote, originally appeared in the Edinburgh Medical and Surgical Journal, 1S4S ' Viewed from the sea,' says the doctor, ' the island has a singu larly bold and magnificent appearance. A dark, irregular mass of lofty mountains rises abruptly from the ocean, as if suddenly upheaved from the deep by some mighty convulsion of nature. The rugged grandeur of the island is softened, on a nearer approach, by the mantle of green that everywhere covers its surface, from the sea-margin to the tops of the highest mountains. In sailing along the coast the smiling valleys, deep ravines with overhanging cliffs, aud lofty, wooded
[OCR_aligned] SABBATH ISLAND. 89 level of the waters which ebb and flow between Trinidad and the mainland of South America, through the Serpent's Mouths, into which empty the incalculable floods of the Orinoco River. In like manner, that other island mountain-chain - for so we may call the Greater Antilles and the Virgin Islands - rises in successive leaps from the sea, beginning with a range of low hills west of the centre of Cuba, attaining great height in the eastern part of that country, whence it dips beneath the ocean again between Cuba and Hayti, to rise in the latter island to its grandest height, eight thousand feet or more, thence descending to a lesser elevation in Porto Rico, a still lower in St. Thomas and so, decreasing in size until the most easterly of the Virgin Islands is reached, the mountain-range sinks again to sea-level, and its crest is lost in the channel between Ane gada and Sombrero. Dominica, according to the Leeward Islands Almanack, contains 186,436 acres, or 290 square miles, of which 55,000 acres are under cul tivation. It has a coast-line of over one hundred miles the whole surface of the island is very irregular, and there is but little marshy land. 1 can do no better than quote from a description of Dominica written by a certain Dr. Imray, who resided for many years on the island and who is undoubtedly the best authority on all matters con cerning the geography, botany, and physical peculiarities of this grand Caribbee. The sketch itself, from which I shall quote, originally appeared in the Edinburgh Medical and Surgical Journal, 1S4S ' Viewed from the sea,' says the doctor, ' the island has a singu larly bold and magnificent appearance. A dark, irregular mass of lofty mountains rises abruptly from the ocean, as if suddenly upheaved from the deep by some mighty convulsion of nature. The rugged grandeur of the island is softened, on a nearer approach, by the mantle of green that everywhere covers its surface, from the sea-margin to the tops of the highest mountains. In sailing along the coast the smiling valleys, deep ravines with overhanging cliffs, aud lofty, wooded
[ GS_aligned] ######################## of the waters which ebb and flow between Trinidad and the mainland of South America, through the Serpent's Mouths, into which empty the incalculable floods of the Orinoco River. In like manner, that other island mountain-chain@-@for so we may call the Greater Antilles and the Virgin Islands@-@rises in successive leaps from the sea, beginning with a range of low hills west of the centre of Cuba, attaining great height in the eastern part of that country, whence it dips beneath the ocean again between Cuba and Hayti, to rise in the latter island to its grandest height, eight thousand feet or more, thence descending to a lesser elevation in Porto Rico, a still lower in St. Thomas and so, decreasing in size until the most easterly of the Virgin Islands is reached, the mountain-range sinks again to sea-level, and its crest is lost in the channel between Ane-gada and Sombrero. Dominica, according to the Leeward Islands Almanack, contains 186,436 acres, or 290 square miles, of which 55,000 acres are under cul-tivation. It has a coast-line of over one hundred miles the whole surface of the island is very irregular, and there is but little marshy land. I can do no better than quote from a description of Dominica written by a certain Dr. Imray, who resided for many years on the island and who is undoubtedly the best authority on all matters con-cerning the geography, botany, and physical peculiarities of this grand Caribbee. The sketch itself, from which I shall quote, originally appeared in the Edinburgh Medical and Surgical Journal, 1848 '@Viewed from the sea,' says the doctor, '@the island has a singu-larly bold and magnificent appearance. A dark, irregular mass of lofty mountains rises abruptly from the ocean, as if suddenly upheaved from the deep by some mighty convulsion of nature. The rugged grandeur of the island is softened, on a nearer approach, by the mantle of green that everywhere covers its surface, from the sea-margin to the tops of the highest mountains. In sailing along the coast the smiling valleys, deep ravines with overhanging cliffs, and lofty, wooded