[OCR_toInput] MADANINA-MARTINiq UE. 101 same year that the poet's fellow-countryman, Thomas Warner, landed upon St. Christopher and founded an English colony that is to say, one hundred and thirty years after Columbus had bestowed his own name and that of his patron saint upon the island until then known as The Fertile by its Carib lords. Shakespeare, who of all living men of his day was best informed of what was going on in the world, and made such masterly use of his world-wide knowledge, has paid but little attention to the discovery of a new continent peopled by races of strange and outlandish men. He indeed mentions the still-vexed Bermoothes the Bermudas - his Shy lock is made to say of Antonio, He hath a third argosy at Mexico - but he barely notices the New World, and yet surely he must have heard much of America for in the traveller's history, the recital of which by Othello so charmed the greedy ear of the fair Venetian, there is abundant evidence that the author had in mind the story of some adventurous mariner newly re turned from beyond the Western ocean to spin yarns about his most disastrous chances and moving accidents, and indulge in a quiet shot, with his good long-bow, at the cannibals that each other eat. That there were races of anthropophagi known to the Europeans before Columbus' time is certain, but man-eaters were not called cannibals until after the Caribs had eaten their first white man, who, in the nat ure of things, was probably a subject of their Most Catholic Majes ties Ferdinand and Isabella. Therefore when Shakespeare puts it into the mouth of one of the characters in Coriolanus to say, Had he been cannibally given he might have boiled and eaten him too, the poet is guilty of as glaring an anachronism as when in Julius Caesar he makes his Brutus bid Cassius count the clock. Some of the tribes of the New World anthropophagi are said by early historians to have called themselves Caribs, some Caribals, while others of them pronounced the latter word, Canibals - changing the ?■ ton, as Chi namen transmute r into I. This does not seem in the least improbable, when we consider that the Spaniards changed Christoforo Colombo to Cristobal Colon, and the English, in turn, converted Santo Christoval
[OCR_aligned] MADANINA-MARTINiq UE. 101 same year that the poet's fellow-countryman, Thomas Warner, landed upon St. Christopher and founded an English colony that is to say, one hundred and thirty years after Columbus had bestowed his own name and that of his patron saint upon the island until then known as The Fertile by its Carib lords. Shakespeare, who of all living men of his day was best informed of what was going on in the world, and made such masterly use of his world-wide knowledge, has paid but little attention to the discovery of a new continent peopled by races of strange and outlandish men. He indeed mentions the still-vexed Bermoothes the Bermudas - his Shy lock is made to say of Antonio, He hath a third argosy at Mexico - but he barely notices the New World, and yet surely he must have heard much of America for in the traveller's history, the recital of which by Othello so charmed the greedy ear of the fair Venetian, there is abundant evidence that the author had in mind the story of some adventurous mariner newly re turned from beyond the Western ocean to spin yarns about his most disastrous chances and moving accidents, and indulge in a quiet shot, with his good long-bow, at the cannibals that each other eat. That there were races of anthropophagi known to the Europeans before Columbus' time is certain, but man-eaters were not called cannibals until after the Caribs had eaten their first white man, who, in the nat ure of things, was probably a subject of their Most Catholic Majes ties Ferdinand and Isabella. Therefore when Shakespeare puts it into the mouth of one of the characters in Coriolanus to say, Had he been cannibally given he might have boiled and eaten him too, the poet is guilty of as glaring an anachronism as when in Julius Caesar he makes his Brutus bid Cassius count the clock. Some of the tribes of the New World anthropophagi are said by early historians to have called themselves Caribs, some Caribals, while others of them pronounced the latter word, Canibals - changing the ?■ to@n, as Chi namen transmute r into I. This does not seem in the least improbable, when we consider that the Spaniards changed Christoforo Colombo to Cristobal Colon, and the English, in turn, converted Santo Christoval
[ GS_aligned] ############################## year that the poet's fellow-countryman, Thomas Warner, landed upon St. Christopher and founded an English colony that is to say, one hundred and thirty years after Columbus had bestowed his own name and that of his patron saint upon the island until then known as The Fertile by its Carib lords. Shakespeare, who of all living men of his day was best informed of what was going on in the world, and made such masterly use of his world-wide knowledge, has paid but little attention to the discovery of a new continent peopled by races of strange and outlandish men. He indeed mentions the still-vexed Bermoothes the Bermudas -@his Shy@lock is made to say of Antonio, He hath a third argosy at Mexico -@but he barely notices the New World, and yet surely he must have heard much of America for in the traveller's history, the recital of which by Othello so charmed the greedy ear of the fair Venetian, there is abundant evidence that the author had in mind the story of some adventurous mariner newly re-turned from beyond the Western ocean to spin yarns about his most disastrous chances and moving accidents, and indulge in a quiet shot, with his good long-bow, at the cannibals that each other eat. That there were races of anthropophagi known to the Europeans before Columbus' time is certain, but man-eaters were not called cannibals until after the Caribs had eaten their first white man, who, in the nat-ure of things, was probably a subject of their Most Catholic Majes-ties Ferdinand and Isabella. Therefore when Shakespeare puts it into the mouth of one of the characters in Coriolanus to say, Had he been cannibally given he might have boiled and eaten him too, the poet is guilty of as glaring an anachronism as when in Julius Caesar he makes his Brutus bid Cassius count the clock. Some of the tribes of the New World anthropophagi are said by early historians to have called themselves Caribs, some Caribals, while others of them pronounced the latter word, Canibals -@changing the @r to n, as Chi-namen transmute r into l. This does not seem in the least improbable, when we consider that the Spaniards changed Christoforo Colombo to Cristóbal Colon, and the English, in turn, converted Santo Christoval