[OCR_toInput] 102 DOWN THE ISLANDS. into St. Kitt's. The New World undoubtedly contributed the word cannibal to European languages - and the Caribbees are undoubt edly the original Cannibal Islands. But to return to my story. I have not forgotten the name of the strip of seething brine that writhes and tumbles, tormented by tide and wind, between the cliffs of Dover and the rocks of Cape Gris-nez - I have crossed it many times and oft, in imminent danger of losing all my personal effects, except such as happened to be fastened securely to the outside of my suffering body, or locked in my portmanteau but I have to confess that, just as Fluellen had forgotten the name of the river in far-away Macedon if, indeed, he ever knew it , so it is not in my prains what is the name of the peaceful sea, if name it has, that lies between Cachacrou Head, Dominica, and Cape St. Martin, Martinique, sparkling in the sunlight, glistening in the star light, day after da 7, night after night, throughout unending summer. But whatever be the name of the strait or channel across which the Barracouta bravely bore us, the passage over the blue deep from Do minica to Martinique was delightful, and beyond all gainsaying enjoy able, being made in ease and comfort. Between Cape St. Martin, its northwest extremity, and Cape d'Enf er, the j umping-off place at the tip-end of the island on its south eastern confines, Martinique is thirty-five miles in length, varying in width from seven to sixteen miles, being broadest between Cape Enrage on the leeward and the Peninsula Caravelle on the windward shore. Its area is about three hundred and eighty square miles, that is to say, 245,000 acres in all, of which a little over 80,000 acres are well-watered plains and fertile hill-sides under cultivation. There is nearly an equal amount of forest or savannah, while the remainder of the land, either because of its ruggedness, or because it is covered with impenetrable jungle, lies fallow year after year. Some of this fallow land was at one time cleared of trees and broken by the plough in later days it has been permitted to remain untilled, and in many places is once more overgrown by shrubs and ferns, or by a vigorous second
[OCR_aligned] 102 DOWN THE ISLANDS. into St. Kitt's. The New World undoubtedly contributed the word cannibal to European languages - and the Caribbees are undoubt edly the original Cannibal Islands. But to return to my story. I have not forgotten the name of the strip of seething brine that writhes and tumbles, tormented by tide and wind, between the cliffs of Dover and the rocks of Cape Gris-nez - I have crossed it many times and oft, in imminent danger of losing all my personal effects, except such as happened to be fastened securely to the outside of my suffering body, or locked in my portmanteau but I have to confess that, just as Fluellen had forgotten the name of the river in far-away Macedon if, indeed, he ever knew it , so it is not in my prains what is the name of the peaceful sea, if name it has, that lies between Cachacrou Head, Dominica, and Cape St. Martin, Martinique, sparkling in the sunlight, glistening in the star light, day after da 7, night after night, throughout unending summer. But whatever be the name of the strait or channel across which the Barracouta bravely bore us, the passage over the blue deep from Do minica to Martinique was delightful, and beyond all gainsaying enjoy able, being made in ease and comfort. Between Cape St. Martin, its northwest extremity, and Cape d'Enf er, the j umping-off place at the tip-end of the island on its south eastern confines, Martinique is thirty-five miles in length, varying in width from seven to sixteen miles, being broadest between Cape Enrage on the leeward and the Peninsula Caravelle on the windward shore. Its area is about three hundred and eighty square miles, that is to say, 245,000 acres in all, of which a little over 80,000 acres are well-watered plains and fertile hill-sides under cultivation. There is nearly an equal amount of forest or savannah, while the remainder of the land, either because of its ruggedness, or because it is covered with impenetrable jungle, lies fallow year after year. Some of this fallow land was at one time cleared of trees and broken by the plough in later days it has been permitted to remain untilled, and in many places is once more overgrown by shrubs and ferns, or by a vigorous second
[ GS_aligned] ########################## St. Kitt's. The New World undoubtedly contributed the word cannibal to European languages@-@and the Caribbees are undoubt-edly the original Cannibal Islands. But to return to my story. I have not forgotten the name of the strip of seething brine that writhes and tumbles, tormented by tide and wind, between the cliffs of Dover and the rocks of Cape Gris-nez -@I have crossed it many times and oft, in imminent danger of losing all my personal effects, except such as happened to be fastened securely to the outside of my suffering body, or locked in my portmanteau but I have to confess that, just as Fluellen had forgotten the name of the river in far-away Macedon if, indeed, he ever knew it , so it is not in my prains what is the name of the peaceful sea, if name it has, that lies between Cachacrou Head, Dominica, and Cape St. Martin, Martinique, sparkling in the sunlight, glistening in the star-light, day after da@y, night after night, throughout unending summer. But whatever be the name of the strait or channel across which the Barracouta bravely bore us, the passage over the blue deep from Do-minica to Martinique was delightful, and beyond all gainsaying enjoy-able, being made in ease and comfort. Between Cape St. Martin, its northwest extremity, and Cape d'Enf@er, the j@umping-off place at the tip-end of the island on its south-eastern confines, Martinique is thirty-five miles in length, varying in width from seven to sixteen miles, being broadest between Cape Enrage on the leeward and the Peninsula Caravelle on the windward shore. Its area is about three hundred and eighty square miles, that is to say, 245,000 acres in all, of which a little over 80,000 acres are well-watered plains and fertile hill-sides under cultivation. There is nearly an equal amount of forest or savannah, while the remainder of the land, either because of its ruggedness, or because it is covered with impenetrable jungle, lies fallow year after year. Some of this fallow land was at one time cleared of trees and broken by the plough in later days it has been permitted to remain untilled, and in many places is once more overgrown by shrubs and ferns, or by a vigorous second