[OCR_toInput] 106 DOWN THE ISLANDS. smoking-room. The skipper, with reckless extravagance as I thought, seeing it came so dear , drank his allowance straight, notwithstand ing the numerous hints thrown out to him by my more considerate fellow-passengers, who, mindful of the costly quality of my entertain ment, adulterated their lime-juice with sundry and divers of the ship's stores. The captain's physical sufferings were easily alleviated, but his thirst for knowledge concerning the strict business-like habits of the colored Creoles of Martinique was unquenchable for several days. As soon as possible after our arrival in the harbor of St. Pierre, we went ashore in one of the ship's boats and landed at a well-built pier, excellently contrived for the convenience of passengers. We were at once most favorably impi-essed by the prevailing order and cleanliness of all we saw, as well as by the neatness of the houses, that were noticeably French, as by the spruce, well-favored, prosperous ap pearance of the people. Like all towns on the leeward coasts of the mountainous Caribbean islands, St. Pierre is situated close beside the sea in fact, it is only separated from the water by a wide beach, along which there is a row of warehouses, occupied by shipping mer chants who carry on a large trade, not only with France, but with all other parts of the civilized world for this city of twenty-five thousand inhabitants is the chief commercial port of the island and its roadstead affords good anchorage for many vessels. The mountains rise in a vast amphitheatre behind the houses, extending, in magnificent sweep, from Point Carbet on the south to La Mare on the north between these two promontories a crescent of sand, five miles in length, bounds the bay. In the middle of the picture the hills are cleft by the valley of the Riviere Roxelane, whose waters, after a headlong rush down the steeps, flow gently across a fertile, highly cultivated savannah, until they finally empty into the bay of St. Pierre, near the northern suburbs of the town. The streets of St. Pierre are well paved -streams of water flowing on both sides of the roadways carry away the dirt and garbage many of the wider avenues are shaded by trees, and the shops in all the thoroughfares give signs of doing a driving
[OCR_aligned] 106 DOWN THE ISLANDS. smoking-room. The skipper, with reckless extravagance as I thought, seeing it came so dear , drank his allowance straight, notwithstand ing the numerous hints thrown out to him by my more considerate fellow-passengers, who, mindful of the costly quality of my entertain ment, adulterated their lime-juice with sundry and divers of the ship's stores. The captain's physical sufferings were easily alleviated, but his thirst for knowledge concerning the strict business-like habits of the colored Creoles of Martinique was unquenchable for several days. As soon as possible after our arrival in the harbor of St. Pierre, we went ashore in one of the ship's boats and landed at a well-built pier, excellently contrived for the convenience of passengers. We were at once most favorably impi-essed by the prevailing order and cleanliness of all we saw, as well as by the neatness of the houses, that were noticeably French, as by the spruce, well-favored, prosperous ap pearance of the people. Like all towns on the leeward coasts of the mountainous Caribbean islands, St. Pierre is situated close beside the sea in fact, it is only separated from the water by a wide beach, along which there is a row of warehouses, occupied by shipping mer chants who carry on a large trade, not only with France, but with all other parts of the civilized world for this city of twenty-five thousand inhabitants is the chief commercial port of the island and its roadstead affords good anchorage for many vessels. The mountains rise in a vast amphitheatre behind the houses, extending, in magnificent sweep, from Point Carbet on the south to La Mare on the north between these two promontories a crescent of sand, five miles in length, bounds the bay. In the middle of the picture the hills are cleft by the valley of the Riviere Roxelane, whose waters, after a headlong rush down the steeps, flow gently across a fertile, highly cultivated savannah, until they finally empty into the bay of St. Pierre, near the northern suburbs of the town. The streets of St. Pierre are well paved -streams of water flowing on both sides of the roadways carry away the dirt and garbage many of the wider avenues are shaded by trees, and the shops in all the thoroughfares give signs of doing a driving
[ GS_aligned] ################################### The skipper, with reckless extravagance as I thought, seeing it came so dear , drank his allowance straight, notwithstand-ing the numerous hints thrown out to him by my more considerate fellow-passengers, who, mindful of the costly quality of my entertain-ment, adulterated their lime-juice with sundry and divers of the ship's stores. The captain's physical sufferings were easily alleviated, but his thirst for knowledge concerning the strict business-like habits of the colored creoles of Martinique was unquenchable for several days. As soon as possible after our arrival in the harbor of St. Pierre, we went ashore in one of the ship's boats and landed at a well-built pier, excellently contrived for the convenience of passengers. We were at once most favorably imp@ressed by the prevailing order and cleanliness of all we saw, as well as by the neatness of the houses, that were noticeably French, as by the spruce, well-favored, prosperous ap-pearance of the people. Like all towns on the leeward coasts of the mountainous Caribbean islands, St. Pierre is situated close beside the sea in fact, it is only separated from the water by a wide beach, along which there is a row of warehouses, occupied by shipping mer-chants who carry on a large trade, not only with France, but with all other parts of the civilized world for this city of twenty-five thousand inhabitants is the chief commercial port of the island and its roadstead affords good anchorage for many vessels. The mountains rise in a vast amphitheatre behind the houses, extending, in magnificent sweep, from Point Carbet on the south to La Mare on the north between these two promontories a crescent of sand, five miles in length, bounds the bay. In the middle of the picture the hills are cleft by the valley of the Rivière Roxelane, whose waters, after a headlong rush down the steeps, flow gently across a fertile, highly cultivated savannah, until they finally empty into the bay of St. Pierre, near the northern suburbs of the town. The streets of St. Pierre are well paved@-streams of water flowing on both sides of the roadways carry away the dirt and garbage many of the wider avenues are shaded by trees, and the shops in all the thoroughfares give signs of doing a driving