[OCR_toInput] 108 DOWN THE ISLANDS. . . . they marry, build in and for the West Indies, and for the West Indies alone. In our colonies it is quite different. . . . Everyone regards the colony as a temporary lodging-place, where they must sojourn in sugar and molasses till their mortgages will let them live elsewhere. They call England their home, though many of them have never been there. They talk of visiting home and going home, and pique themselves on knowing the probable result of a contested election in England more than in mending their roads, establishing a police, or bettering the condition of a prison. The French colonist deliberately expatriates himself the Englishman never. In these words Trollope paraphrases the language of a relative of the poet Coleridge, who wrote of the Caribbees as he found them more than half a century ago. Mr. Coleridge's book, Six Months in the West Indies, is a most entertaining volume, and I commend it as such to my readers. As it was in Coleridge's time in the good old days of slavery, so it was thirty years ago in the time of Trollope and in this year of grace - in all that testifies to the prosperity and thrift of all classes of Creoles, white or black, the British West Indian islands present a striking contrast to the French Caribbees. Walking slowly, keeping my eyes about me as I loitered from cor ner to corner through the streets of St. Pierre, I presently came to the busiest part of the town, where stands a great church, in the front of which I halted for a few minutes to watch a throng of worshippers coming in from all directions, summoned by the tolling of a bell to at tend vespers. It was a good-natured, talkative, laughing, gossipping crowd, composed for the greater part of colored women, all of them gay and radiant in the gaudiest of calicoes and colored cotton-stuffs there were but few meanly clad persons, and fewer beggars than we had elsewhere seen. The men were more stalwart, more active and agile in their movements than are our Southern blacks or the negroes of St. Kitt's and Antigua. The women were more shapely and well favored, their figures lissome and by no means gross, or lacking in beauty of contour or comeliness. There were all shades of color,
[OCR_aligned] 108 DOWN THE ISLANDS. . . . they marry, build in and for the West Indies, and for the West Indies alone. In our colonies it is quite different. . . . Everyone regards the colony as a temporary lodging-place, where they must sojourn in sugar and molasses till their mortgages will let them live elsewhere. They call England their home, though many of them have never been there. They talk of visiting home and going home, and pique themselves on knowing the probable result of a contested election in England more than in mending their roads, establishing a police, or bettering the condition of a prison. The French colonist deliberately expatriates himself the Englishman never. In these words Trollope paraphrases the language of a relative of the poet Coleridge, who wrote of the Caribbees as he found them more than half a century ago. Mr. Coleridge's book, Six Months in the West Indies, is a most entertaining volume, and I commend it as such to my readers. As it was in Coleridge's time in the good old days of slavery, so it was thirty years ago in the time of Trollope and in this year of grace - in all that testifies to the prosperity and thrift of all classes of Creoles, white or black, the British West Indian islands present a striking contrast to the French Caribbees. Walking slowly, keeping my eyes about me as I loitered from cor ner to corner through the streets of St. Pierre, I presently came to the busiest part of the town, where stands a great church, in the front of which I halted for a few minutes to watch a throng of worshippers coming in from all directions, summoned by the tolling of a bell to at tend vespers. It was a good-natured, talkative, laughing, gossipping crowd, composed for the greater part of colored women, all of them gay and radiant in the gaudiest of calicoes and colored cotton-stuffs there were but few meanly clad persons, and fewer beggars than we had elsewhere seen. The men were more stalwart, more active and agile in their movements than are our Southern blacks or the negroes of St. Kitt's and Antigua. The women were more shapely and well favored, their figures lissome and by no means gross, or lacking in beauty of contour or comeliness. There were all shades of color,
[ GS_aligned] ######################### . they marry, build in and for the West Indies, and for the West Indies alone. In our colonies it is quite different. . . . Everyone regards the colony as a temporary lodging-place, where they must sojourn in sugar and molasses till their mortgages will let them live elsewhere. They call England their home, though many of them have never been there. They talk of visiting home and going home, and pique themselves on knowing the probable result of a contested election in England more than in mending their roads, establishing a police, or bettering the condition of a prison. The French colonist deliberately expatriates himself the Englishman never. In these words Trollope paraphrases the language of a relative of the poet Coleridge, who wrote of the Caribbees as he found them more than half a century ago. Mr. Coleridge's book, Six Months in the West Indies, is a most entertaining volume, and I commend it as such to my readers. As it was in Coleridge's time in the good old days of slavery, so it was thirty years ago in the time of Trollope and in this year of grace@-@in all that testifies to the prosperity and thrift of all classes of creoles, white or black, the British West Indian islands present a striking contrast to the French Caribbees. Walking slowly, keeping my eyes about me as I loitered from cor-ner to corner through the streets of St. Pierre, I presently came to the busiest part of the town, where stands a great church, in the front of which I halted for a few minutes to watch a throng of worshippers coming in from all directions, summoned by the tolling of a bell to at-tend vespers. It was a good-natured, talkative, laughing, gossipping crowd, composed for the greater part of colored women, all of them gay and radiant in the gaudiest of calicoes and colored cotton-stuffs there were but few meanly clad persons, and fewer beggars than we had elsewhere seen. The men were more stalwart, more active and agile in their movements than are our Southern blacks or the negroes of St. Kitt's and Antigua. The women were more shapely and well-favored, their figures lissome and by no means gross, or lacking in beauty of contour or comeliness. There were all shades of color,