[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER X. A DRIVE THROUGH MARTINIQUE. Not our Funeral. - A Merry Party.- Over the Hills and Far Away.- The Gendar-merie. -The Valley of the Roxelane.- The High Woods.- Martinique Scenery.-A Way-side Luncheon. - Agouti. - A Pig's Nurse. - A Chorus of Bells. - Return to the Ship. We bestirred ourselves early next morning, left the ship before the sun was two hours high, were rowed ashore, and from the landing readily found our way to the office of the agent of the Barracouta, where a line of carriages was drawn up along the sidewalk await ing our arrival, for we had been promised a long drive over the hills and far away through the high woods of Martinique. We were a merry and comfortable party, as may well be imagined, and as we took the seats assigned to us in the vehicles, which formed in a line on one side of the street, all traffic in the neighborhood came to a stand-still a crowd gathered around us, impeding the passage of carts and pedestrians. We were evidently objects of curiosity to the on lookers, and seemed to afford them as much amusement as a Punch and Judy show affords the unfashionable mob at the East End of London. The situation, besides being extremely embarrassing, was, to say the least, ridiculous the row of waiting carriages was painfully suggestive of a much more melancholy occasion than that which had called together the respectful throng there was an oppressive silence until someone, prompted by the imp of mischief, observed It takes a longtime to get the remains down-stairs. Very trivial the remark may seem as repeated here, but under the circumstances it was sufficiently mal a propos to throw some of the
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER X. A DRIVE THROUGH MARTINIQUE. Not our Funeral. - A Merry Party.- Over the Hills and Far Away.- The Gendar-merie. -The Valley of the Roxelane.- The High Woods.- Martinique Scenery.-A Way-side Luncheon. - Agouti. - A Pig's Nurse. - A Chorus of Bells. - Return to the Ship. We bestirred ourselves early next morning, left the ship before the sun was two hours high, were rowed ashore, and from the landing readily found our way to the office of the agent of the Barracouta, where a line of carriages was drawn up along the sidewalk await ing our arrival, for we had been promised a long drive over the hills and far away through the high woods of Martinique. We were a merry and comfortable party, as may well be imagined, and as we took the seats assigned to us in the vehicles, which formed in a line on one side of the street, all traffic in the neighborhood came to a stand-still a crowd gathered around us, impeding the passage of carts and pedestrians. We were evidently objects of curiosity to the on lookers, and seemed to afford them as much amusement as a Punch and Judy show affords the unfashionable mob at the East End of London. The situation, besides being extremely embarrassing, was, to say the least, ridiculous the row of waiting carriages was painfully suggestive of a much more melancholy occasion than that which had called together the respectful throng there was an oppressive silence until someone, prompted by the imp of mischief, observed It takes a long@time to get the remains down-stairs. Very trivial the remark may seem as repeated here, but under the circumstances it was sufficiently mal a propos to throw some of the
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER X. A DRIVE THROUGH MARTINIQUE. Not our Funeral. -@A Merry Party.-@Over the Hills and Far Away.-@The Gendar-merie.@-The Valley of the Roxelane.-@The High Woods.-@Martinique Scenery.-A Way-side Luncheon.@-@Agouti.@-@A Pig's Nurse.@-@A Chorus of Bells.@-@Return to the Ship. WE bestirred ourselves early next morning, left the ship before the sun was two hours high, were rowed ashore, and from the landing readily found our way to the office of the agent of the Barracouta, where a line of carriages was drawn up along the sidewalk await-ing our arrival, for we had been promised a long drive over the hills and far away through the high woods of Martinique. We were a merry and comfortable party, as may well be imagined, and as we took the seats assigned to us in the vehicles, which formed in a line on one side of the street, all traffic in the neighborhood came to a stand-still a crowd gathered around us, impeding the passage of carts and pedestrians. We were evidently objects of curiosity to the on-lookers, and seemed to afford them as much amusement as a Punch and Judy show affords the unfashionable mob at the East End of London. The situation, besides being extremely embarrassing, was, to say the least, ridiculous the row of waiting carriages was painfully suggestive of a much more melancholy occasion than that which had called together the respectful throng there was an oppressive silence until someone, prompted by the imp of mischief, observed It takes a long time to get the remains down-stairs. Very trivial the remark may seem as repeated here, but under the circumstances it was sufficiently mal à propos to throw some of the