[OCR_toInput] ARRIVAL AT BARBADOS. 143 burned out the land, killing, by what proved to be mistaken kindness, the goose that was expected to lay golden eggs. The product of sugar on the island increased from 24,777 hogsheads in 1845 to 39,290 in 1855, rose to 47,209 in 1865, reached 65,000 in 1875, and the record for nine months of 1884 shows a yield of 59,000 hogs heads, with the last quarter of that year still to be heard from by the compiler of my statistics. What Barbadian energy, imported fertilizers, and improved sugar machinery were able to accomplish during the last twelvemonth I am unable to state but this I do know If the dismal forebodings of the planters, factors, and shippers of sugar I met in Bridgetown have, since I paid my visit to that town in the year of which I am now writing, found their fulfilment, then is Barbados to-day beyond doubt poorer by thousands of pounds sterling than before the crops of 1885 -86 were planted. What wonder, then, that at the time of my visit to their island I found the Barbadians in a fever of excitement and indignation be cause the English Government had, shortly before, refused to accept a proposition made by President Arthur's Administration to the effect the Senate of the United States concurring that all the raw sugar grown in the British West Indies should be admitted free into American ports, in consideration of the removal of duties on one hundred and fifty various articles of export from the States into the Caribbean Islands ? To say that the Barbadians w7ere provoked at the action of the mother counti-y would be to put the matter very mildly. They were, in truth, as mad as marabunta hornets. This swarm of human bees neglected their regnlar business of gathering sugar from every ripening cane-piece, and fell to talking politics and politi cal economy with the earnestness and righteous wrath of men whose liberties and pockets are in danger. Nevertheless and notwith standing their anger and it was hot at the shabby treatment they had received at the hands of the home government, the Barbadians remained royally loyal to the English Crown, standing ready to back
[OCR_aligned] ARRIVAL AT BARBADOS. 143 burned out the land, killing, by what proved to be mistaken kindness, the goose that was expected to lay golden eggs. The product of sugar on the island increased from 24,777 hogsheads in 1845 to 39,290 in 1855, rose to 47,209 in 1865, reached 65,000 in 1875, and the record for nine months of 1884 shows a yield of 59,000 hogs heads, with the last quarter of that year still to be heard from by the compiler of my statistics. What Barbadian energy, imported fertilizers, and improved sugar machinery were able to accomplish during the last twelvemonth I am unable to state but this I do know If the dismal forebodings of the planters, factors, and shippers of sugar I met in Bridgetown have, since I paid my visit to that town in the year of which I am now writing, found their fulfilment, then is Barbados to-day beyond doubt poorer by thousands of pounds sterling than before the crops of 1885 -86 were planted. What wonder, then, that at the time of my visit to their island I found the Barbadians in a fever of excitement and indignation be cause the English Government had, shortly before, refused to accept a proposition made by President Arthur's Administration to the effect the Senate of the United States concurring that all the raw sugar grown in the British West Indies should be admitted free into American ports, in consideration of the removal of duties on one hundred and fifty various articles of export from the States into the Caribbean Islands ? To say that the Barbadians w7ere provoked at the action of the mother counti-y would be to put the matter very mildly. They were, in truth, as mad as marabunta hornets. This swarm of human bees neglected their regnlar business of gathering sugar from every ripening cane-piece, and fell to talking politics and politi cal economy with the earnestness and righteous wrath of men whose liberties and pockets are in danger. Nevertheless and notwith standing their anger and it was hot at the shabby treatment they had received at the hands of the home government, the Barbadians remained royally loyal to the English Crown, standing ready to back
[ GS_aligned] ############################### out the land, killing, by what proved to be mistaken kindness, the goose that was expected to lay golden eggs. The product of sugar on the island increased from 24,777 hogsheads in 1845 to 39,290 in 1855, rose to 47,209 in 1865, reached 65,000 in 1875, and the record for nine months of 1884 shows a yield of 59,000 hogs-heads, with the last quarter of that year still to be heard from by the compiler of my statistics. What Barbadian energy, imported fertilizers, and improved sugar-machinery were able to accomplish during the last twelvemonth I am unable to state but this I do know If the dismal forebodings of the planters, factors, and shippers of sugar I met in Bridgetown have, since I paid my visit to that town in the year of which I am now writing, found their fulfilment, then is Barbados to-day beyond doubt poorer by thousands of pounds sterling than before the crops of 1885 -86 were planted. What wonder, then, that at the time of my visit to their island I found the Barbadians in a fever of excitement and indignation be-cause the English Government had, shortly before, refused to accept a proposition made by President Arthur's Administration to the effect the Senate of the United States concurring that all the raw sugar grown in the British West Indies should be admitted free into American ports, in consideration of the removal of duties on one hundred and fifty various articles of export from the States into the Caribbean Islands ? To say that the Barbadians w@ere provoked at the action of the mother count@ry would be to put the matter very mildly. They were, in truth, as mad as marabunta hornets. This swarm of human bees neglected their regular business of gathering sugar from every ripening cane-piece, and fell to talking politics and politi-cal economy with the earnestness and righteous wrath of men whose liberties and pockets are in danger. Nevertheless and notwith-standing their anger and it was hot at the shabby treatment they had received at the hands of the home government, the Barbadians remained royally loyal to the English Crown, standing ready to back