[OCR_toInput] ARRIVAL AT BARBADOS. 145 ished patent leather. When a sailor in a red flannel shirt approached her closely, coming between the sun and her nobility, she seemed to reflect a blush. Her bandanna, wrapped in many, well-starched folds, was gorgeous her gown, flowered over with bewildering and exuber ant patterns of brilliant coloring, was so resplendent that it was tor ment to observe her, all so gaudy, in the full blaze of a tropical sun light. The eye craved a fragment of black bottle or smoked glass. I was reminded of Lucas and his astonishment over Martine's de scription of the apparel of Sganarelle in Le medecin malgre lui. Un habit jaune et vart ! C'est done le medecin des perroquets. We light-minded Barracoutans, who had scoffed at the pretensions of the Southern Cross to be regarded as a constellation of more than ordinary candle-power, irreverently dubbed the colored lady the Parrot Queen then, waxing more impertinent, called her Aunt Polly. We watched her as two hatless, shoeless, almost half -clothed darky boys rowed her boat in a bee-line for the foot of the Barra couta's companion-ladder. As she came toward the ship the flotilla of small boats divided, even as the waters of the Red Sea rolled back on either hand at the approach of the hosts of Israel, and Aunt Polly passed unchallenged through the midst of the fleet, having as much deference paid her as if she had been the Collector of the Port. We wondered, and did her such reverence as became her quality, made obeisance, and said no more about parrots and smoked glass. Her majesty's barge, bumping against the foot of the ladder, brought up all standing, with a jounce that set Aunt Polly a-shaking like a bowlful of jelly. When she recovered from the shock and settled down, she perpetrated a smile - one vast, substantial smile, then a series of Fezziwiggian smiles, each more gracious, more open, more expan sive, and much more elaborate than any I had ever before basked in. In her hand she held a bunch of wands stripped of their bark each wand was about eighteen inches long and as large round as a lead pencil and all were tied with colored ribbons, which held them firmly together as Roman fasces are bound. The gesture was suggestively 10
[OCR_aligned] ARRIVAL AT BARBADOS. 145 ished patent leather. When a sailor in a red flannel shirt approached her closely, co@ming between the sun and her nobility, she seemed to reflect a blush. Her bandanna, wrapped in many, well-starched folds, was gorgeous her gown, flowered over with bewildering and exuber ant patterns of brilliant coloring, was so resplendent that it was tor ment to observe her, all so gaudy, in the full blaze of a tropical sun light. The eye craved a fragment of black bottle or smoked glass. I was reminded of Lucas and his astonishment over Martine's de scription of the apparel of Sganarelle in Le medecin malgre lui. Un habit jaune et vart ! C'est done le medecin des perroquets. We light-minded Barracoutans, who had scoffed at the pretensions of the Southern Cross to be regarded as a constellation of more than ordinary candle-power, irreverently dubbed the colored lady the Parrot Queen then, waxing more impertinent, called her Aunt Polly. We watched her as two hatless, shoeless, almost half -clothed darky boys rowed her boat in a bee-line for the foot of the Barra couta's companion-ladder. As she came toward the ship the flotilla of small boats divided, even as the waters of the Red Sea rolled back on either hand at the approach of the hosts of Israel, and Aunt Polly passed unchallenged through the midst of the fleet, having as much deference paid her as if she had been the Collector of the Port. We wondered, and did her such reverence as became her quality, made obeisance, and said no more about parrots and smoked glass. Her majesty's barge, bumping against the foot of the ladder, brought up all standing, with a jounce that set Aunt Polly a-shaking like a bowlful of jelly. When she recovered from the shock and settled down, she perpetrated a smile - one vast, substantial smile, then a series of Fezziwiggian smiles, each more gracious, more open, more expan sive, and much more elaborate than any I had ever before basked in. In her hand she held a bunch of wands stripped of their bark each wand was about eighteen inches long and as large round as a lead pencil and all were tied with colored ribbons, which held them firmly together as Roman fasces are bound. The gesture was suggestively 10
[ GS_aligned] ############################## patent leather. When a sailor in a red flannel shirt approached her closely, coining between the sun and her nobility, she seemed to reflect a blush. Her bandanna, wrapped in many, well-starched folds, was gorgeous her gown, flowered over with bewildering and exuber-ant patterns of brilliant coloring, was so resplendent that it was tor-ment to observe her, all so gaudy, in the full blaze of a tropical sun-light. The eye craved a fragment of black bottle or smoked glass. I was reminded of Lucas and his astonishment over Martine's de-scription of the apparel of Sganarelle in Le médecin malgré lui. Un habit jaune et vart ! C'est done le médecin des perroquets. We light-minded Barracoutans, who had scoffed at the pretensions of the Southern Cross to be regarded as a constellation of more than ordinary candle-power, irreverently dubbed the colored lady the Parrot Queen then, waxing more impertinent, called her Aunt Polly. We watched her as two hatless, shoeless, almost half@-clothed darky boys rowed her boat in a bee-line for the foot of the Barra-couta's companion-ladder. As she came toward the ship the flotilla of small boats divided, even as the waters of the Red Sea rolled back on either hand at the approach of the hosts of Israel, and Aunt Polly passed unchallenged through the midst of the fleet, having as much deference paid her as if she had been the Collector of the Port. We wondered, and did her such reverence as became her quality, made obeisance, and said no more about parrots and smoked glass. Her majesty's barge, bumping against the foot of the ladder, brought up all standing, with a jounce that set Aunt Polly a-shaking like a bowlful of jelly. When she recovered from the shock and settled down, she perpetrated a smile@-@one vast, substantial smile, then a series of Fezziwiggian smiles, each more gracious, more open, more expan-sive, and much more elaborate than any I had ever before basked in. In her hand she held a bunch of wands stripped of their bark each wand was about eighteen inches long and as large round as a lead-pencil and all were tied with colored ribbons, which held them firmly together as Roman fasces are bound. The gesture was suggestively ##