[OCR_toInput] 146 DOWN THE ISLANDS. regal, and withal condescending, and yet I hesitated to approach the royal barge to touch the tip of the waving sceptre my republican spirit recoiled from the thought that I might, perhaps, be expected to perform the further ceremony of kissing hands, as I had read Victoria's Ministers are expected to do when receiving their ministerial port folios. I instantly made up my mind to accept no office, garter, or trumpery decoration whatsoever, no matter for what services or under what circumstances soever it might be offered. The purser, seeing my puzzled look, gave a knowing wink, and uttered the word swizzle stick. Aunt Polly, singling me out as worthy of her attention, ad dressed me in a plaintive, beseeching tone. Do buy ! Bes' swizzle-sticks, dear massa ! made 'em my own se'f, au' I know yo' won' 'fuse me. I'm a poo' woman, an' I on'y wan' jist a leetle money to keep me till I die. It won' be long, my love, my dove ! so' I has to go to heaben very soon. It did seem more than likely that, in the event of her earthly ties being severed, she would rise, balloon-like, and flutter away in that direction. On'y one shillin' for a whole bunch. I'd give 'em to dear massa ef I could 'ford it. Here followed much more of the same sort of sugary persuasion that we, in less genial Northern climates, call taffy, and Aunt Polly, passing all belief for volubility, ran on, crying her wares, entreating, scolding at times, at times pathetically appealing to us in our charity to bestow upon her the wherewithal to eke out the few remaining days of her earthly pilgrimage. She was eloquent, earnest, tireless, hope ful, despairing, by turns. She brandished the swizzle-sticks, now to attract our attention, anon to wave off such boatmen as approached too near her person, again to prod those that let their boats bump against her barge. At last, she realized her fondest hopes. A gal lant Barracoutan, opening his heart and his pocket-book, descended to the foot of the ladder and, in consideration of a goodly lump sum then and there to Aunt Polly in hand paid, became the owner of swizzle sticks in number sufficient to swizzle all the swizzles that were to be
[OCR_aligned] 146 DOWN THE ISLANDS. regal, and withal condescending, and yet I hesitated to approach the royal barge to touch the tip of the waving sceptre my republican spirit recoiled from the thought that I might, perhaps, be expected to perform the further ceremony of kissing hands, as I had read Victoria's Ministers are expected to do when receiving their ministerial port folios. I instantly made up my mind to accept no office, garter, or trumpery decoration whatsoever, no matter for what services or under what circumstances soever it might be offered. The purser, seeing my puzzled look, gave a knowing wink, and uttered the word swizzle stick. Aunt Polly, singling me out as worthy of her attention, ad dressed me in a plaintive, beseeching tone. Do buy ! Bes' swizzle-sticks, dear massa ! made 'em my own se'f, au' I know yo' won' 'fuse me. I'm a poo' woman, an' I on'y wan' jist a leetle money to keep me till I die. It won' be long, my love, my dove ! so' I has to go to heaben very soon. It did seem more than likely that, in the event of her earthly ties being severed, she would rise, balloon-like, and flutter away in that direction. On'y one shillin' for a whole bunch. I'd give 'em to dear massa ef I could 'ford it. Here followed much more of the same sort of sugary persuasion that we, in less genial Northern climates, call taffy, and Aunt Polly, passing all belief for volubility, ran on, crying her wares, entreating, scolding at times, at times pathetically appealing to us in our charity to bestow upon her the wherewithal to eke out the few remaining days of her earthly pilgrimage. She was eloquent, earnest, tireless, hope ful, despairing, by turns. She brandished the swizzle-sticks, now to attract our attention, anon to wave off such boatmen as approached too near her person, again to prod those that let their boats bump against her barge. At last, she realized her fondest hopes. A gal lant Barracoutan, opening his heart and his pocket-book, descended to the foot of the ladder and, in consideration of a goodly lump sum then and there to Aunt Polly in hand paid, became the owner of swizzle sticks in number sufficient to swizzle all the swizzles that were to be
[ GS_aligned] ############################ and withal condescending, and yet I hesitated to approach the royal barge to touch the tip of the waving sceptre my republican spirit recoiled from the thought that I might, perhaps, be expected to perform the further ceremony of kissing hands, as I had read Victoria's Ministers are expected to do when receiving their ministerial port-folios. I instantly made up my mind to accept no office, garter, or trumpery decoration whatsoever, no matter for what services or under what circumstances soever it might be offered. The purser, seeing my puzzled look, gave a knowing wink, and uttered the word swizzle-stick. Aunt Polly, singling me out as worthy of her attention, ad-dressed me in a plaintive, beseeching tone. Do buy ! Bes' swizzle-sticks, dear massa ! made 'em my own se'f, an' I know yo' won' 'fuse me. I'm a poo' woman, an' I on'y wan' jist a leetle money to keep me till I die. It won' be long, my love, my dove ! fo' I has to go to heaben very soon. It did seem more than likely that, in the event of her earthly ties being severed, she would rise, balloon-like, and flutter away in that direction. On'y one shillin' for a whole bunch. I'd give 'em to dear massa ef I could 'ford it. Here followed much more of the same sort of sugary persuasion that we, in less genial Northern climates, call taffy, and Aunt Polly, passing all belief for volubility, ran on, crying her wares, entreating, scolding at times, at times pathetically appealing to us in our charity to bestow upon her the wherewithal to eke out the few remaining days of her earthly pilgrimage. She was eloquent, earnest, tireless, hope-ful, despairing, by turns. She brandished the swizzle-sticks, now to attract our attention, anon to wave off such boatmen as approached too near her person, again to prod those that let their boats bump against her barge. At last, she realized her fondest hopes. A gal-lant Barracoutan, opening his heart and his pocket-book, descended to the foot of the ladder and, in consideration of a goodly lump sum then and there to Aunt Polly in hand paid, became the owner of swizzle-sticks in number sufficient to swizzle all the swizzles that were to be