[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER XIII. WALKS IN BRIDGETOWN. A Favored People. - Statistics of Population. - Sugar, Molasses, Rum. - Street Scenes in Bridgetown.- The Ice Establishment. - War News. - New Old Friends.- Bar-badian Sociability. - A Well-ordered Hostelry. It was Abraham Lincoln who quaintly said to one who spoke slight ingly of the mass of his fellow-citizens, deprecating the respect that great man paid to what the speaker called popular clamor, The Lord must love the common people, he made so many of them. By this same token the Barbadians are a highly favored nation, there is such a multitude of them in fact, when the limited area of their snug island is taken into consideration, their number is phe nomenal. How so many human beings can find room to live and have their being, to say nothing of moving about, on so small a subdi vision of this wide world, is a problem that cannot fail to awaken the astonishment of even the most confirmed and hardened statistician. It is as surprising as it is undoubtedly true, that Barbados is the most densely populated region on the earth. This island, with an area of 106,000 acres, contains a population of over 175,000 souls that is to say, an average of no less than one thousand and fifty-four persons to each of its one hundred and sixty-six square miles of terri tory. The Chinese province of Kiang-su, which I at one time igno rantly imagined to be the most uncomfortably crowded district under the sun, contains but eight hundred and fifty moon-eyed Celestials to the square mile, while East Flanders, in Belgium, the most thickly populated province in Europe, can boast of only seven hundred and
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER XIII. WALKS IN BRIDGETOWN. A Favored People. - Statistics of Population. - Sugar, Molasses, Rum. - Street Scenes in Bridgetown.- The Ice Establishment. - War News. - New Old Friends.- Bar-badian Sociability. - A Well-ordered Hostelry. It was Abraham Lincoln who quaintly said to one who spoke slight ingly of the mass of his fellow-citizens, deprecating the respect that great man paid to what the speaker called popular clamor, The Lord must love the common people, he made so many of them. By this same token the Barbadians are a highly favored nation, there is such a multitude of them in fact, when the limited area of their snug island is taken into consideration, their number is phe nomenal. How so many human beings can find room to live and have their being, to say nothing of moving about, on so small a subdi vision of this wide world, is a problem that cannot fail to awaken the astonishment of even the most confirmed and hardened statistician. It is as surprising as it is undoubtedly true, that Barbados is the most densely populated region on the earth. This island, with an area of 106,000 acres, contains a population of over 175,000 souls that is to say, an average of no less than one thousand and fifty-four persons to each of its one hundred and sixty-six square miles of terri tory. The Chinese province of Kiang-su, which I at one time igno rantly imagined to be the most uncomfortably crowded district under the sun, contains but eight hundred and fifty moon-eyed Celestials to the square mile, while East Flanders, in Belgium, the most thickly populated province in Europe, can boast of only seven hundred and
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER XIII. WALKS IN BRIDGETOWN. A Favored People.@-@Statistics of Population.@-@Sugar, Molasses, Rum.@-@Street Scenes in Bridgetown.-@The Ice Establishment.@-@War News.@-@New Old Friends.-@Bar-badian Sociability.@-@A Well-ordered Hostelry. IT was Abraham Lincoln who quaintly said to one who spoke slight-ingly of the mass of his fellow-citizens, deprecating the respect that great man paid to what the speaker called popular clamor, The Lord must love the common people, he made so many of them. By this same token the Barbadians are a highly favored nation, there is such a multitude of them in fact, when the limited area of their snug island is taken into consideration, their number is phe-nomenal. How so many human beings can find room to live and have their being, to say nothing of moving about, on so small a subdi-vision of this wide world, is a problem that cannot fail to awaken the astonishment of even the most confirmed and hardened statistician. It is as surprising as it is undoubtedly true, that Barbados is the most densely populated region on the earth. This island, with an area of 106,000 acres, contains a population of over 175,000 souls that is to say, an average of no less than one thousand and fifty-four persons to each of its one hundred and sixty-six square miles of terri-tory. The Chinese province of Kiang-su, which I at one time igno-rantly imagined to be the most uncomfortably crowded district under the sun, contains but eight hundred and fifty moon-eyed Celestials to the square mile, while East Flanders, in Belgium, the most thickly populated province in Europe, can boast of only seven hundred and