[OCR_toInput] WALKS IN BRIDGETOWN. 149 five inhabitants to the square mile. Coming nearer home, West chester County, New York, with a territory three times as large, sup ports only four-sevenths as many people as are packed upon this thronged, man-ridden Caribbee and, finally, if the Empire State were as thickly settled as is Barbados, the Governor of that common wealth would be called upon to administer the affairs of no less than sixty millions of New Yorkers. Notwithstanding Barbados is so closely packed that her citizens would seem to be justified, if they saw fit to do so, in hanging up, upon the face of cliffs confronting the sea and at all eligible landing-places, notices to the effect that there was standing-room only on their island, each successive census shows an increase in the sum total, as is proven by the following figures taken from government reports. In 1861 the number of Barbadians was 152,727 in 1871, 162,042 in 1881, 171,860. Assuming that the average rate of increase noted for the twenty years above given has been maintained during the past five years, there are to-day no less than 175,000 persons, black and white, upon the island. Of this number less than nine per cent. 15,600 are Creoles of European descent, while the remaining 90 per cent, say, 159,000 are of pure African or mixed blood. It is a significant fact that dur ing the decade 1S71 to 1881, when the white population decreased more than three per cent. 506 , the black and colored races in creased more than eight per. cent. 11,324 . I leave it to statisti cians who delight in elaborate calcinations, to foretell the precise year when, if the ratio of loss and gain in the census of the two races re mains unchanged, the genus Man, species Caucasian, will finally dis appear from Barbados. Is it foreordained that the descendants of the race once held in bondage shall, in the fulness of time, occupy the land of their taskmasters ? O year of Jubilee ! What wonder that the better class of negroes of Barbados, being compelled by circumstances to lead an active and industrious life, dili gently care for themselves, provide for their hungry little ones, and so, gaining in self-respect, are proud to put on the appearance of prosper-
[OCR_aligned] WALKS IN BRIDGETOWN. 149 five inhabitants to the square mile. Coming nearer home, West chester County, New York, with a territory three times as large, sup ports only four-sevenths as many people as are packed upon this thronged, man-ridden Caribbee and, finally, if the Empire State were as thickly settled as is Barbados, the Governor of that common wealth would be called upon to administer the affairs of no less than sixty millions of New Yorkers. Notwithstanding Barbados is so closely packed that her citizens would seem to be justified, if they saw fit to do so, in hanging up, upon the face of cliffs confronting the sea and at all eligible landing-places, notices to the effect that there was standing-room only on their island, each successive census shows an increase in the sum total, as is proven by the following figures taken from government reports. In 1861 the number of Barbadians was 152,727 in 1871, 162,042 in 1881, 171,860. Assuming that the average rate of increase noted for the twenty years above given has been maintained during the past five years, there are to-day no less than 175,000 persons, black and white, upon the island. Of this number less than nine per cent. 15,600 are Creoles of European descent, while the remaining 90 per cent, say, 159,000 are of pure African or mixed blood. It is a significant fact that dur ing the decade 1S71 to 1881, when the white population decreased more than three per cent. 506 , the black and colored races in creased more than eight per. cent. 11,324 . I leave it to statisti cians who delight in elaborate calcinations, to foretell the precise year when, if the ratio of loss and gain in the census of the two races re mains unchanged, the genus Man, species Caucasian, will finally dis appear from Barbados. Is it foreordained that the descendants of the race once held in bondage shall, in the fulness of time, occupy the land of their taskmasters ? O year of Jubilee ! What wonder that the better class of negroes of Barbados, being compelled by circumstances to lead an active and industrious life, dili gently care for themselves, provide for their hungry little ones, and so, gaining in self-respect, are proud to put on the appearance of prosper-
[ GS_aligned] ############################# inhabitants to the square mile. Coming nearer home, West-chester County, New York, with a territory three times as large, sup-ports only four-sevenths as many people as are packed upon this thronged, man-ridden Caribbee and, finally, if the Empire State were as thickly settled as is Barbados, the Governor of that common-wealth would be called upon to administer the affairs of no less than sixty millions of New Yorkers. Notwithstanding Barbados is so closely packed that her citizens would seem to be justified, if they saw fit to do so, in hanging up, upon the face of cliffs confronting the sea and at all eligible landing-places, notices to the effect that there was standing-room only on their island, each successive census shows an increase in the sum total, as is proven by the following figures taken from government reports. In 1861 the number of Barbadians was 152,727 in 1871, 162,042 in 1881, 171,860. Assuming that the average rate of increase noted for the twenty years above given has been maintained during the past five years, there are to-day no less than 175,000 persons, black and white, upon the island. Of this number less than nine per cent. 15,600 are creoles of European descent, while the remaining 90 per cent. say, 159,000 are of pure African or mixed blood. It is a significant fact that dur-ing the decade 1871 to 1881, when the white population decreased more than three per cent. 506 , the black and colored races in-creased more than eight per. cent. 11,324 . I leave it to statisti-cians who delight in elaborate calculations, to foretell the precise year when, if the ratio of loss and gain in the census of the two races re-mains unchanged, the genus Man, species Caucasian, will finally dis-appear from Barbados. Is it foreordained that the descendants of the race once held in bondage shall, in the fulness of time, occupy the land of their taskmasters ? O year of Jubilee ! What wonder that the better class of negroes of Barbados, being compelled by circumstances to lead an active and industrious life, dili-gently care for themselves, provide for their hungry little ones, and so, gaining in self-respect, are proud to put on the appearance of prosper-