[OCR_toInput] WALKS IN BRIDGETOWN. 151 the object of attack, her planters meanwhile profiting roundly bv the misfortunes which overtook the Antiguans and Kittefonians, for the destruction of the estates of the latter greatly enhanced the value of the Barbadians' sugar. Barbados, moreover, suffered least from the effects of the emancipation of the negroes in 1834, and the conse quent disturbance of the labor market. She soonest recovered from what little temporary disarrangement of her mode of carrying on her industries she may have experienced at the time, and, of all the West Indies, most readily conformed to the new regime, beginning at once to adjust herself to the changed social condition of her lately freed host of laborers. Until within the past few years this colony has flourished greatly her people have enjoyed the fullest measure of prosperity and worldly happiness. Now ? Now it is different. The price of sugar has fallen. To say that the sky has fallen, that the eternal bottom has dropped out, would convey but a slight idea of what the decline in the price of sugar signifies to the Barbadians. Tell a Newcastle man that his coal mines are exhausted, a Mississippi planter that cotton is no longer king, and one will get some notion of how a Bim receives the an nouncement that henceforth beetroot is to sweeten the tea and coffee of grown folks, and ruin the teeth of the little ones, in all parts of the world. To a Barbadian, sugar is everything without it he is nothing, nobody. He knows not either to plant, cultivate, or harvest any other crop. Indigo ? Cotton ? He gave up bothering with both, gen erations ago. Tobacco ? He long since weeded out the rank weed, so exhausting to the soil - even to the soil of his fertile island. Rice 'i Maize ? Go to ! Your Barbadian is a planter, not a farmer he owns an estate, and does not work on a farm. Plant corn, forsooth ! As well plant beetroot, and be done with it. And yet, beetroot contains from two to four per cent, more saccharine matter than sugar-cane, and of late years its cultivation has been encouraged and stimulated in certain European countries Germany and France, in particular by the payment of government bounties to all farmers who may plant it.
[OCR_aligned] WALKS IN BRIDGETOWN. 151 the object of attack, her planters meanwhile profiting roundly bv the misfortunes which overtook the Antiguans and Kittefonians, for the destruction of the estates of the latter greatly enhanced the value of the Barbadians' sugar. Barbados, moreover, suffered least from the effects of the emancipation of the negroes in 1834, and the conse quent disturbance of the labor market. She soonest recovered from what little temporary disarrangement of her mode of carrying on her industries she may have experienced at the time, and, of all the West Indies, most readily conformed to the new regime, beginning at once to adjust herself to the changed social condition of her lately freed host of laborers. Until within the past few years this colony has flourished greatly her people have enjoyed the fullest measure of prosperity and worldly happiness. Now ? Now it is different. The price of sugar has fallen. To say that the sky has fallen, that the eternal bottom has dropped out, would convey but a slight idea of what the decline in the price of sugar signifies to the Barbadians. Tell a Newcastle man that his coal mines are exhausted, a Mississippi planter that cotton is no longer king, and one will get some notion of how a Bim receives the an nouncement that henceforth beetroot is to sweeten the tea and coffee of grown folks, and ruin the teeth of the little ones, in all parts of the world. To a Barbadian, sugar is everything without it he is nothing, nobody. He knows not either to plant, cultivate, or harvest any other crop. Indigo ? Cotton ? He gave up bothering with both, gen erations ago. Tobacco ? He long since weeded out the rank weed, so exhausting to the soil - even to the soil of his fertile island. Rice 'i Maize ? Go to ! Your Barbadian is a planter, not a farmer he owns an estate, and does not work on a farm. Plant corn, forsooth ! As well plant beetroot, and be done with it. And yet, beetroot contains from two to four per cent, more saccharine matter than sugar-cane, and of late years its cultivation has been encouraged and stimulated in certain European countries Germany and France, in particular by the payment of government bounties to all farmers who may plant it.
[ GS_aligned] ############################ object of attack, her planters meanwhile profiting roundly by the misfortunes which overtook the Antiguans and Kittefonians, for the destruction of the estates of the latter greatly enhanced the value of the Barbadians' sugar. Barbados, moreover, suffered least from the effects of the emancipation of the negroes in 1834, and the conse-quent disturbance of the labor market. She soonest recovered from what little temporary disarrangement of her mode of carrying on her industries she may have experienced at the time, and, of all the West Indies, most readily conformed to the new régime, beginning at once to adjust herself to the changed social condition of her lately freed host of laborers. Until within the past few years this colony has flourished greatly her people have enjoyed the fullest measure of prosperity and worldly happiness. Now ? Now it is different. The price of sugar has fallen. To say that the sky has fallen, that the eternal bottom has dropped out, would convey but a slight idea of what the decline in the price of sugar signifies to the Barbadians. Tell a Newcastle man that his coal mines are exhausted, a Mississippi planter that cotton is no longer king, and one will get some notion of how a Bim receives the an-nouncement that henceforth beetroot is to sweeten the tea and coffee of grown folks, and ruin the teeth of the little ones, in all parts of the world. To a Barbadian, sugar is everything without it he is nothing, nobody. He knows not either to plant, cultivate, or harvest any other crop. Indigo ? Cotton ? He gave up bothering with both, gen-erations ago. Tobacco ? He long since weeded out the rank weed, so exhausting to the soil@-@even to the soil of his fertile island. Rice @? Maize ? Go to ! Your Barbadian is a planter, not a farmer he owns an estate, and does not work on a farm. Plant corn, forsooth ! As well plant beetroot, and be done with it. And yet, beetroot contains from two to four per cent. more saccharine matter than sugar-cane, and of late years its cultivation has been encouraged and stimulated in certain European countries Germany and France, in particular by the payment of government bounties to all farmers who may plant it.