[OCR_toInput] WALES IN BRIDGETOWN. 153 land to help them in their competition with all Europe - sugar-cane versus beetroot ! They appeal to Gladstone and Salisbury in turn but these gentlemen, immersed in a sea of affairs - Continental and international affairs, Indian and Irish questions, Eastern problems -have no time to listen to the moans of the planters, echoing faintly from afar across the Atlantic. It is said the white people are gradually withdrawing from the island, and the statistics I have given lend color to this statement. It is true that some of the planters have already given up their estates, and returned to England to live upon whatever they may have laid up for a rainy day. Numbers of the younger men have emigrated to other countries, to try to make their way in the world some have come to the United States, and, my word for it, our country receives no braver, more resolute, or success-compelling recruits than these fair spoken, quick-witted Bims. But enough of statistics ! I have done for the present with blue books, government reports, and such dry-as-dust material I will get on with my description of Bridgetown, where, as I have said, I landed in the presence of a great cloud, a black crowd, of witnesses, an in numerable company of Barbadians of African descent, wdio volun teered, en masse, to render any service under the sun that might be worth a tip I had only to name what I desired, and the whole popu lace then in sight were ready to do my bidding. A dozen or more darkies offered to conduct me to different hotels, of which there are several in Bridgetown. A score of grinning blacks desired me to fol low them to the station of the Barbados Railway Company, for Bim shire boasts the only railway in the Caribbee Islands - a railway im ported from England. Not an American r ilroad, with locomotives, cars, baggage-cars, and conductors, but an English railway, mark you, with engines, carriages, luggage-vans, and guards. On this railway, goods-trains are shunted at the stations there are no freight-trains to switch at depots. Its engines squeal and screech, are painted green, are without bells or cow-catchers, and would look perfectly natural
[OCR_aligned] WALES IN BRIDGETOWN. 153 land to help them in their competition with all Europe - sugar-cane versus beetroot ! They appeal to Gladstone and Salisbury in turn but these gentlemen, immersed in a sea of affairs - Continental and international affairs, Indian and Irish questions, Eastern problems -have no time to listen to the moans of the planters, echoing faintly from afar across the Atlantic. It is said the white people are gradually withdrawing from the island, and the statistics I have given lend color to this statement. It is true that some of the planters have already given up their estates, and returned to England to live upon whatever they may have laid up for a rainy day. Numbers of the younger men have emigrated to other countries, to try to make their way in the world some have come to the United States, and, my word for it, our country receives no braver, more resolute, or success-compelling recruits than these fair spoken, quick-witted Bims. But enough of statistics ! I have done for the present with blue books, government reports, and such dry-as-dust material I will get on with my description of Bridgetown, where, as I have said, I landed in the presence of a great cloud, a black crowd, of witnesses, an in numerable company of Barbadians of African descent, wdio volun teered, en masse, to render any service under the sun that might be worth a tip I had only to name what I desired, and the whole popu lace then in sight were ready to do my bidding. A dozen or more darkies offered to conduct me to different hotels, of which there are several in Bridgetown. A score of grinning blacks desired me to fol low them to the station of the Barbados Railway Company, for Bim shire boasts the only railway in the Caribbee Islands - a railway im ported from England. Not an American r ilroad, with locomotives, cars, baggage-cars, and conductors, but an English railway, mark you, with engines, carriages, luggage-vans, and guards. On this railway, goods-trains are shunted at the stations there are no freight-trains to switch at depots. Its engines squeal and screech, are painted green, are without bells or cow-catchers, and would look perfectly natural
[ GS_aligned] ############################# to help them in their competition with all Europe@-@sugar-cane versus beetroot ! They appeal to Gladstone and Salisbury in turn but these gentlemen, immersed in a sea of affairs@-@Continental and international affairs, Indian and Irish questions, Eastern problems@-have no time to listen to the moans of the planters, echoing faintly from afar across the Atlantic. It is said the white people are gradually withdrawing from the island, and the statistics I have given lend color to this statement. It is true that some of the planters have already given up their estates, and returned to England to live upon whatever they may have laid up for a rainy day. Numbers of the younger men have emigrated to other countries, to try to make their way in the world some have come to the United States, and, my word for it, our country receives no braver, more resolute, or success-compelling recruits than these fair-spoken, quick-witted Bims. But enough of statistics ! I have done for the present with blue-books, government reports, and such dry-as-dust material I will get on with my description of Bridgetown, where, as I have said, I landed in the presence of a great cloud, a black crowd, of witnesses, an in-numerable company of Barbadians of African descent, w@ho volun-teered, en masse, to render any service under the sun that might be worth a tip I had only to name what I desired, and the whole popu-lace then in sight were ready to do my bidding. A dozen or more darkies offered to conduct me to different hotels, of which there are several in Bridgetown. A score of grinning blacks desired me to fol-low them to the station of the Barbados Bailway Company, for Bim-shire boasts the only railway in the Caribbee Islands@-@a railway im-ported from England. Not an American railroad, with locomotives, cars, baggage-cars, and conductors, but an English railway, mark you, with engines, carriages, luggage-vans, and guards. On this railway, goods-trains are shunted at the stations there are no freight-trains to switch at depots. Its engines squeal and screech, are painted green, are without bells or cow-catchers, and would look perfectly natural