[OCR_toInput] 164 DOWN THE ISLANDS. my log, for meet it was that I should set it down. From my note book, therefore, I am able to copy the following extract verbatim, adding nothing and keeping nothing back. I say, old man, that pepper-pot isn't half bad. I went in for such a lot of it - regular blow-out, by Jove ! Awfully decent chaps. One of 'em told me how to make one. Get a lot of peppers, cayenne, bird's-eye peppers, long, round, all kinds, green, red, yellow, such a jolly lot of 'em. Cut 'em all up. Makes my eyes water to think of it d'ye know! - I say, did you go in for it? A pause, and inaudible remark by the old man. Then you put this mess in a stone pot. Then, by Jove ! fellow didn't say - I forgot to ask if you cooked it - ask him on return trip - then you put in vinegar and catsup and spices, all that sort of thing - dash of bitters. No that's swizzle. By Jove ! I say, did you go in for swizzle ? A very long pause audible snore by the old man. Then you take any blessed thing left over from dinner or breakfast, chop, leg of fowl, sausage, bacon forget whether he said fish - anything left of something too good to throw away or give to beggars, don't you know. Tomatoes, pickles, all that lot. Only fancy ! Any time you feel peckish - there you are. It's always going on, is pepper-pot you never wash the blooming thing out keeps for years. Decent old chappy that. Said it was good for dyspepsia and that sort o' thing only trouble is, you eat such a lot of it. To this formula I must needs add that casareep is a necessary and all-important ingredient of a right pepper-pot. Altogether, and under the peculiarly hospitable circumstances of his acquiring the knowledge how to concoct this West Indian olla podrida, my ship mate was not far out of the way. From his sketch of it, it will be seen that pepper-pot is a perennial free lunch, a perpetual zakooshka, a la Russe, a never-failing meal between meals for, as my fellow-traveller said, it goes on forever, like the brook in the song, or a Chinese drama, and I can testify it is palatable. Moreover, if you are lined like a salamander you can eat such a lot of it, notwithstanding its
[OCR_aligned] 164 DOWN THE ISLANDS. my log, for meet it was that I should set it down. From my note book, therefore, I am able to copy the following extract verbatim, adding nothing and keeping nothing back. I say, old man, that pepper-pot isn't half bad. I went in for such a lot of it - regular blow-out, by Jove ! Awfully decent chaps. One of 'em told me how to make one. Get a lot of peppers, cayenne, bird's-eye peppers, long, round, all kinds, green, red, yellow, such a jolly lot of 'em. Cut 'em all up. Makes my eyes water to think of it d'ye know! - I say, did you go in for it@? A pause, and inaudible remark by the old man. Then you put this mess in a stone pot. Then, by Jove ! fellow didn't say - I forgot to ask if you cooked it - ask him on return trip - then you put in vinegar and catsup and spices, all that sort of thing - dash of bitters. No that's swizzle. By Jove ! I say, did you go in for swizzle ? A very long pause audible snore by the old man. Then you take any blessed thing left over from dinner or breakfast, chop, leg of fowl, sausage, bacon forget whether he said fish - anything left of something too good to throw away or give to beggars, don't you know. Tomatoes, pickles, all that lot. Only fancy ! Any time you feel peckish - there you are. It's always going on, is pepper-pot you never wash the blooming thing out keeps for years. Decent old chappy that. Said it was good for dyspepsia and that sort o' thing only trouble is, you eat such a lot of it. To this formula I must needs add that casareep is a necessary and all-important ingredient of a right pepper-pot. Altogether, and under the peculiarly hospitable circumstances of his acquiring the knowledge how to concoct this West Indian olla podrida, my ship mate was not far out of the way. From his sketch of it, it will be seen that pepper-pot is a perennial free lunch, a perpetual zakooshka, a la Russe, a never-failing meal between meals for, as my fellow-traveller said, it goes on forever, like the brook in the song, or a Chinese drama, and I can testify it is palatable. Moreover, if you are lined like a salamander you can eat such a lot of it, notwithstanding its
[ GS_aligned] ######################## log, for meet it was that I should set it down. From my note-book, therefore, I am able to copy the following extract verbatim, adding nothing and keeping nothing back. I say, old man, that pepper-pot isn't half bad. I went in for such a lot of it@-@regular blow-out, by Jove ! Awfully decent chaps. One of 'em told me how to make one. Get a lot of peppers, cayenne, bird's-eye peppers, long, round, all kinds, green, red, yellow, such a jolly lot of 'em. Cut 'em all up. Makes my eyes water to think of it d'ye know@ !-I say, did you go in for it ? A pause, and inaudible remark by the old man. Then you put this mess in a stone pot. Then, by Jove ! fellow didn't say@-@I forgot to ask if you cooked it -@ask him on return trip@-@then you put in vinegar and catsup and spices, all that sort of thing@-@dash of bitters. No that's swizzle. By Jove ! I say, did you go in for swizzle ? A very long pause audible snore by the old man. Then you take any blessed thing left over from dinner or breakfast, chop, leg of fowl, sausage, bacon forget whether he said fish -@anything left of something too good to throw away or give to beggars, don't you know. Tomatoes, pickles, all that lot. Only fancy ! Any time you feel peckish@-@there you are. It's always going on, is pepper-pot you never wash the blooming thing out keeps for years. Decent old chappy that. Said it was good for dyspepsia and that sort o' thing only trouble is, you eat such a lot of it. To this formula I must needs add that casareep is a necessary and all-important ingredient of a right pepper-pot. Altogether, and under the peculiarly hospitable circumstances of his acquiring the knowledge how to concoct this West Indian olla podrida, my ship-mate was not far out of the way. From his sketch of it, it will be seen that pepper-pot is a perennial free lunch, a perpetual zakooshka, à la Russe, a never-failing meal between meals for, as my fellow-traveller said, it goes on forever, like the brook in the song, or a Chinese drama, and I can testify it is palatable. Moreover, if you are lined like a salamander you can eat such a lot of it, notwithstanding its