[OCR_toInput] 172 DOWN THE ISLANDS. centre of the town, beyond the miasmatic influences of the oozy river. We landed from a small boat at a dock near an extensive, well-con structed, iron market-building, lately erected by an American firm which, I was informed, had underbid a number of English iron workers in a competition for the contract. Thinks I to myself, If iron market-houses, why not iron ships ? and was gratified, as was the Doctor, for so he confessed to me, to know that we Americans could compete in some things with the so-called pauper labor of Europe - in the manufacture of markets, for instance but I must confess our inmost souls were not strangely thrilled by a feeling of patriotic pride over the discovery. Had we seen the star-spangled banner fluttering in this foreign port from the flag-staff of the American iron-clad market-house we could, neverthe less, complacently and without undue exultation, have entered the commodious, light, and airy building well stocked with fruits and all manner of comestibles and there, under the American flag, have driven bargains as, in fact, we did with coal-black British subjects for oranges, limes, pines, and mangoes, as many as we could get for a Queen's shilling. Had we, the Doctor and I, however, at any time, in any harbor, during our voyage down the islands, beheld a goodly, staunch, and sea-worthy ship hoist the American flag in the place of honor at the main peak or taffrail flag-staff, thus proudly proclaimino- her native, or even her naturalized, American register - had we, I say, beheld so gratifying a spectacle, one so soothing to our pride as sea going Americans, we certainly should have been tempted to treat one another to swizzle, concocted, as the Doctor prescribes it, with the spts. red. juniperis lace, left out. So we hope to be tempted some day, when our countrymen insist on the repeal of the musty, absurd, aggravating, shipping laws of 1798- statutes that have driven more American ships from the high seas than a fleet of Alabamas could, without let or hinderance, destroy in a decade.
[OCR_aligned] 172 DOWN THE ISLANDS. centre of the town, beyond the miasmatic influences of the oozy river. We landed from a small boat at a dock near an extensive, well-con structed, iron market-building, lately erected by an American firm which, I was informed, had underbid a number of English iron workers in a competition for the contract. Thinks I to myself, If iron market-houses, why not iron ships ? and was gratified, as was the Doctor, for so he confessed to me, to know that we Americans could compete in some things with the so-called pauper labor of Europe - in the manufacture of markets, for instance but I must confess our inmost souls were not strangely thrilled by a feeling of patriotic pride over the discovery. Had we seen the star-spangled banner fluttering in this foreign port from the flag-staff of the American iron-clad market-house we could, neverthe less, complacently and without undue exultation, have entered the commodious, light, and airy building well stocked with fruits and all manner of comestibles and there, under the American flag, have driven bargains as, in fact, we did with coal-black British subjects for oranges, limes, pines, and mangoes, as many as we could get for a Queen's shilling. Had we, the Doctor and I, however, at any time, in any harbor, during our voyage down the islands, beheld a goodly, staunch, and sea-worthy ship hoist the American flag in the place of honor at the main peak or taffrail flag-staff, thus proudly proclaimino- her native, or even her naturalized, American register - had we, I say, beheld so gratifying a spectacle, one so soothing to our pride as sea going Americans, we certainly should have been tempted to treat one another to swizzle, concocted, as the Doctor prescribes it, with the spts. re@d. juniperis lace, left out. So we hope to be tempted some day, when our countrymen insist on the repeal of the musty, absurd, aggravating, shipping laws of 1798- statutes that have driven more American ships from the high seas than a fleet of Alabamas could, without let or hinderance, destroy in a decade.
[ GS_aligned] ############################ of the town, beyond the miasmatic influences of the oozy river. We landed from a small boat at a dock near an extensive, well-con-structed, iron market-building, lately erected by an American firm which, I was informed, had underbid a number of English iron-workers in a competition for the contract. Thinks I to myself, If iron market-houses, why not iron ships ? and was gratified, as was the Doctor, for so he confessed to me, to know that we Americans could compete in some things with the so-called pauper labor of Europe@-@in the manufacture of markets, for instance but I must confess our inmost souls were not strangely thrilled by a feeling of patriotic pride over the discovery. Had we seen the star-spangled banner fluttering in this foreign port from the flag-staff of the American iron-clad market-house we could, neverthe-less, complacently and without undue exultation, have entered the commodious, light, and airy building well stocked with fruits and all manner of comestibles and there, under the American flag, have driven bargains as, in fact, we did with coal-black British subjects for oranges, limes, pines, and mangoes, as many as we could get for a Queen's shilling. Had we, the Doctor and I, however, at any time, in any harbor, during our voyage down the islands, beheld a goodly, staunch, and sea-worthy ship hoist the American flag in the place of honor at the main peak or taffrail flag-staff, thus proudly proclaimin@g her native, or even her naturalized, American register@-@had we, I say, beheld so gratifying a spectacle, one so soothing to our pride as sea-going Americans, we certainly should have been tempted to treat one another to swizzle, concocted, as the Doctor prescribes it, with the spts. rect. juniperis bacc. left out. So we hope to be tempted some day, when our countrymen insist on the repeal of the musty, absurd, aggravating, shipping laws of 1798-@statutes that have driven more American ships from the high seas than a fleet of Alabamas could, without let or hinderance, destroy in a decade.