[OCR_toInput] 175 DEMERARA. demand for it in the markets of the world, and again the cry went up, Cheaper labor, more coolies. This clamor for lower-priced muscle and brawn is but another version of the old, old story that may be summarized as follows Bad times, financial panics, high rates of interest, foreclosures, failures. The remedy Cheaper labor, more coolies. In other words, mutatis mutandis - more greenbacks, un limited shinplasters, trade-dollars. Inflation in another form - brandy for the drunkard. The Doctor and I speedily arrived at the Tower Hotel, being pre ceded from the landing-stage by two darkies who bore our portman teaus on the tops of their woolly heads. The sanitary condition of the Tower was satisfactory to my companion. The welcome of mine host, the hospitable aspect of the dining- and smoking-rooms were agreeable to me - both of us were attracted by the comfortable ap pearance of the bed-chambers, and more especially by the promise of unlimited fresh water, to be had in spray or shower at any time, night or day, in well-ordered bath-rooms, situated on every floor of the hotel. We registered our names, became landsmen again, board ers, not passengers - landlubbers, if yon will - after our sea-life of nearly two weeks, and in a short time all our fellow-passengers joined us, and lodged at the hotel. All the year round, at Georgetown, the thermometer averages over 90° F., as might be expected at a city built within six degrees of the equator but not even in the height of summer is the weather as un comfortable as the climate of New York during the heated terms of July and August. I have this statement from our captain, and he is unimpeachable authority on any of the multitudinous subjects whereof he has reason or desire to be informed. The information he cannot give concerning the climate along the regular route of the Barracouta is not to be gained by poring over almanacs. He visits Demerara, on an average, ten times a year. During the summer months he wears a straw hat when he takes his walks ashore at either end of his ocean lane his thermometer abides steadily in the nineties, all the way up
[OCR_aligned] 175 DEMERARA. demand for it in the markets of the world, and again the cry went up, Cheaper labor, more coolies. This clamor for lower-priced muscle and brawn is but another version of the old, old story that may be summarized as follows Bad times, financial panics, high rates of interest, foreclosures, failures. The remedy Cheaper labor, more coolies. In other words, mutatis mutandis - more greenbacks, un limited shinplasters, trade-dollars. Inflation in another form - brandy for the drunkard. The Doctor and I speedily arrived at the Tower Hotel, being pre ceded from the landing-stage by two darkies who bore our portman teaus on the tops of their woolly heads. The sanitary condition of the Tower was satisfactory to my companion. The welcome of mine host, the hospitable aspect of the dining- and smoking-rooms were agreeable to me - both of us were attracted by the comfortable ap pearance of the bed-chambers, and more especially by the promise of unlimited fresh water, to be had in spray or shower at any time, night or day, in well-ordered bath-rooms, situated on every floor of the hotel. We registered our names, became landsmen again, board ers, not passengers - landlubbers, if yon will - after our sea-life of nearly two weeks, and in a short time all our fellow-passengers joined us, and lodged at the hotel. All the year round, at Georgetown, the thermometer averages over 90° F., as might be expected at a city built within six degrees of the equator but not even in the height of summer is the weather as un comfortable as the climate of New York during the heated terms of July and August. I have this statement from our captain, and he is unimpeachable authority on any of the multitudinous subjects whereof he has reason or desire to be informed. The information he cannot give concerning the climate along the regular route of the Barracouta is not to be gained by poring over almanacs. He visits Demerara, on an average, ten times a year. During the summer months he wears a straw hat when he takes his walks ashore at either end of his ocean lane his thermometer abides steadily in the nineties, all the way up
[ GS_aligned] #################### for it in the markets of the world, and again the cry went up, Cheaper labor, more coolies. This clamor for lower-priced muscle and brawn is but another version of the old, old story that may be summarized as follows Bad times, financial panics, high rates of interest, foreclosures, failures. The remedy Cheaper labor, more coolies. In other words, mutatis mutandis@-@more greenbacks, un-limited shinplasters, trade-dollars. Inflation in another form@-@brandy for the drunkard. The Doctor and I speedily arrived at the Tower Hotel, being pre-ceded from the landing-stage by two darkies who bore our portman-teaus on the tops of their woolly heads. The sanitary condition of the Tower was satisfactory to my companion. The welcome of mine host, the hospitable aspect of the dining-@and smoking-rooms were agreeable to me@-@both of us were attracted by the comfortable ap-pearance of the bed-chambers, and more especially by the promise of unlimited fresh water, to be had in spray or shower at any time, night or day, in well-ordered bath-rooms, situated on every floor of the hotel. We registered our names, became landsmen again, board-ers, not passengers@-@landlubbers, if you will@-@after our sea-life of nearly two weeks, and in a short time all our fellow-passengers joined us, and lodged at the hotel. All the year round, at Georgetown, the therommeter averages over 90° F., as might be expected at a city built within six degrees of the equator but not even in the height of summer is the weather as un-comfortable as the climate of New York during the heated terms of July and August. I have this statement from our captain, and he is unimpeachable authority on any of the multitudinous subjects whereof he has reason or desire to be informed. The information he cannot give concerning the climate along the regular route of the Barracouta is not to be gained by poring over almanacs. He visits Demerara, on an average, ten times a year. During the summer months he wears a straw hat when he takes his walks ashore at either end of his ocean lane his thermometer abides steadily in the nineties, all the way up