[OCR_toInput] DEMERARA. 177 to saunter about the town and see the sights. I have only space to extract from my note-book the accounts of such of my adventures as I think may be of most interest to my readers, and, first of all, I ask their attention to a sketch of a typical woman of an ancient race see Frontispiece . Strolling along the shady side of a wide and busy street, I overtook a young girl. I should have passed her, had I not slack ened my gait when I came within a few steps of her and, walking softly, measuring my paces by hers, followed behind the unknown wayfarer - respectfully and at a proper distance - to study and admire her costume, which was so neatly fitted to her slight and charming figure, so tastefully disposed, draped in such dainty7 folds and graceful gatherings, that the wearer of it made a most attractive picture. Her little feet were bare nevertheless she trod firmly, stepping lightly, with graceful poise, walking as only those women can walk who, all their lives innocent of high-heeled boots, learned to balance bric-d-lrac on their heads when they were little, doll-cuddling girls. From time to time the maiden stopped to gaze into the shop-windows, viewing with eager, sparkling eyes the wonders, so attractive to her, displayed by drapers and dealers in fashionable stuffs. Wheu she halted thus to feast her soul I passed ahead of her then halting, waited till she, in turn, passed me again. In this way I was enabled to inspect, with approving criticism, the object of my admiration from tip to toe, and from every point of view. In time I made a mental catalogue of the bewildering items of her apparel and orna ments, taking memoranda that would enable an ingenious artist to paint from my description a full-length picture of her. Need I say I felt exceedingly diffident while following the young lady about the streets, and hesitated long before I ventured to open my note-book for the purpose of jotting down details of her word picture I feared I might else forget. She caught me looking at her, and smiled quizzically, as if she found me grotesque or outlandish in appearance. Nevertheless 6he smiled, and I, taking heart of grace, whipped out my log and jotted down Teeth, regular, white -and 12
[OCR_aligned] DEMERARA. 177 to saunter about the town and see the sights. I have only space to extract from my note-book the accounts of such of my adventures as I think may be of most interest to my readers, and, first of all, I ask their attention to a sketch of a typical woman of an ancient race see Frontispiece . Strolling along the shady side of a wide and busy street, I overtook a young girl. I should have passed her, had I not slack ened my gait when I came within a few steps of her and, walking softly, measuring my paces by hers, followed behind the unknown wayfarer - respectfully and at a proper distance - to study and admire her costume, which was so neatly fitted to her slight and charming figure, so tastefully disposed, draped in such dainty7 folds and graceful gatherings, that the wearer of it made a most attractive picture. Her little feet were bare nevertheless she trod firmly, stepping lightly, with graceful poise, walking as only those women can walk who, all their lives innocent of high-heeled boots, learned to balance bric-d-lrac on their heads when they were little, doll-cuddling girls. From time to time the maiden stopped to gaze into the shop-windows, viewing with eager, sparkling eyes the wonders, so attractive to her, displayed by drapers and dealers in fashionable stuffs. Wheu she halted thus to feast her soul I passed ahead of her then halting, waited till she, in turn, passed me again. In this way I was enabled to inspect, with approving criticism, the object of my admiration from tip to toe, and from every point of view. In time I made a mental catalogue of the bewildering items of her apparel and orna ments, taking memoranda that would enable an ingenious artist to paint from my description a full-length picture of her. Need I say I felt exceedingly diffident while following the young lady about the streets, and hesitated long before I ventured to open my note-book for the purpose of jotting down details of her word picture I feared I might else forget. She caught me looking at her, and smiled quizzically, as if she found me grotesque or outlandish in appearance. Nevertheless 6he smiled, and I, taking heart of grace, whipped out my log and jotted down Teeth, regular, white -and 12
[ GS_aligned] ################ saunter about the town and see the sights. I have only space to extract from my note-book the accounts of such of my adventures as I think may be of most interest to my readers, and, first of all, I ask their attention to a sketch of a typical woman of an ancient race see Frontispiece . Strolling along the shady side of a wide and busy street, I overtook a young girl. I should have passed her, had I not slack-ened my gait when I came within a few steps of her and, walking softly, measuring my paces by hers, followed behind the unknown wayfarer@-@respectfully and at a proper distance@-@to study and admire her costume, which was so neatly fitted to her slight and charming figure, so tastefully disposed, draped in such dainty@ folds and graceful gatherings, that the wearer of it made a most attractive picture. Her little feet were bare nevertheless she trod firmly, stepping lightly, with graceful poise, walking as only those women can walk who, all their lives innocent of high-heeled boots, learned to balance bric-à-brac on their heads when they were little, doll-cuddling girls. From time to time the maiden stopped to gaze into the shop-windows, viewing with eager, sparkling eyes the wonders, so attractive to her, displayed by drapers and dealers in fashionable stuffs. When she halted thus to feast her soul I passed ahead of her then halting, waited till she, in turn, passed me again. In this way I was enabled to inspect, with approving criticism, the object of my admiration from tip to toe, and from every point of view. In time I made a mental catalogue of the bewildering items of her apparel and orna-ments, taking memoranda that would enable an ingenious artist to paint from my description a full-length picture of her. Need I say I felt exceedingly diffident while following the young lady about the streets, and hesitated long before I ventured to open my note-book for the purpose of jotting down details of her word-picture I feared I might else forget. She caught me looking at her, and smiled quizzically, as if she found me grotesque or outlandish in appearance. Nevertheless she smiled, and I, taking heart of grace, whipped out my log and jotted down Teeth, regular, white -and ##