[OCR_toInput] ISLAND OF TRINIDAD. 185 The other three are Boca de Huevos eggs , Boca de Navios ships , and Boca Grande the latter, as its name signifies, is spacious, being many miles in width, spreading between a small British island on the east and the Venezuelan coast, which rises boldly from the sea to the west of it. Through Boca de Huevos we steamed at full speed into the Gulf of Paria, passing between Monkey and Egg Islands, seemingly as near to one another as the grand hills that guard the southern entrance to the Highlands of the Hudson. So narrow is this channel sailing ships seldom attempt a passage through any but Boca Grande , and such the excessive steepness and height of the islands on either hand, that vessels are likely to be becalmed in it, where anchorage is ren dered impossible by great depth of water, and so run a risk of drifting helplessly with the rapid currents, finally to be dashed against the rocks. The steamer held on in safety between Scylla and Charybdis, describing in her course a great semicircle as her bows veered from west and gradually headed southward, until she was fairly within the limits of the Gulf of Paria then, swinging round almost due east, she was headed for Port of Spain, situated about fifteen miles from the ocean. Nothing can be nobler than the prospect revealed to us as we skirted along the eastern coast of Trinidad, passing a group of five islets that cluster together midway between the ship's course and the gentle acclivity of the shore. They7 are called the Coloras, and to them the inhabitants of the little city resort to bathe, and breathe the fresh air when the town is hot and stifling, in the season of calms, which lasts from June to October. Trinity Sunday in the year 1498 fell on the last day of July. On that day there was not more than one cask of sweet water remaining in each of the six leaky ships of Columbus. The parching heat had opened the seams of his vessels - they were momentarily in danger of sinking, and much need there was to steer to a harbor where they might be careened and recalked, where provisions might be procured and the water-casks refilled . The distress of the mariners was pitiful day
[OCR_aligned] ISLAND OF TRINIDAD. 185 The other three are Boca de Huevos eggs , Boca de Navios ships , and Boca Grande the latter, as its name signifies, is spacious, being many miles in width, spreading between a small British island on the east and the Venezuelan coast, which rises boldly from the sea to the west of it. Through Boca de Huevos we steamed at full speed into the Gulf of Paria, passing between Monkey and Egg Islands, seemingly as near to one another as the grand hills that guard the southern entrance to the Highlands of the Hudson. So narrow is this channel sailing ships seldom attempt a passage through any but Boca Grande , and such the excessive steepness and height of the islands on either hand, that vessels are likely to be becalmed in it, where anchorage is ren dered impossible by great depth of water, and so run a risk of drifting helplessly with the rapid currents, finally to be dashed against the rocks. The steamer held on in safety between Scylla and Charybdis, describing in her course a great semicircle as her bows veered from west and gradually headed southward, until she was fairly within the limits of the Gulf of Paria then, swinging round almost due east, she was headed for Port of Spain, situated about fifteen miles from the ocean. Nothing can be nobler than the prospect revealed to us as we skirted along the eastern coast of Trinidad, passing a group of five islets that cluster together midway between the ship's course and the gentle acclivity of the shore. They7 are called the Coloras, and to them the inhabitants of the little city resort to bathe, and breathe the fresh air when the town is hot and stifling, in the season of calms, which lasts from June to October. Trinity Sunday in the year 1498 fell on the last day of July. On that day there was not more than one cask of sweet water remaining in each of the six leaky ships of Columbus. The parching heat had opened the seams of his vessels - they were momentarily in danger of sinking, and much need there was to steer to a harbor where they might be careened and recalked, where provisions might be procured and the water-casks refilled . The distress of the mariners was pitiful day
[ GS_aligned] ########################### other three are Boca de Huevos eggs , Boca de Navios ships , and Boca Grande the latter, as its name signifies, is spacious, being many miles in width, spreading between a small British island on the east and the Venezuelan coast, which rises boldly from the sea to the west of it. Through Boca de Huevos we steamed at full speed into the Gulf of Paria, passing between Monkey and Egg Islands, seemingly as near to one another as the grand hills that guard the southern entrance to the Highlands of the Hudson. So narrow is this channel sailing-ships seldom attempt a passage through any but Boca Grande , and such the excessive steepness and height of the islands on either hand, that vessels are likely to be becalmed in it, where anchorage is ren-dered impossible by great depth of water, and so run a risk of drifting helplessly with the rapid currents, finally to be dashed against the rocks. The steamer held on in safety between Scylla and Charybdis, describing in her course a great semicircle as her bows veered from west and gradually headed southward, until she was fairly within the limits of the Gulf of Paria then, swinging round almost due east, she was headed for Port of Spain, situated about fifteen miles from the ocean. Nothing can be nobler than the prospect revealed to us as we skirted along the eastern coast of Trinidad, passing a group of five islets that cluster together midway between the ship's course and the gentle acclivity of the shore. They@ are called the Cóloras, and to them the inhabitants of the little city resort to bathe, and breathe the fresh air when the town is hot and stifling, in the season of calms, which lasts from June to October. Trinity Sunday in the year 1498 fell on the last day of July. On that day there was not more than one cask of sweet water remaining in each of the six leaky ships of Columbus. The parching heat had opened the seams of his vessels@-@they were momentarily in danger of sinking, and much need there was to steer to a harbor where they might be careened and recalked, where provisions might be procured and the water-casks refilled@. The distress of the mariners was pitiful day