[OCR_toInput] ISLAND OF TRINIDAD. 187 the Three in One he was reminded of his vow, and accordingly7 gave to the island the name of La Trinidad, and so it is known until this day. The ships of Columbus entered the Gulf of Paria from the south, passing through the Serpent's Mouths, for so are called the channels between Trinidad and the mainland. Tarrying a few days at the island of the three mountains, the squadron sailed away through the Dragon's Mouths to sea again, and Colon continued on his third voyage of discovery. Since Columbus' day many seafar ing heroes have entered the Gulf of Paria, but none of them half so grand and famous as the one-armed, one-eyed sailor-man who passed through Boca de Navioson June 7, 1805, in the frigate Victory, one of a fleet of thirteen sail that had chased twenty-eight French and Span ish war-ships from the Straits of Gibraltar to the Caribbean Sea. Had Nelson, says a writer, in prophetic strain, found the hostile squadron under the lee of Trinidad, the mouths of the Orinoco would now be as famous in naval history7 as the Delta of the Nile. Not finding his enemies at Trinidad, he sought them at Martinique, whence they retreated like flying-fish before a hunting-shark. He had hoped to fight them where Rodney destroyed the fleet of Count de Grasse but the allied navy escaped to sea, and so he hunted them back to the Mediterranean, overtook them at Trafalgar, won a hundred monuments, and died, leaving England an all but broken-hearted nation. About two o'clock in the afternoon the Barracouta cast anchor in the Gulf of Paria, in front of Port of Spain, at a distance of more than a mile from shore for no nearer to the landing-place might she venture, because of the shallowness of the water. Soon after our ar rival in port, being on my way ashore in a small boat, I beheld near the quay at the foot of one of the principal streets of Port of Spain a stern-wheel steam-boat, a counterpart of the uncouth, preposterous, con cerns that are to be seen crawling through the mud of the Upper Mis souri. This machine, Neptune forbid that I should call it vessel ! -this peripatetic combination of summer hotel, liquor-saloon, and freight depot, five or six times in a twelvemonth, travels from Trinidad to
[OCR_aligned] ISLAND OF TRINIDAD. 187 the Three in One he was reminded of his vow, and accordingly7 gave to the island the name of La Trinidad, and so it is known until this day. The ships of Columbus entered the Gulf of Paria from the south, passing through the Serpent's Mouths, for so are called the channels between Trinidad and the mainland. Tarrying a few days at the island of the three mountains, the squadron sailed away through the Dragon's Mouths to sea again, and Colon continued on his third voyage of discovery. Since Columbus' day many seafar ing heroes have entered the Gulf of Paria, but none of them half so grand and famous as the one-armed, one-eyed sailor-man who passed through Boca de Navios@on June 7, 1805, in the frigate Victory, one of a fleet of thirteen sail that had chased twenty-eight French and Span ish war-ships from the Straits of Gibraltar to the Caribbean Sea. Had Nelson, says a writer, in prophetic strain, found the hostile squadron under the lee of Trinidad, the mouths of the Orinoco would now be as famous in naval history7 as the Delta of the Nile. Not finding his enemies at Trinidad, he sought them at Martinique, whence they retreated like flying-fish before a hunting-shark. He had hoped to fight them where Rodney destroyed the fleet of Count de Grasse but the allied navy escaped to sea, and so he hunted them back to the Mediterranean, overtook them at Trafalgar, won a hundred monuments, and died, leaving England an all but broken-hearted nation. About two o'clock in the afternoon the Barracouta cast anchor in the Gulf of Paria, in front of Port of Spain, at a distance of more than a mile from shore for no nearer to the landing-place might she venture, because of the shallowness of the water. Soon after our ar rival in port, being on my way ashore in a small boat, I beheld near the quay at the foot of one of the principal streets of Port of Spain a stern-wheel steam-boat, a counterpart of the uncouth, preposterous, con cerns that are to be seen crawling through the mud of the Upper Mis souri. This machine, Neptune forbid that I should call it vessel ! -this peripatetic combination of summer hotel, liquor-saloon, and freight depot, five or six times in a twelvemonth, travels from Trinidad to
[ GS_aligned] ########################### Three in One he was reminded of his vow, and accordingly@ gave to the island the name of La Trinidad, and so it is known until this day. The ships of Columbus entered the Gulf of Paria from the south, passing through the Serpent's Mouths, for so are called the channels between Trinidad and the mainland. Tarrying a few days at the island of the three mountains, the squadron sailed away through the Dragon's Mouths to sea again, and Colon continued on his third voyage of discovery. Since Columbus' day many seafar-ing heroes have entered the Gulf of Paria, but none of them half so grand and famous as the one-armed, one-eyed sailor-man who passed through Boca de Navios on June 7,@1805, in the frigate Victory, one of a fleet of thirteen sail that had chased twenty-eight French and Span-ish war-ships from the Straits of Gibraltar to the Caribbean Sea. Had Nelson, says a writer, in prophetic strain, found the hostile squadron under the lee of Trinidad, the mouths of the Orinoco would now be as famous in naval history@ as the Delta of the Nile. Not finding his enemies at Trinidad, he sought them at Martinique, whence they retreated like flying-fish before a hunting-shark. He had hoped to fight them where Podney destroyed the fleet of Count de Grasse but the allied navy escaped to sea, and so he hunted them back to the Mediterranean, overtook them at Trafalgar, won a hundred monuments, and died, leaving England an all but broken-hearted nation. About two o'clock in the afternoon the Barracouta cast anchor in the Gulf of Paria, in front of Port of Spain, at a distance of more than a mile from shore for no nearer to the landing-place might she venture, because of the shallowness of the water. Soon after our ar-rival in port, being on my way ashore in a small boat, I beheld near the quay at the foot of one of the principal streets of Port of Spain a stern-wheel steam-boat, a counterpart of the uncouth, preposterous, con-cerns that are to be seen crawling through the mud of the Upper Mis-souri. This machine, Neptune forbid that I should call it vessel !@-this peripatetic combination of summer hotel, liquor-saloon, and freight depot, five or six times in a twelvemonth, travels from Trinidad to