[OCR_toInput] 190 DOWN THE ISLANDS. It must not be imagined, however, from my spinning such yarns concerning vultures and other frightful creatures, that while at Port of Spain I supped full of horrors nor do I intend to convey the idea that Trinidad alone, of all the places I visited in the West Indies, is in particular infested by monstrosities that prey on mankind. At Mar-tinique I could have scared up a fer-de-lance, as the vile serpent is called, whose bite is as deadly as that of the cobra. At any of the islands I could, no doubt, have unearthed grewsome and venom-ous things, tarantulas, scorpions, centipedes, and chigoes. All these dreadful things, and many more, are to be seen in the Caribbees, no doubt, but I had as soon thought of going in quest of them as of go-ing a-slumming in the lowest, filthiest dives of a great city. I had, moreover, no craving to disgust my sight, nor morbid desire to insult my sensibilities, by visiting the lepers in their lazar-houses, or the wretched coolies smitten with elephantiasis, nor to gratify my curiosity by invading the awful seclusion of the Yaws Hospitals, where living souls are held in torment by festering bodies that might better in mercy be laid quick in the earth. I saw none of all these awful sights, for I took heed where I set my feet, going gingerly in the long grass or among the weeds, and in this way, avoiding the scorpions and other reptiles, I went my way in peace and quietness. As for the suffering souls, I could pity them without staring at them in their torments. There was an infinity of beautiful things to satisfy the mind, and fill the heart with gladness and content. Life was delicious and sensuous. The world seemed as fair and restful as if the Old Serpent, the father of fer-de-lance and patron of all hideous things, and not my ances tors, had been evicted from Eden. But to return to my walk through Port of Spain, Puerto de los Hispanoles, as the followers of Columbus called it - Conquerabia being the name given it by its early inhabitants, as we learn from Sir Walter Raleigh. It is the capital of the colony, and contains nearly thirty-two thousand inhabitants. Owing to the daily arrival and departure of vessels coming from and departing to all parts of
[OCR_aligned] 190 DOWN THE ISLANDS. It must not be imagined, however, from my spinning such yarns concerning vultures and other frightful creatures, that while at Port of Spain I supped full of horrors nor do I intend to convey the idea that Trinidad alone, of all the places I visited in the West Indies, is in particular infested by monstrosities that prey on mankind. At Mar-tinique I could have scared up a fer-de-lance, as the vile serpent is called, whose bite is as deadly as that of the cobra. At any of the islands I could, no doubt, have unearthed grewsome and venom-ous things, tarantulas, scorpions, centipedes, and chigoes. All these dreadful things, and many more, are to be seen in the Caribbees, no doubt, but I had as soon thought of going in quest of them as of go-ing a-slumming in the lowest, filthiest dives of a great city. I had, moreover, no craving to disgust my sight, nor morbid desire to insult my sensibilities, by visiting the lepers in their lazar-houses, or the wretched coolies smitten with elephantiasis, nor to gratify my curiosity by invading the awful seclusion of the Yaws Hospitals, where living souls are held in torment by festering bodies that might better in mercy be laid quick in the earth. I saw none of all these awful sights, for I took heed where I set my feet, going gingerly in the long grass or among the weeds, and in this way, avoiding the scorpions and other reptiles, I went my way in peace and quietness. As for the suffering souls, I could pity them without staring at them in their torments. There was an infinity of beautiful things to satisfy the mind, and fill the heart with gladness and content. Life was delicious and sensuous. The world seemed as fair and restful as if the Old Serpent, the father of fer-de-lance and patron of all hideous things, and not my ances tors, had been evicted from Eden. But to return to my walk through Port of Spain, Puerto de los Hispanoles, as the followers of Columbus called it - Conquerabia being the name given it by its early inhabitants, as we learn from Sir Walter Raleigh. It is the capital of the colony, and contains nearly thirty-two thousand inhabitants. Owing to the daily arrival and departure of vessels coming from and departing to all parts of
[ GS_aligned] ######################## must not be imagined, however, from my spinning such yarns concerning vultures and other frightful creatures, that while at Port of Spain I supped full of horrors nor do I intend to convey the idea that Trinidad alone, of all the places I visited in the West Indies, is in particular infested by monstrosities that prey on mankind. At Mar-tinique I could have scared up a fer-de-lance, as the vile serpent is called, whose bite is as deadly as that of the cobra. At any of the islands I could, no doubt, have unearthed grewsome and venom-ous things, tarantulas, scorpions, centipedes, and chigoes. All these dreadful things, and many more, are to be seen in the Caribbees, no doubt, but I had as soon thought of going in quest of them as of go-ing a-slumming in the lowest, filthiest dives of a great city. I had, moreover, no craving to disgust my sight, nor morbid desire to insult my sensibilities, by visiting the lepers in their lazar-houses, or the wretched coolies smitten with elephantiasis, nor to gratify my curiosity by invading the awful seclusion of the Yaws Hospitals, where living souls are held in torment by festering bodies that might better in mercy be laid quick in the earth. I saw none of all these awful sights, for I took heed where I set my feet, going gingerly in the long grass or among the weeds, and in this way, avoiding the scorpions and other reptiles, I went my way in peace and quietness. As for the suffering souls, I could pity them without staring at them in their torments. There was an infinity of beautiful things to satisfy the mind, and fill the heart with gladness and content. Life was delicious and sensuous. The world seemed as fair and restful as if the Old Serpent, the father of fer-de-lance and patron of all hideous things, and not my ances-tors, had been evicted from Eden. But to return to my walk through Port of Spain, Puerto de los Hispañoles, as the followers of Columbus called it@-@Conquerabia being the name given it by its early inhabitants, as we learn from Sir Walter Raleigh. It is the capital of the colony, and contains nearly thirty-two thousand inhabitants. Owing to the daily arrival and departure of vessels coming from and departing to all parts of