[OCR_toInput] 198 DOWN THE ISLANDS. my special wonder. Certainly, everything aud everybody I beheld were strange enough to warrant such a confusion of localities in my mind. The cooly men wear turbans, or a kind of nightcap - an old wife's mutch, the Scotch would call it - jackets, short trousers of white cotton cloth, and, except for blackness, their faces are characteristically European. Their features are the features of thin and emaciated Italians, Frenchmen, Englishmen - in a word, Caucasians. Some have full beards, others mustaches and imperials not a few wear mutton chop, Dundreary, or coachman whiskers. If one were to seize at ran dom the cadaverous, under-sized, light-in-weight, but respectable-look ing men to be seen on Broadway, Piccadilly, Rue de Rivoli, or Unter den Linden, clothe them in short, unstarched, white trousers, monkey jackets, and turbans, blacken the faces, hands, and feet of them, there would be little trouble in passing these Europeans off as an average lot of cooly men such as I saw in the Hindu quarters of San Fer nando. The houses of these people are small and slightly built, and furnish ing the best of them involves an insignificant expenditure there is no glass in the windows, there are no chimneys all cooking being done in the open air , no beds, tables, or chairs, the inmates sleep on the floor, eat the few morsels of their scanty meals while seated on their heels, cuddling around a few jugs and dishes of the rudest earthen ware set in the middle of the room. I was much entertained and interested in watching a cooly man at work, squatting on his heels in the open door-way of a wrecked and dis jointed shanty. He was bending over an earthen- ware furnace, in size and shape resembling a top-hat, beside which there was a block of wood twelve or fifteen inches square, overlaid with a fragment of iron boiler-plate half an inch in thickness which served as an anvil, and a few rude tools these, with the flower-pot furnace, completed the outfit of a Hindu silver-smith, for of that craft was the object of my curiosity. The implements of this artificer's profession were ancient and worn, cumbersome and unwieldy nevertheless, he plied his trade
[OCR_aligned] 198 DOWN THE ISLANDS. my special wonder. Certainly, everything aud everybody I beheld were strange enough to warrant such a confusion of localities in my mind. The cooly men wear turbans, or a kind of nightcap - an old wife's mutch, the Scotch would call it - jackets, short trousers of white cotton cloth, and, except for blackness, their faces are characteristically European. Their features are the features of thin and emaciated Italians, Frenchmen, Englishmen - in a word, Caucasians. Some have full beards, others mustaches and imperials not a few wear mutton chop, Dundreary, or coachman whiskers. If one were to seize at ran dom the cadaverous, under-sized, light-in-weight, but respectable-look ing men to be seen on Broadway, Piccadilly, Rue de Rivoli, or Unter den Linden, clothe them in short, unstarched, white trousers, monkey jackets, and turbans, blacken the faces, hands, and feet of them, there would be little trouble in passing these Europeans off as an average lot of cooly men such as I saw in the Hindu quarters of San Fer nando. The houses of these people are small and slightly built, and furnish ing the best of them involves an insignificant expenditure there is no glass in the windows, there are no chimneys all cooking being done in the open air , no beds, tables, or chairs, the inmates sleep on the floor, eat the few morsels of their scanty meals while seated on their heels, cuddling around a few jugs and dishes of the rudest earthen ware set in the middle of the room. I was much entertained and interested in watching a cooly man at work, squatting on his heels in the open door-way of a wrecked and dis jointed shanty. He was bending over an earthen- ware furnace, in size and shape resembling a top-hat, beside which there was a block of wood twelve or fifteen inches square, overlaid with a fragment of iron boiler-plate half an inch in thickness which served as an anvil, and a few rude tools these, with the flower-pot furnace, completed the outfit of a Hindu silver-smith, for of that craft was the object of my curiosity. The implements of this artificer's profession were ancient and worn, cumbersome and unwieldy nevertheless, he plied his trade
[ GS_aligned] ######################## special wonder. Certainly, everything and everybody I beheld were strange enough to warrant such a confusion of localities in my mind. The cooly men wear turbans, or a kind of nightcap@- an old wife's mutch, the Scotch would call it@-@jackets, short trousers of white cotton cloth, and, except for blackness, their faces are characteristically European. Their features are the features of thin and emaciated Italians, Frenchmen, Englishmen@-@in a word, Caucasians. Some have full beards, others mustaches and imperials not a few wear mutton-chop, Dundreary, or coachman whiskers. If one were to seize at ran-dom the cadaverous, under-sized, light-in-weight, but respectable-look-ing men to be seen on Broadway, Piccadilly, Hue de Rivoli, or Unter den Linden, clothe them in short, unstarched, white trousers, monkey-jackets, and turbans, blacken the faces, hands, and feet of them, there would be little trouble in passing these Europeans off as an average lot of cooly men such as I saw in the Hindu quarters of San Fer-nando. The houses of these people are small and slightly built, and furnish-ing the best of them involves an insignificant expenditure there is no glass in the windows, there are no chimneys all cooking being done in the open air , no beds, tables, or chairs, the inmates sleep on the floor, eat the few morsels of their scanty meals while seated on their heels, cuddling around a few jugs and dishes of the rudest earthen-ware set in the middle of the room. I was much entertained and interested in watching a cooly man at work, squatting on his heels in the open door-way of a wrecked and dis-jointed shanty. He was bending over an earthen-@ware furnace, in size and shape resembling a top-hat, beside which there was a block of wood twelve or fifteen inches square, overlaid with a fragment of iron boiler-plate half an inch in thickness which served as an anvil, and a few rude tools these, with the flower-pot furnace, completed the outfit of a Hindu silver-smith, for of that craft was the object of my curiosity. The implements of this artificer's profession were ancient and worn, cumbersome and unwieldy nevertheless, he plied his trade