[OCR_toInput] AHINDU TOWN. 203 fruit, upon an undertaker, just for the sake of seeing a funeral waltzed through in bang up Hindu style. As for myself, I had made up my mind, that if it was not a case of life and death, so far as I was concerned, to treat all Hindu doctors and doctresses as Moliere served his medical adviser - U me donne des remedes je ne les prends pas, et je me gueris. In the midst of this cooly district there is an open space, an acre or two in extent, densely shaded by a very ancient, and far-spread ing banyan-tree, under the branches of which the cooly people hold their market. It would be impossible to imagine a scene more un like any that I had ever beheld in all my travels in America or Europe. The people, their wares, their manner of trading, their baskets, trays, tables, their manner, voices, gestures, all were strange and outlandish, for the Hindus lose but little of their national char acteristics in the New World. As I passed through the crowd the sellers saluted respectfully, bowing as they said, Salaam, sahib then eagerly, but without clamor or violent gestures, besought me to purchase queer-looking eatables, utensils, ornaments, fabrics - in a word, all sorts of merchandise. There were venders of curry and curry-powder, purveyors of all kinds of food preserved in curry, curry to be taken away or to be eaten then and there - paper-pack ages, boxes, bottles of it, jars, pots, cups, bags, cocoanut-shells, full of curry - and everything, living or inanimate, in the market-place, was as distinctively East Indian as the curry itself, save and ex cepting a few Africans, Chinese, and Europeans, and their chattels and belongings. What I have written will serve to show how characteristically East Indian the cooly quarter of West Indian San Fernando really is, in all its precincts, environments, and aspects. I shall always regret I was unable to spend more time in observing the mysterious people, whose quaint manners, solemn appearance, fantastic costumes, and odd ways of conducting their affairs, differ as strangely and strikingly from the habits and customs of my own countrymen, or the people of
[OCR_aligned] AHINDU TOWN. 203 fruit, upon an undertaker, just for the sake of seeing a funeral waltzed through in bang up Hindu style. As for myself, I had made up my mind, that if it was not a case of life and death, so far as I was concerned, to treat all Hindu doctors and doctresses as Moliere served his medical adviser - @U me donne des remedes je ne les prends pas, et je me gueris. In the midst of this cooly district there is an open space, an acre or two in extent, densely shaded by a very ancient, and far-spread ing banyan-tree, under the branches of which the cooly people hold their market. It would be impossible to imagine a scene more un like any that I had ever beheld in all my travels in America or Europe. The people, their wares, their manner of trading, their baskets, trays, tables, their manner, voices, gestures, all were strange and outlandish, for the Hindus lose but little of their national char acteristics in the New World. As I passed through the crowd the sellers saluted respectfully, bowing as they said, Salaam, sahib then eagerly, but without clamor or violent gestures, besought me to purchase queer-looking eatables, utensils, ornaments, fabrics - in a word, all sorts of merchandise. There were venders of curry and curry-powder, purveyors of all kinds of food preserved in curry, curry to be taken away or to be eaten then and there - paper-pack ages, boxes, bottles of it, jars, pots, cups, bags, cocoanut-shells, full of curry - and everything, living or inanimate, in the market-place, was as distinctively East Indian as the curry itself, save and ex cepting a few Africans, Chinese, and Europeans, and their chattels and belongings. What I have written will serve to show how characteristically East Indian the cooly quarter of West Indian San Fernando really is, in all its precincts, environments, and aspects. I shall always regret I was unable to spend more time in observing the mysterious people, whose quaint manners, solemn appearance, fantastic costumes, and odd ways of conducting their affairs, differ as strangely and strikingly from the habits and customs of my own countrymen, or the people of
[ GS_aligned] ####################### upon an undertaker, just for the sake of seeing a funeral waltzed through in bang up Hindu style. As for myself, I had made up my mind, that if it was not a case of life and death, so far as I was concerned, to treat all Hindu doctors and doctresses as Molière served his medical adviser@- Il me donne des remèdes je ne les prends pas, et je me guéris. In the midst of this cooly district there is an open space, an acre or two in extent, densely shaded by a very ancient, and far-spread-ing banyan-tree, under the branches of which the cooly people hold their market. It would be impossible to imagine a scene more un-like any that I had ever beheld in all my travels in America or Europe. The people, their wares, their manner of trading, their baskets, trays, tables, their manner, voices, gestures, all were strange and outlandish, for the Hindus lose but little of their national char-acteristics in the New World. As I passed through the crowd the sellers saluted respectfully, bowing as they said, Salaam, sahib then eagerly, but without clamor or violent gestures, besought me to purchase queer-looking eatables, utensils, ornaments, fabrics@-@in a word, all sorts of merchandise. There were venders of curry and curry-powder, purveyors of all kinds of food preserved in curry, curry to be taken away or to be eaten then and there@-@paper-pack-ages, boxes, bottles of it, jars, pots, cups, bags, cocoanut-shells, full of curry@-@and everything, living or inanimate, in the market-place, was as distinctively East Indian as the curry itself, save and ex-cepting a few Africans, Chinese, and Europeans, and their chattels and belongings. What I have written will serve to show how characteristically East Indian the cooly quarter of West Indian San Fernando really is, in all its precincts, environments, and aspects. I shall always regret I was unable to spend more time in observing the mysterious people, whose quaint manners, solemn appearance, fantastic costumes, and odd ways of conducting their affairs, differ as strangely and strikingly from the habits and customs of my own countrymen, or the people of