[OCR_toInput] CHAPTER XVIII. THE FUTURE OF THE COLORED RACES. Regrets at Leaving San Fernando.- The Future of the Cooly and Negro Races.- The Heirs of the Caribbees.- The Example of Hayti.- Are the Colored Races to Re-trograde in then- Civilization ?- Wanted, a Constable. LEFT San Fernando with a feeling of reluc-tance, amounting almost to discontent, at my lack of better opportunity to pursue my in-vestigations, enlighten my mind, and gratify my curiosity concerning so many things that interested me beyond all I had seen on my cruise. I wished to spend days roaming about the town examining the handicraft of ar-tificers, peeping into door-ways and w-indows, which, like the gates of Dis, stand open night and day, for there are no blinds or sashes, doors or shutters, to be closed, be the weather fair or foul. I desired to observe the life of this race of transported men who preserve, in a foreign land, so many of the peculiari-ties of their nation, and adapt their mode of life so imperfectly to new surroundings, whose mental iner tia prevent them from readjusting themselves to meet any require ment of a new order of things. They seem not to abate one jot or tittle of any social, moral, or physio
[OCR_aligned] CHAPTER XVIII. THE FUTURE OF THE COLORED RACES. Regrets at Leaving San Fernando.- The Future of the Cooly and Negro Races.- The Heirs of the Caribbees.- The Example of Hayti.- Are the Colored Races to Re-trograde in then- Civilization ?- Wanted, a Constable.@@ LEFT San Fernando with a feeling of reluc-tance, amounting almost to discontent, at my lack of better opportunity to pursue my in-vestigations, enlighten my mind, and gratify my curiosity concerning so many things that interested me beyond all I had seen on my cruise. I wished to spend days roaming about the town examining the handicraft of ar-tificers, peeping into door-ways and w-indows, which, like the gates of Dis, stand open night and day, for there are no blinds or sashes, doors or shutters, to be closed, be the weather fair or foul. I desired to observe the life of this race of transported men who preserve, in a foreign land, so many of the peculiari-ties of their nation, and adapt their mode of life so imperfectly to new surroundings, whose mental iner tia prevent them from readjusting themselves to meet any require ment of a new order of things. They seem not to abate one jot or tittle of any social, moral, or physio
[ GS_aligned] CHAPTER XVIII. THE FUTURE OF THE COLORED RACES. Regrets at Leaving San Fernando.-@The Future of the Cooly and Negro Races.-@The Heirs of the Caribbees.-@The Example of Hayti.-@Are the Colored Races to Re-trograde in their Civilization ?-@Wanted, a Constable. I LEFT San Fernando with a feeling of reluc-tance, amounting almost to discontent, at my lack of better opportunity to pursue my in-vestigations, enlighten my mind, and gratify my curiosity concerning so many things that interested me beyond all I had seen on my cruise. I wished to spend days roaming about the town examining the handicraft of ar-tificers, peeping into door-ways and w@indows, which, like the gates of Dis, stand open night and day, for there are no blinds or sashes, doors or shutters, to be closed, be the weather fair or foul. I desired to observe the life of this race of transported men who preserve, in a foreign land, so many of the peculiari-ties of their nation, and adapt their mode of life so imperfectly to new surroundings, whose mental iner-tia prevent them from readjusting themselves to meet any require-ment of a new order of things. They seem not to abate one jot or tittle of any social, moral, or physio