[OCR_toInput] 210 DOWN THE ISLANDS. tive by failing, from time to time, to exclude the rehearsal of such un pleasant but equally undeniable facts as crowd themselves upon the attention of travellers in this part of the world, but I cannot deliber ately lay myself open to the charge of journeying among the Carib bees with my eyes shut, or wearing rose-colored spectacles, refusing to see anything in its true light, or, seeing, to be convinced that these islands are not, in very truth, Paradise, where mankind not only has been, and is, but will forever hereafter continue to be, blessed. Enjoying every moment of my stay in the West Indies, giving my self up, as completely as was in every way possible and reasonable, to the delightful existence, charmed by the magnficent scenery, re-made -as the French say - by the delicious, sensuous climate, there were times when these questions again and again recurred to me, each time with increasing emphasis What is to become of this teeming population ? Are these men destined to grow more human, or to sink into help less brutality ? It is probable that, left to themselves, the negroes and the coolies will sink to the level of their brethren on the Island of Hayti. It is barely possible that in some way or another the tide of white immi gration may be stimulated to flow again toward these islands. The sugar-industry may revive other crops may be planted which will render the plantations again valuable, and worth the care of owners now disposed to abandon them new enterprises may be set on foot. In some indefinite and, at present, indescribable fashion the Caribbees may become once more of importance in the political or commercial world, and so, the gradual extermination of the European races being checked, their ultimate disappearance may be postponed until such time as the black races, by longer contact with civilization, shall have acquired a more perfect knowledge of the art of self-government, shall have had instilled into them a knowledge of the necessity for popular education, and the wise administration of laws. If this should take place, then these islands may be handed over to the colored people,
[OCR_aligned] 210 DOWN THE ISLANDS. tive by failing, from time to time, to exclude the rehearsal of such un pleasant but equally undeniable facts as crowd themselves upon the attention of travellers in this part of the world, but I cannot deliber ately lay myself open to the charge of journeying among the Carib bees with my eyes shut, or wearing rose-colored spectacles, refusing to see anything in its true light, or, seeing, to be convinced that these islands are not, in very truth, Paradise, where mankind not only has been, and is, but will forever hereafter continue to be, blessed. Enjoying every moment of my stay in the West Indies, giving my self up, as completely as was in every way possible and reasonable, to the delightful existence, charmed by the magnficent scenery, re-made -as the French say - by the delicious, sensuous climate, there were times when these questions again and again recurred to me, each time with increasing emphasis What is to become of this teeming population ? Are these men destined to grow more human, or to sink into help less brutality ? It is probable that, left to themselves, the negroes and the coolies will sink to the level of their brethren on the Island of Hayti. It is barely possible that in some way or another the tide of white immi gration may be stimulated to flow again toward these islands. The sugar-industry may revive other crops may be planted which will render the plantations again valuable, and worth the care of owners now disposed to abandon them new enterprises may be set on foot. In some indefinite and, at present, indescribable fashion the Caribbees may become once more of importance in the political or commercial world, and so, the gradual extermination of the European races being checked, their ultimate disappearance may be postponed until such time as the black races, by longer contact with civilization, shall have acquired a more perfect knowledge of the art of self-government, shall have had instilled into them a knowledge of the necessity for popular education, and the wise administration of laws. If this should take place, then these islands may be handed over to the colored people,
[ GS_aligned] ########################################### tiem to time, to exclude the rehearsal of such un-pleasant but equally undeniable facts as crowd themselves upon the attention of travellers in this part of the world, but I cannot deliber-ately lay myself open to the charge of journeying among the Carib-bees with my eyes shut, or wearing rose-colored spectacles, refusing to see anything in its true light, or, seeing, to be convinced that these islands are not, in very truth, Paradise, where mankind not only has been, and is, but will forever hereafter continue to be, blessed. Enjoying every moment of my stay in the West Indies, giving my-self up, as completely as was in every way possible and reasonable, to the delightful existence, charmed by the magnficent scenery, re-made@-as the French say@-@by the delicious, sensuous climate, there were times when these questions again and again recurred to me, each time with increasing emphasis What is to become of this teeming population ? Are these men destined to grow more human, or to sink into help-less brutality ? It is probable that, left to themselves, the negroes and the coolies will sink to the level of their brethren on the Island of Hayti. It is barely possible that in some way or another the tide of white immi-gration may be stimulated to flow again toward these islands. The sugar-industry may revive other crops may be planted which will render the plantations again valuable, and worth the care of owners now disposed to abandon them new enterprises may be set on foot. In some indefinite and, at present, indescribable fashion the Caribbees may become once more of importance in the political or commercial world, and so, the gradual extermination of the European races being checked, their ultimate disappearance may be postponed until such time as the black races, by longer contact with civilization, shall have acquired a more perfect knowledge of the art of self-government, shall have had instilled into them a knowledge of the necessity for popular education, and the wise administration of laws. If this should take place, then these islands may be handed over to the colored people,