[OCR_toInput] PREFACE. XXI A Duke sometyme in Normandye there was Full uertuous and deuoute in all hys lyuynge And in almose dedes, he yede in the way of grace, Of Knightlye maners, and manfull in iustynge, A Lordlye parsone, also courtes in euery thynge His dwellynge was at Nauerne vpon sayne At Chrystmas to honoure that holy tyme, Open householde he kept, and to please God was fayne. A feaste he helde vpon a.certayne daye Lordes come thyther of greate renowne And as they sate at dyuer a knyght gan saye Vnto the Duke, and on hys knees kneled downe My Lorde he sayd, ye be owner of many a towne Yet have ye no lady, nor none heyre After your dayes to reioyce your grounde Therefore gett youe a princes that ys yonge and fayre. The prose version was printed by Wynkyn de Worde, and bears evident marks of being a direct translation from the French, and not, as was frequently the case, a reduction of the Metrical Romance. Of this prose version there is a copy in the Garrick codection in the British Museum, which was presented to Garrick by Mr. Asted, of Voxall, in Staffordshire. It consists, as does the copy described by Ames, which is also by Wynkyn de Worde, and extant among Bishop More's books in the public library at Cambridge, D. 5. 2. of twenty-nine leaves, but differs from it inasmuch as a wood print of the Sun at the top of the page, Wynkyn de Worde at the bottom, and his usual device
[OCR_aligned] PREFACE. XXI A Duke sometyme in Normandye there was Full uertuous and deuoute in all hys lyuynge And in almose dedes, he yede in the way of grace, Of Knightlye maners, and manfull in iustynge, A Lordlye parsone, also courtes in euery thynge His dwellynge was at Nauerne vpon sayne At Chrystmas to honoure that holy tyme, Open householde he kept, and to please God was fayne. A feaste he helde vpon a.certayne daye Lordes come thyther of greate renowne And as they sate at dyuer a knyght gan saye Vnto the Duke, and on hys knees kneled downe My Lorde he sayd, ye be owner of many a towne Yet have ye no lady, nor none heyre After your dayes to reioyce your grounde Therefore gett youe a princes that ys yonge and fayre. The prose version was printed by Wynkyn de Worde, and bears evident marks of being a direct translation from the French, and not, as was frequently the case, a reduction of the Metrical Romance. Of this prose version there is a copy in the Garrick co@dection in the British Museum, which was presented to Garrick by Mr. Aste@d, of Voxall, in Staffordshire. It consists, as does the copy described by Ames, which is also by Wynkyn de Worde, and extant among Bishop More's books in the public library at Cambridge, D. 5. 2. of twenty-nine leaves, but differs from it inasmuch as a wood print of the Sun at the top of the page, Wynkyn de Worde at the bottom, and his usual device
[ GS_aligned] ################### sometyme in Normandye there was Full uertuous and deuoute in all hys lyuynge And in almose dedes, he yede in the way of grace, Of Knightlye maners, and manfull in iustynge, A Lordlye parsone, also courtes in euery thynge His dwellynge was at Nauerne vpon sayne At Chrystmas to honoure that holy tyme, Open householde he kept, and to please God was fayne. A feaste he helde vpon a certayne daye Lordes come thyther of greate renowne And as they sate at dyner a knyght gan saye Vnto the Duke, and on hys knees kneled downe My Lorde he sayd, ye be owner of many a towne Yet haye ye no lady, nor none heyre After your dayes to reioyce your grounde Therefore gett youe a princes that ys yonge and fayre. The prose version was printed by Wynkyn de Worde, and bears evident marks of being a direct translation from the French, and not, as was frequently the case, a reduction of the Metrical Romance. Of this prose version there is a copy in the Garrick collection in the British Museum, which was presented to Garrick by Mr. Astell, of Yoxall, in Staffordshire. It consists, as does the copy described by Ames, which is also by Wynkyn de Worde, and extant among Bishop More's books in the public library at Cambridge, D. 5. 2. of twenty-nine leaves, but differs from it inasmuch as a wood print of the Sun at the top of the page, Wynkyn de Worde at the bottom, and his usual device