[OCR_toInput] 5 ROBERT THE BEUYLL. shorte tyme after that, this lady was demaunded of her fader, the duke of Bourgone, which gaue hym her wyl lyngly. And then theyr bry dale was kepte honourably, which were to longe to write. Howe the duke of Normandye with grete royalte broughte his wyfe, the doughter of the duke of Burgone, in to Roan in Normahdye, after he had maryed her. After that the forsayd duke had maryed the sayd ladye, he brought her with a grete company of barons, knyghtes, and ladyes, with grete tryumphe and glorye, into the lande of Normandye, and in the cyte of Roan, in the whiche cyte she was honourably reeeyued, and with grete melodye and there was grete amytebetwene the Bourgonyons and the Normans, which I lete passe for to come the soner to my mater. The forsayd duke and duchesse lyued togyder the space of xviiiyere with out any chdde. Whether it were Godde's wyl it sholde be so, or it were thrughe theyr own defaulte, I can not juge, for it were better other whyle that some people had no chylderne,. and also it were better for the fader and the moder to gete no chyldren, thenne to lacke of chastysynge, the chyldren and fader and moder sholde al go to the deuyll yet was this duke and duchesse deuout people, which loved and drede God, and gave grete almesse and what tyme this duke wolde meddle with his lady, he euer prayed to God to sende hym a chylde, to honoure and serue God, and to multyply and
[OCR_aligned] 5 ROBERT THE BEUYLL. shorte tyme after that, this lady was demaunded of her fader, the duke of Bourgone, which gaue hym her wyl lyngly. And then theyr bry dale was kepte honourably, which were to longe to write. Howe the duke of Normandye with grete royalte broughte his wyfe, the doughter of the duke of Burgone, in to Roan in Normahdye, after he had maryed her. After that the forsayd duke had maryed the sayd ladye, he brought her with a grete company of barons, knyghtes, and ladyes, with grete tryumphe and glorye, into the lande of Normandye, and in the cyte of Roan, in the whiche cyte she was honourably reeeyued, and with grete melodye and there was grete amyte@betwene the Bourgonyons and the Normans, which I lete passe for to come the soner to my mater. The forsayd duke and duchesse lyued togyder the space of xviii@yere with out any ch@dde. Whether it were Godde's wyl it sholde be so, or it were thrughe theyr own defaulte, I can not juge, for it were better other whyle that some people had no chylderne,. and also it were better for the fader and the moder to gete no chyldren, thenne to lacke of chastysynge, the chyldren and fader and moder sholde al go to the deuyll yet was this duke and duchesse deuout people, which loved and drede God, and gave grete almesse and what tyme this duke wolde meddle with his lady, he euer prayed to God to sende hym a chylde, to honoure and serue God, and to multyply and
[ GS_aligned] ########################### tyme after that, this lady was demaunded of her fader, the duke of Bourgone, which gaue hym her wyl-lyngly. And then theyr bry@dale was kepte honourably, which were to longe to write. Howe the duke of Normandye with grete royalte broughte his wyfe, the doughter of the duke of Burgone, in to Roan in Normandye, after he had maryed her. AFTER that the forsayd duke had maryed the sayd ladye, he brought her with a grete company of barons, knyghtes, and ladyes, with grete tryumphe and glorye, into the lande of Normandye, and in the cyte of Roan, in the whiche cyte she was honourably receyued, and with grete melodye and there was grete amyte betwene the Bourgonyons and the Normans, which I lete passe for to come the soner to my mater. The forsayd duke and duchesse lyued togyder the space of xviii yere with-out any childe. Whether it were Godde's wyl it sholde be so, or it were thrughe theyr own defaulte, I can not juge, for it were better other whyle that some people had no chylderne,@ and also it were better for the fader and the moder to gete no chyldren, thenne to lacke of chastysynge, the chyldren and fader and moder sholde al go to the deuyll yet was this duke and duchesse deuout people, which loved and drede God, and gave grete almesse and what tyme this duke wolde meddle with his lady, he euer prayed to God to sende hym a chylde, to honoure and serue God, and to multyply and