[OCR_toInput] EOBERT THE BEUTLL. 7 kynde, tempted the good duke, and troubled his mynde so that he wyst not what to do nor say. Thus moued, he left his huntynge and wente home to his palayes, where he founde his ladye also vexed and moued. As he came home he toke her in his armes, and kyssed her, and dyde his wdl with her, sayenge his prayers to our Lorde in this wyse 0 ! Lord Jhesu, I beseche the that I may get a chylde, at this houre, by the whiche thou mayst be honoured and served. But the ladye being so sore moued, spake thus folyshly, and said In the deuyle's name be it, in so muche as God hath not the power that I conceyue and yf I be conceyued with chylde in this houre, I gyve it to the devyll, body and soule. And this same houre that this duke and duches were thus moued, the sayd lady was conceyued with a man chylde, whiche in his lyf wroughte moche myschefe, as ye shad here after this, but afterwards he was converted, and dyde grete penance, and dyed a holy man, as is shewed here after. How Robert the Deuyd was borne, and what grete payne his moder suffred in hys byrthe. This duchesse, as we haue herd before, was con ceyued with the forsayd chylde, which she bare ix monethes as comonly women goo with chylde and ye may well perceyue that this lady coude not be delyuered without grete payn, for she traueyded more than a moneth, and yf good prayers had not been, and almesse dedes, good werkes, and grete penance done for her, she
[OCR_aligned] EOBERT THE BEUTLL. 7 kynde, tempted the good duke, and troubled his mynde so that he wyst not what to do nor say. Thus moued, he left his huntynge and wente home to his palayes, where he founde his ladye also vexed and moued. As he came home he toke her in his armes, and kyssed her, and dyde his w@dl with her, sayenge his prayers to our Lorde in this wyse 0 ! Lord Jhesu, I beseche the that I may get a chylde, at this houre, by the whiche thou mayst be honoured and served. But the ladye being so sore moued, spake thus folyshly, and said In the deuyle's name be it, in so muche as God hath not the power that I conceyue and yf I be conceyued with chylde in this houre, I gyve it to the devyll, body and soule. And this same houre that this duke and duches were thus moued, the sayd lady was conceyued with a man chylde, whiche in his lyf wroughte moche myschefe, as ye sha@d here after this, but afterwards he was converted, and dyde grete penance, and dyed a holy man, as is shewed here after. How Robert the Deuy@d was borne, and what grete payne his moder suffred in hys byrthe. This duchesse, as we haue herd before, was con ceyued with the forsayd chylde, which she bare ix monethes as comonly women goo with chylde and ye may well perceyue that this lady coude not be delyuered without grete payn, for she trauey@ded more than a moneth, and yf good prayers had not been, and almesse dedes, good werkes, and grete penance done for her, she
[ GS_aligned] ########################### tempted the good duke, and troubled his mynde so that he wyst not what to do nor say. Thus moued, he left his huntynge and wente home to his palayes, where he founde his ladye also vexed and moued. As he came home he toke her in his armes, and kyssed her, and dyde his will with her, sayenge his prayers to our Lorde in this wyse O ! Lord Jhesu, I beseche the that I may get a chylde, at this houre, by the whiche thou mayst be honoured and served. But the ladye being so sore moued, spake thus folyshly, and said In the deuyle's name be it, in so muche as God hath not the power that I conceyue and yf I be conceyued with chylde in this houre, I gyve it to the devyll, body and soule. And this same houre that this duke and duches were thus moued, the sayd lady was conceyued with a man chylde, whiche in his lyf wroughte moche myschefe, as ye shall here after this, but afterwards he was converted, and dyde grete penance, and dyed a holy man, as is shewed here after. How Robert the Deuyll was borne, and what grete payne his moder suffred in hys byrthe. THIS duchesse, as we haue herd before, was con-ceyued with the forsayd chylde, which she bare ix monethes as comonly women goo with chylde and ye may well perceyue that this lady coude not be delyuered without grete payn, for she traueylled more than a moneth, and yf good prayers had not been, and almesse dedes, good werkes, and grete penance done for her, she