[OCR_toInput] 14 ROBERT THE DETJYLX. my goodes, and robbed my hous and other sayd, he hath wounded me to deth, with many semblable offences. Thus lay they greuously complaynynge before the good duke, that grete pyte it was there for to se the good duke herynge the greuous and lamentable complayntes of the great murdre done by Robert his sone, thoroughout all the lande of Normande. Than his herte was suppressed with so grete sorrowe and thought that the salt teres breste oute of his eyen, and he wepte tenderly and sayd O ryght wyse God creatoure of heaven and erth, I haue so many tymes prayed ye to sende me a chylde and ad my delyte was to haue a sone, to the entente that I myght of hym have grete joye, and solace. And now haue I one, the whiche doth my herte soo moche payne, sorowe and thought that I wote in no wyse what to begyn, nor doo, nor saye thereto, but good Lorde onely I crye upon the for helpe, and remedye to be a lytel released of my payne and sorowe. How the duke sent out men of armes for to take Robert his sone, whiche Roberte toke them all, and put out theyr eyen in dyspyte of his fader, and sente them so home agayne. There was a knyght of the Dukes hous, whiche per ceyued that this good duke was uery sorowfidl and pensyfe, andknewe no remedy then this knyght spake and sayd to hym My lorde, I wolde aduyse you to sende for your sone Robert and let hym be brought to
[OCR_aligned] 14 ROBERT THE DETJYLX. my goodes, and robbed my hous and other sayd, he hath wounded me to deth, with many semblable offences. Thus lay they greuously complaynynge before the good duke, that grete pyte it was there for to se the good duke herynge the greuous and lamentable complayntes of the great murdre done by Robert his sone, thoroughout all the lande of Normande. Than his herte was suppressed with so grete sorrowe and thought that the salt teres breste oute of his eyen, and he wepte tenderly and sayd O ryght wyse God creatoure of heaven and erth, I haue so many tymes prayed ye to sende me a chylde and a@d my delyte was to haue a sone, to the entente that I myght of hym have grete joye, and solace. And now haue I one, the whiche doth my herte soo moche payne, sorowe and thought that I wote in no wyse what to begyn, nor doo, nor saye thereto, but good Lorde onely I crye upon the for helpe, and remedye to be a lytel released of my payne and sorowe. How the duke sent out men of armes for to take Robert his sone, whiche Roberte toke them all, and put out theyr eyen in dyspyte of his fader, and sente them so home agayne. There was a knyght of the Dukes hous, whiche per ceyued that this good duke was uery sorowfidl and pensyfe, and@knewe no remedy then this knyght spake and sayd to hym My lorde, I wolde aduyse you to sende for your sone Robert and let hym be brought to
[ GS_aligned] ######################### goodes, and robbed my hous and other sayd, he hath wounded me to deth, with many semblable offences. Thus lay they greuously complaynynge before the good duke, that grete pyte it was there for to se the good duke herynge the greuous and lamentable complayntes of the great murdre done by Robert his sone, thoroughout all the lande of Normande. Than his herte was suppressed with so grete sorrowe and thought that the salt teres breste oute of his eyen, and he wepte tenderly and sayd O ryght wyse God creatoure of heaven and erth, I haue so many tymes prayed ye to sende me a chylde and all my delyte was to haue a sone, to the entente that I myght of hym have grete joye, and solace. And now haue I one, the whiche doth my herte soo moche payne, sorowe and thought that I wote in no wyse what to begyn, nor doo, nor saye thereto, but good Lorde onely I crye upon the for helpe, and remedye to be a lytel released of my payne and sorowe. How the duke sent out men of armes for to take Robert his sone, whiche Roberte toke them all, and put out theyr eyen in dyspyte of his fader, and sente them so home agayne. THERE was a knyght of the Dukes hous, whiche per-ceyued that this good duke was uery sorowfull and pensyfe, and knewe no remedy then this knyght spake and sayd to hym My lorde, I wolde aduyse you to sende for your soue Robert and let hym be brought to