[OCR_toInput] 32 ROBERT THE DEUYLL. also you must kepe you dombe without speche, and lye among dogges, for thus hath God thys nyght com maunded me by a aungeU to gyue you this for your penaunce, and ye may offende no man the whyle your penaunce be a doynge and this penaunce ye must doo for your synnes in maner and forme as I haue tolde you, tyU suche tyme as it shaU please your Lorde to sende you worde that your synnes be forgyuen. Robert beynge mery and glad, thankynge our Lorde that he was assoyled of his synnes, and had therfore so lyght penaunce as hym thought that it was. Nowe taketh Robert leve of the heremyte, and goth to do his sharpe penaunce, whiche he helde but lyghte, remem brynge his grete abhomynable stynkynge synnes that he hath done all the dayes of his lyfe this was a fayre myracle, for he that was so vycyous and so furyous a rebell, and proude a synner, is now so fuU of uertues and fayre condycyons and tame as a lambe. How Robert the DeuyU toke leve of the heremyte, and went agayne to Rome to do his penaunce that the heremyte had gyuen hym. Robert had taken leue of the heremyte, and is gone towarde Rome, there for to do his penaunce. And whan he came into the cyte he began to lepe and renne about the stretes, makynge hymselfe as he had ben a fole, and the chyldren in the stretes se Robert renne in this wyse, and they after hym shoutynge and cryenge and castynge with myre and derte, and all suche fylth
[OCR_aligned] 32 ROBERT THE DEUYLL. also you must kepe you dombe without speche, and lye among dogges, for thus hath God thys nyght com maunded me by a aunge@U to gyue you this for your penaunce, and ye may offende no man the whyle your penaunce be a doynge and this penaunce ye must doo for your synnes in maner and forme as I haue tolde you, ty@U suche tyme as it sha@U please your Lorde to sende you worde that your synnes be forgyuen. Robert beynge mery and glad, thankynge our Lorde that he was assoyled of his synnes, and had therfore so lyght penaunce as hym thought that it was. Nowe taketh Robert leve of the heremyte, and goth to do his sharpe penaunce, whiche he helde but lyghte, remem brynge his grete abhomynable stynkynge synnes that he hath done all the dayes of his lyfe this was a fayre myracle, for he that was so vycyous and so furyous a rebell, and proude a synner, is now so fu@U of uertues and fayre condycyons and tame as a lambe. How Robert the Deuy@U toke leve of the heremyte, and went agayne to Rome to do his penaunce that the heremyte had gyuen hym. Robert had taken leue of the heremyte, and is gone towarde Rome, there for to do his penaunce. And whan he came into the cyte he began to lepe and renne about the stretes, makynge hymselfe as he had ben a fole, and the chyldren in the stretes se Robert renne in this wyse, and they after hym shoutynge and cryenge and castynge with myre and derte, and all suche fylth
[ GS_aligned] ########################## you must kepe you dombe without speche, and lye among dogges, for thus hath God thys nyght com-maunded me by a aungell to gyue you this for your penaunce, and ye may offende no man the whyle your penaunce be a doynge and this penaunce ye must doo for your synnes in maner and forme as I haue tolde you, tyll suche tyme as it shall please your Lorde to sende you worde that your synnes be forgyuen. Robert beynge mery and glad, thankynge our Lorde that he was assoyled of his synnes, and had therfore so lyght penaunce as hym thought that it was. Nowe taketh Robert leve of the heremyte, and goth to do his sharpe penaunce, whiche he helde but lyghte, remem-brynge his grete abhomynable stynkynge synnes that he hath done all the dayes of his lyfe this was a fayre myracle, for he that was so vycyous and so furyous a rebell, and proude a synner, is now so full of uertues and fayre condycyons and tame as a lambe. How Robert the Deuyll toke leve of the heremyte, and went agayne to Rome to do his penaunce that the heremyte had gyuen hym. ROBERT had taken leue of the heremyte, and is gone towarde Rome, there for to do his penaunce. And whan he came into the cyte he began to lepe and renne about the stretes, makynge hymselfe as he had ben a fole, and the chyldren in the stretes se Robert renne in this wyse, and they after hym shoutynge and cryenge and castynge with myre and derte, and all suche fylth