[OCR_toInput] 36 ROBERT THE DEUTLL. feste in his palays in the cyte of Rome, to whiche feste were assembled al the chefe of the lande, amonge whome there was a Jewe whiehe was receyuer of the moost part of all themperour's landes, and whan euery man was set at the table Robert walked up and doune in the haU hauynge his dogge in his armes playnge the fole as he was wonte to doo, and thus came to the table behynd the forsayd Jewe, whiche was set at the emperours table, and Robert came behynde his backe and knocked hym on the sholder, the Jewe lefte hym and tourned his face shortely behynde hym, and Robert hadde up his dogges arse redy and sette it upon the Jewe's face. The emperour and his lordes this seynge, laughed and had good game thereat, but the Jewe was wroth, and foule ashamed, but he durst save nothynge at the tyme. Than Robert sette downe his dogge and incontynente the dogge lepte upon the table, and dyde soo moche with his mouth and fete, that he caste doune aU the mete under the table. And in this maner Roberte spente his tyme euen without spekynge, lyke as the heremyte had conimaunded hym, and euer he dyde some madde or merry conceyte to cause the emperour to laughte or be mery. How Robert threwe downe a bryde on a foule donge-hyU, and how he put a lyuynge catte in an hole sethynge potte with podred befe. It befel upon a tyme that there was a bryde sholde goo to chyrche to be wedded, whiche was gayly apparelled, as unto a bryde apperteyned Robert seynge this bryde
[OCR_aligned] 36 ROBERT THE DEUTLL. feste in his palays in the cyte of Rome, to whiche feste were assembled al the chefe of the lande, amonge whome there was a Jewe whiehe was receyuer of the moost part of all themperour's landes, and whan euery man was set at the table Robert walked up and doune in the ha@U hauynge his dogge in his armes playnge the fole as he was wonte to doo, and thus came to the table behynd the forsayd Jewe, whiche was set at the emperours table, and Robert came behynde his backe and knocked hym on the sholder, the Jewe lefte hym and tourned his face shortely behynde hym, and Robert hadde up his dogges arse redy and sette it upon the Jewe's face. The emperour and his lordes this seynge, laughed and had good game thereat, but the Jewe was wroth, and foule ashamed, but he durst save nothynge at the tyme. Than Robert sette downe his dogge and incontynente the dogge lepte upon the table, and dyde soo moche with his mouth and fete, that he caste doune a@U the mete under the table. And in this maner Roberte spente his tyme euen without spekynge, lyke as the heremyte had conimaunded hym, and euer he dyde some madde or merry conceyte to cause the emperour to laughte or be mery. How Robert threwe downe a bryde on a foule donge-hy@U, and how he put a lyuynge catte in an hole sethynge potte with podred befe. It befel upon a tyme that there was a bryde sholde goo to chyrche to be wedded, whiche was gayly apparelled, as unto a bryde apperteyned Robert seynge this bryde
[ GS_aligned] ########################### in his palays in the cyte of Rome, to whiche feste were assembled al the chefe of the lande, amonge whome there was a Jewe whiche was receyuer of the moost part of all themperour's landes, and whan euery man was set at the table Robert walked up and doune in the hall hauynge his dogge in his armes playnge the fole as he was wonte to doo, and thus came to the table behynd the forsayd Jewe, whiche was set at the emperours table, and Robert came behynde his backe and knocked hym on the sholder, the Jewe lefte hym and tourned his face shortely behynde hym, and Robert hadde up his dogges arse redy and sette it upon the Jewe's face. The emperour and his lordes this seynge, laughed and had good game thereat, but the Jewe was wroth, and foule ashamed, but he durst save nothynge at the tyme. Than Robert sette downe his dogge and incontynente the dogge lepte upon the table, and dyde soo moche with his mouth and fete, that he caste doune all the mete under the table. And in this maner Roberte spente his tyme euen without spekynge, lyke as the heremyte had co@mmaunded hym, and euer he dyde some madde or merry conceyte to cause the emperour to laughte or be mery. How Robert threwe downe a bryde on a foule donge-hyll, and how he put a lyuynge catte in an hole sethynge potte with podred befe. IT befel upon a tyme that there was a bryde sholde goo to chyrche to be wedded, whiche was gayly apparelled, as unto a bryde apperteyned Robert seynge this bryde