[OCR_toInput] ROBERT THE DEUYLL. 43 layde syege to Rome and yet the emperour rode to the batayle, he commaunded his knyghtes and barones to take good hede fro whens that knyght came with the whyte horse, and what he was and where he became, for he had grete desyre to knowe whathewas. Theknyghtes answered it sholde be done. The day came that they must ryde forth to the batayle, and sertayne of the best knyghtes rode pryuely into a wood that stode a lyteU there besyde, and there they wayted whiche waye the knyghte on the whyte horse sholde come to the batayle but they loste theyr laboure, for they coude not tell whens he come. But whan they sawe hym in the batayle, they rode towarde hym to helpe hym and receyuehym. This same batayle was sore foughten on bothe partyes, but the Sarasyns lost there courage, for Robert layde on soo grete and myghty strokes, that no man myght stande under his hande so that in con-clusion Robert dyde so moche and so valyantly, that the Sarasyns were put to the dyscomfyture wherof themperour was gretly enioyed the senesshall with the Sarasyns were passynge angry and sore moued ther with all. How one of the Emperour's knyghtes hurte Robert in his thyghe with a spere. Than whan this batayle was done, euery man rode home, and Robert wolde haue tourned agayne to the fountayne to unarme hym as he was wonte to do before, but the forsayd knyghtes were torned agayne to the
[OCR_aligned] ROBERT THE DEUYLL. 43 layde syege to Rome and yet the emperour rode to the batayle, he commaunded his knyghtes and barones to take good hede fro whens that knyght came with the whyte horse, and what he was and where he became, for he had grete desyre to knowe what@he@was. The@knyghtes answered it sholde be done. The day came that they must ryde forth to the batayle, and sertayne of the best knyghtes rode pryuely into a wood that stode a lyte@U there besyde, and there they wayted whiche waye the knyghte on the whyte horse sholde come to the batayle but they loste theyr laboure, for they coude not tell whens he come. But whan they sawe hym in the batayle, they rode towarde hym to helpe hym and receyue@hym. This same batayle was sore foughten on bothe partyes, but the Sarasyns lost there courage, for Robert layde on soo grete and myghty strokes, that no man myght stande under his hande so that in con-clusion Robert dyde so moche and so valyantly, that the Sarasyns were put to the dyscomfyture wherof themperour was gretly enioyed the senesshall with the Sarasyns were passynge angry and sore moued ther with all. How one of the Emperour's knyghtes hurte Robert in his thyghe with a spere. Than whan this batayle was done, euery man rode home, and Robert wolde haue tourned agayne to the fountayne to unarme hym as he was wonte to do before, but the forsayd knyghtes were torned agayne to the
[ GS_aligned] ########################### syege to Rome and yet the emperour rode to the batayle, he commaunded his knyghtes and barones to take good hede fro whens that knyght came with the whyte horse, and what he was and where he became, for he had grete desyre to knowe what he was. The knyghtes answered it sholde be done. The day came that they must ryde forth to the batayle, and sertayne of the best knyghtes rode pryuely into a wood that stode a lytell there besyde, and there they wayted whiche waye the knyghte on the whyte horse sholde come to the batayle but they loste theyr laboure, for they coude not tell whens he come. But whan they sawe hym in the batayle, they rode towarde hym to helpe hym and receyue hym. This same batayle was sore foughten on bothe partyes, but the Sarasyns lost there courage, for Robert layde on soo grete and myghty strokes, that no man myght stande under his hande so that in con-clusyon Robert dyde so moche and so valyantly, that the Sarasyns were put to the dyscomfyture wherof themperour was gretly enioyed the senesshall with the Sarasyns were passynge angry and sore moued ther-with all. How one of the Emperour's knyghtes hurte Robert in his thyghe with a spere. THAN whan this batayle was done, euery man rode home, and Robert wolde haue tourned agayne to the fountayne to unarme hym as he was wonte to do before, but the forsayd knyghtes were torned agayne to the