[OCR_toInput] 60 PREFACE. Kemp's description of Deloney's biographies is fully justified by Thomas of Reading, which is a mixture of historical fact and fictitious narration, and may be compared to the historical novel of modern times for Coates, in his History of Reading, acknowledges the existence of our hero, even whde he speaks slight ingly of Deloney's history. The trade of Reading, with respect to manufactories, is no longer con siderable. Tliomas Cole, in the time of Edward I. query Henry I. was called the Bich Clothier of Reading. Though his name and reputation occa sioned a fabulous and childish penny history, called the ' History of Thomas of Reading ' yet we may learn from the circumstance, that Reading was even then famous for its trade of clothing. Thomas Deloney deserves to be had in remem brance by all lovers of our English Popular Literature, for he has contributed to it very largely, and in some instances with considerable poetical feeling. Mr. Dyce describes him as succeeding Elderton, as the most popular ballad writer of his time and that his productions entitled him to be so considered, wdl be admitted by those who remember his very pleasing ballad of Fair Bosamond, printed by Percy in his Beliques, ii. 143, ed. 1794.
[OCR_aligned] 60 PREFACE. Kemp's description of Deloney's biographies is fully justified by Thomas of Reading, which is a mixture of historical fact and fictitious narration, and may be compared to the historical novel of modern times for Coates, in his History of Reading, acknowledges the existence of our hero, even wh@de he speaks slight ingly of Deloney's history. The trade of Reading, with respect to manufactories, is no longer con@ siderable. Tliomas Cole, in the time of Edward I. query Henry I. was called the Bich Clothier of Reading. Though his name and reputation occa@ sioned a fabulous and childish penny history, called the ' History of Thomas of Reading ' yet we may learn from the circumstance, that Reading was even then famous for its trade of clothing. Thomas Deloney deserves to be had in remem brance by all lovers of our English Popular Literature, for he has contributed to it very largely, and in some instances with considerable poetical feeling. Mr. Dyce describes him as succeeding Elderton, as the most popular ballad writer of his time and that his productions entitled him to be so considered, w@dl be admitted by those who remember his very pleasing ballad of Fair Bosamond, printed by Percy in his Beliques, ii. 143, ed. 1794.
[ GS_aligned] ################## description of Deloney's biographies is fully justified by Thomas of Reading, which is a mixture of historical fact and fictitious narration, and may be compared to the historical novel of modern times for Coates, in his History of Reading, acknowledges the existence of our hero, even while he speaks slight-ingly of Deloney's history. The trade of Reading, with respect to manufactories, is no longer con- siderable. T@homas Cole, in the time of Edward I. query Henry I. was called the Rich Clothier of Reading. Though his name and reputation occa- sioned a fabulous and childish penny history, called the '@History of Thomas of Reading ' yet we may learn from the circumstance, that Reading was even then famous for its trade of clothing. Thomas Deloney deserves to be had in remem-brance by all lovers of our English Popular Literature, for he has contributed to it very largely, and in some instances with considerable poetical feeling. Mr. Dyce describes him as succeeding Elderton, as the most popular ballad writer of his time and that his productions entitled him to be so considered, will be admitted by those who remember his very pleasing ballad of Fair Rosamond, printed by Percy in his Reliques, ii. 143, ed. 1794.