[OCR_toInput] PREFACE. 61 Deloney is supposed from the allusion to him made by Nash in his Save with You to Saffron Walden, who speaks of him as the Badetting Sdk Weaver, to have been a native of Norwich and a weaver by trade. The time of his birth is however unknown. His earliest production which has come down to us is a ballad, written by him on the execution of the fourteen Traitors who were engaged in Babbington's Conspi racy in 1586. It is entitled A proper New Ballad breefely declaring the Death and Execution of 14 most wicked Traitors who suffered Death in Lincolnes Inne Fielde neere London the 20 and 2Ls£ of September, 1586. To the Tune of Weep Weep. This was re printed in the Codection of Old Ballads from Early Printed Copies, edited by Mr. Collier, which was the first publication of the Percy Society. In 1596, Deloney was compeUed to evade the search of the Mayor of London, and the punishment which, had he been captured, would have awaited him, for writing a certain Ballad, containing a Complaint of great Want and Scarcity of Corn within the Realm, . . . . bringing in the Queen speaking with her people Dialogue-wise in very fond and undecent Sort. On which occasion he is described by Stowe, in his Survey b. v. 333, ed. 1720 , as an idle fellow, and '■ one noted with the like spirit in printing a Book for
[OCR_aligned] PREFACE. 61 Deloney is supposed from the allusion to him made by Nash in his Save with You to Saffron Walden, who speaks of him as the Ba@detting S@dk Weaver, to have been a native of Norwich and a weaver by trade. The time of his birth is however unknown. His earliest production which has come down to us is a ballad, written by him on the execution of the fourteen Traitors who were engaged in Babbington's Conspi racy in 1586. It is entitled A proper New Ballad breefely declaring the Death and Execution of 14 most wicked Traitors who suffered Death in Lincolnes Inne Fielde neere London the 20 and 2Ls£ of September, 1586. To the Tune of Weep Weep. This was re printed in the Co@dection of Old Ballads from Early Printed Copies, edited by Mr. Collier, which was the first publication of the Percy Society. In 1596, Deloney was compe@Ued to evade the search of the Mayor of London, and the punishment which, had he been captured, would have awaited him, for writing a certain Ballad, containing a Complaint of great Want and Scarcity of Corn within the Realm, . . . . bringing in the Queen speaking with her people Dialogue-wise in very fond and undecent Sort. On which occasion he is described by Stowe, in his Survey b. v. 333, ed. 1720 , as an idle fellow, and '■ one noted with the like spirit in printing a Book for
[ GS_aligned] ################### is supposed from the allusion to him made by Nash in his Have with You to Saffron Walden, who speaks of him as the Balletting Silk Weaver, to have been a native of Norwich and a weaver by trade. The time of his birth is however unknown. His earliest production which has come down to us is a ballad, written by him on the execution of the fourteen Traitors who were engaged in Babbington's Conspi-racy in 1586. It is entitled A proper New Ballad breefely declaring the Death and Execution of 14 most wicked Traitors who suffered Death in Lincolnes Inne Fielde neere London the 20 and 21st of September, 1586. To the Tune of Weep Weep. This was re-printed in the Collection of Old Ballads from Early Printed Copies, edited by Mr. Collier, which was the first publication of the Percy Society. In 1596, Deloney was compelled to evade the search of the Mayor of London, and the punishment which, had he been captured, would have awaited him, for writing a certain Ballad, containing a Complaint of great Want and Scarcity of Corn within the Realm, .@.@.@. bringing in the Queen speaking with her people Dialogue-wise in very fond and undecent Sort. On which occasion he is described by Stowe, in his Survey b. v. 333, ed. 1720 , as an idle fellow, and@@@ one noted with the like spirit in printing a Book for