[OCR_toInput] 62 PREFACE. the Sdk Weavers, wherein was found some such like foolish and disorderly matter. Deloney did not, however, confine himself to the issuing of single ballads. We have no less than two collections of which he is the author and, thanks to the Percy Society, these once rare volumes are now accessible to ad lovers of old Poetry. The first is Strange Histories, or Songes and Sonets of Kings, Princes, Dukes, Lords, Ladyes, Knights and Gentle men, being pleasant either to be read or songe and a most excellent learning for all estates, printed in 1607. The second is, The Garland of Goodwill. Divided into Three Parts, containing many pleasant Songs and Pretty Poems to sundry New Notes, which Mr. Dixon, who edited the Percy Society's Reprint, supposes to have been printed as early as 1586. Deloney's prose Histories, are Thomas of Beading, Jack of Newbery, and The Gentle Craft. Thomas of Beading, which is here reprinted, must have been published before 1600, in which year Kemp aUuded to it in his Nine Daies Wonder, but the precise date of the first edition is not known and such appears to have been its popularity that a fourth edition appeared in 1612, and the sixth, which is the one here reprinted, in 1632. The Earl of Edesmere possesses a copy in 4to.
[OCR_aligned] 62 PREFACE. the Sdk Weavers, wherein was found some such like foolish and disorderly matter. Deloney did not, however, confine himself to the issuing of single ballads. We have no less than two collections of which he is the author and, thanks to the Percy Society, these once rare volumes are now accessible to a@d lovers of old Poetry. The first is Strange Histories, or Songes and Sonets of Kings, Princes, Dukes, Lords, Ladyes, Knights and Gentle men, being pleasant either to be read or songe and a most excellent learning for all estates, printed in 1607. The second is, The Garland of Goodwill. Divided into Three Parts, containing many pleasant Songs and Pretty Poems to sundry New Notes, which Mr. Dixon, who edited the Percy Society's Reprint, supposes to have been printed as early as 1586. Deloney's prose Histories, are Thomas of Beading, Jack of Newbery, and The Gentle Craft. Thomas of Beading, which is here reprinted, must have been published before 1600, in which year Kemp a@Uuded to it in his Nine Daies Wonder, but the precise date of the first edition is not known and such appears to have been its popularity that a fourth edition appeared in 1612, and the sixth, which is the one here reprinted, in 1632. The Earl of E@desmere possesses a copy in 4to.
[ GS_aligned] ################### Weavers, wherein was found some such like foolish and disorderly matter. Deloney did not, however, confine himself to the issuing of single ballads. We have no less than two collections of which he is the author and, thanks to the Percy Society, these once rare volumes are now accessible to all lovers of old Poetry. The first is Strange Histories, or Songes and Sonets of Kings, Princes, Dukes, Lords, Ladyes, Knights and Gentle-men, being pleasant either to be read or songe and a most excellent @warning for all estates, printed in 1607. The second is, The Garland of Goodwill. Divided into Three Parts, containing many pleasant Songs and Pretty Poems to sundry New Notes, which Mr. Dixon, who edited the Percy Society's Reprint, supposes to have been printed as early as 1586. Deloney's prose Histories, are Thomas of Reading, Jack of Newbery, and The Gentle Craft. Thomas of Reading, which is here reprinted, must have been published before 1600, in which year Kemp alluded to it in his Nine Daies Wonder, but the precise date of the first edition is not known and such appears to have been its popularity that a fourth edition appeared in 1612, and the sixth, which is the one here reprinted, in 1632. The Earl of Ellesmere possesses a copy in 4to.