[OCR_toInput] 95 OF THOMAS OF READING. The great desire I haue to maintaine you in your trades, hath moued me hereunto. Therefore boldly sav what you would haue in the one thing or the other, and I wdl grant it you. With that, they aU fell downe vpon their knees, and desired God to saue his Maiestie, and withall, requested three dayes respit to put in their answere which was graunted. And thereupon they departed. When the Clothiers had wed considered of these matters, at length they thought meete to request of his Maiestie for their first benefit, that ad the Cloth measures thorow the Land might be of one length, whereas to their great disaduantage before, euery good towne had a seuerad measure, the difficulty thereof was such, that they could not keepe them in memory, nor know how to keepe their reckonings. The second thing whereof they found themselues grieued, was this, that the people would not take crackt money, though it were neuer so good sduer ? whereupon it came to passe, that the Clothiers and diuers others, receiuing great summes of money, doe take among it much crackt money, it serued them to no vse, because it would not goe currant, but lay vpon their hands without profit or benefit, whereof they prayed reformation. The third was a griefe, whereof Hodgekins of Halifax complained, and that was, That whereas the Towne of HaHfax Hued al together vpon Cloathing, and by the reason of false borderers, and other eudl minded persons, they were oft robbed, and had their clothes carried out of their fieldes,
[OCR_aligned] 95 OF THOMAS OF READING. The great desire I haue to maintaine you in your trades, hath moued me hereunto. Therefore boldly sav what you would haue in the one thing or the other, and I w@dl grant it you. With that, they a@U fell downe vpon their knees, and desired God to saue his Maiestie, and withall, requested three dayes respit to put in their answere which was graunted. And thereupon they departed. When the Clothiers had we@d considered of these matters, at length they thought meete to request of his Maiestie for their first benefit, that a@d the Cloth measures thorow the Land might be of one length, whereas to their great disaduantage before, euery good towne had a seuera@d measure, the difficulty thereof was such, that they could not keepe them in memory, nor know how to keepe their reckonings. The second thing whereof they found themselues grieued, was this, that the people would not take crackt money, though it were neuer so good s@duer ? whereupon it came to passe, that the Clothiers and diuers others, receiuing great summes of money, doe take among it much crackt money, it serued them to no vse, because it would not goe currant, but lay vpon their hands without profit or benefit, whereof they prayed reformation. The third was a griefe, whereof Hodgekins of Halifax complained, and that was, That whereas the Towne of Ha@Hfax @Hued al together vpon Cloathing, and by the reason of false borderers, and other eu@dl minded persons, they were oft robbed, and had their clothes carried out of their fieldes,
[ GS_aligned] ############################ great desire I haue to maintaine you in your trades, hath moued me hereunto. Therefore boldly say what you would haue in the one thing or the other, and I will grant it you. With that, they all fell downe vpon their knees, and desired God to saue his Maiestie, and withall, requested three dayes respit to put in their answere which was graunted. And thereupon they departed. When the Clothiers had well considered of these matters, at length they thought meete to request of his Maiestie for their first benefit, that all the Cloth-measures thorow the Land might be of one length, whereas to their great disaduantage before, euery good towne had a seuerall measure, the difficulty thereof was such, that they could not keepe them in memory, nor know how to keepe their reckonings. The second thing whereof they found themselues grieued, was this, that the people would not take crackt money, though it were neuer so good siluer ? whereupon it came to passe, that the Clothiers and diuers others, receiuing great summes of money, doe take among it much crackt money, it serued them to no vse, because it would not goe currant, but lay vpon their hands without profit or benefit, whereof they prayed reformation. The third was a griefe, whereof Hodgekins of Halifax complained, and that was, That whereas the Towne of Halifax liued al-together vpon Cloathing, and by the reason of false borderers, and other euill minded persons, they were oft robbed, and had their clothes carried out of their fieldes,