[OCR_toInput] OF THOMAS OF READING, 103 by the hand, saying, My Oast, He goe talke with your wife for my part I thought we had bin friends but seeing her stomacke is so big, and her heart so great, I will see what she wdl say to me and with that he stept into the kitcbin, saying, God speed you Oastis. It must be when you are away then, said she. What is your reason, said the other ? Because God neuer comes where knaues are present. Gip goodly draggletade, qd. he, had I such a wife, I would present her tallow-face to the deuill for a candle. With that she bent her browes, and like a Fury of hed began to flie at him, saying. Why you gag-tooth Jacke, you blinking companion, get thee out of my kitchin quickly, or with my powdred beefe broth, I will make your pate as bald as a Fryers. Get me gone, quoth he ? thou sbalt not bid me twice out you durty heeles, you will make your husbands haire growe thorow his hood I doubt and with that he got him into the HaU, and sat him downe on the bench by his Oast, to whom he said 'Tis pittie, my Oast, that your aged yeeres that loues quietnesse, should be trou bled with such a scolding queane. I, God helpe me, God helpe me, quoth the old man, and so went towards the stable which his wife watching, suddenly stept out and gaue Cutbert a Itisse. Within an houre after, the old man craftily called for his Nag to ride to field but as soone as he was gone, Cutbert and his Oastesse were sueh good friends, that they got into one of Ware-houses, and lockt the doore to them but her husband hauing set a spie for the purpose,
[OCR_aligned] OF THOMAS OF READING, 103 by the hand, saying, My Oast, @He goe talke with your wife for my part I thought we had bin friends but seeing her stomacke is so big, and her heart so great, I will see what she w@dl say to me and with that he stept into the kitcbin, saying, God speed you Oastis. It must be when you are away then, said she. What is your reason, said the other ? Because God neuer comes where knaues are present. Gip goodly draggleta@de, qd. he, had I such a wife, I would present her tallow-face to the deuill for a candle. With that she bent her browes, and like a Fury of he@d began to flie at him, saying. Why you gag-tooth Jacke, you blinking companion, get thee out of my kitchin quickly, or with my powdred beefe broth, I will make your pate as bald as a Fryers. Get me gone, quoth he ? thou sbalt not bid me twice out you durty heeles, you will make your husbands haire growe thorow his hood I doubt and with that he got him into the Ha@U, and sat him downe on the bench by his Oast, to whom he said 'Tis pittie, my Oast, that your aged yeeres that loues quietnesse, should be trou bled with such a scolding queane. I, God helpe me, God helpe me, quoth the old man, and so went towards the stable which his wife watching, suddenly stept out and gaue Cutbert a Itisse. Within an houre after, the old man craftily called for his Nag to ride to field but as soone as he was gone, Cutbert and his Oastesse were sueh good friends, that they got into one of Ware-houses, and lockt the doore to them but her husband hauing set a spie for the purpose,
[ GS_aligned] ############################ the hand, saying, My Oast, Ile goe talke with your wife for my part I thought we had bin friends but seeing her stomacke is so big, and her heart so great, I will see what she will say to me and with that he stept into the kitchin, saying, God speed you Oastis. It must be when you are away then, said she. What is your reason, said the other ? Because God neuer comes where knaues are present. Gip goodly draggletaile, qd. he, had I such a wife, I would present her tallow-face to the deuill for a candle. With that she bent her browes, and like a Fury of hell began to flie at him, saying, Why you gag-tooth Jacke, you blinking companion, get thee out of my kitchin quickly, or with my powdred beefe-broth, I will make your pate as bald as a Fryers. Get me gone, quoth he ? thou shalt not bid me twice out you durty heeles, you will make your husbands haire growe thorow his hood I doubt and with that he got him into the Hall, and sat him downe on the bench by his Oast, to whom he said 'Tis pittie, my Oast, that your aged yeeres that loues quietnesse, should be trou-bled with such a scolding queane. I, God helpe me, God helpe me, quoth the old man, and so went towards the stable which his wife watching, suddenly stept out and gaue Cutbert a @kisse. Within an houre after, the old man craftily called for his Nag to ride to field but as soone as he was gone, Cutbert and his Oastesse were such good friends, that they got into one of Ware-houses, and lockt the doore to them but her husband hauing set a spie for the purpose,