[OCR_toInput] PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION. Some words of apology may seem necessary for adding another to the many ' Selections from the Poets,' ' Gar lands,' ' Gems,' ' Treasuries,' ' Specimens,' and ' Class books ' which have appeared in recent years. But, in conception as well as in plan, the present Anthology differs from its predecessors. While - for ex ample- Palgrave's Golden Treasury includes only Songs and Lyrics, and none from a living author, - neither in it nor in Abp. Trench's Household Book is there an extract from any of the long poems of Spenser, of Milton, of Pope, of Cowper, or of Wordsworth, - and the plays of Shakspere, the poems of Chaucer, of Addison and of Goldsmith are unrepresented and in Archdeacon Farrar's With the Poets the selections from the same author are all grouped together, and more thought would seem to have been given to the dulce than to the utile, - prettiness of effect being seemingly the chief care of editor and publishers. Again, selections having for some years past been made from the Golden Treasury for the examinations of the University of Madras, it has occurred to me that by a member of the University itself such a compilation might be made as would more fully meet the requirements of its undergraduates, both as regards matter and arrange ment. In this Anthology the selections are so distributed that one or more sections of different books might be taken as
[OCR_aligned] PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION. Some words of apology may seem necessary for adding another to the many ' Selections from the Poets,' ' Gar lands,' ' Gems,' ' Treasuries,' ' Specimens,' and ' Class books ' which have appeared in recent years. But, in conception as well as in plan, the present Anthology differs from its predecessors. While - for ex ample- Palgrave's Golden Treasury includes only Songs and Lyrics, and none from a living author, - neither in it nor in Abp. Trench's Household Book is there an extract from any of the long poems of Spenser, of Milton, of Pope, of Cowper, or of Wordsworth, - and the plays of Shakspere, the poems of Chaucer, of Addison and of Goldsmith are unrepresented and in Archdeacon Farrar's With the Poets the selections from the same author are all grouped together, and more thought would seem to have been given to the dulce than to the utile, - prettiness of effect being seemingly the chief care of editor and publishers. Again, selections having for some years past been made from the Golden Treasury for the examinations of the University of Madras, it has occurred to me that by a member of the University itself such a compilation might be made as would more fully meet the requirements of its undergraduates, both as regards matter and arrange ment. In this Anthology the selections are so distributed that one or more sections of different books might be taken as
[ GS_aligned] PREFACE TO THE FIRST EDITION. SOME words of apology may seem necessary for adding another to the many ' Selections from the Poets,' ' Gar-lands,' ' Gems,' ' Treasuries,' ' Specimens,' and ' Class-books ' which have appeared in recent years. But, in conception as well as in plan, the present Anthology differs from its predecessors. While@-@for ex-ample-@Palgrave's Golden Treasury includes only Songs and Lyrics, and none from a living author,@-@neither in it nor in Abp. Trench's Household Book is there an extract from any of the long poems of Spenser, of Milton, of Pope, of Cowper, or of Wordsworth,@-@and the plays of Shakspere, the poems of Chaucer, of Addison and of Goldsmith are unrepresented and in Archdeacon Farrar's With the Poets the selections from the same author are all grouped together, and more thought would seem to have been given to the dulce than to the utile,@-@prettiness of effect being seemingly the chief care of editor and publishers. Again, selections having for some years past been made from the Golden Treasury for the examinations of the University of Madras, it has occurred to me that by a member of the University itself such a compilation might be made as would more fully meet the requirements of its undergraduates, both as regards matter and arrange-ment. In this Anthology the selections are so distributed that one or more sections of different books might be taken as