[OCR_toInput] OF THOMAS OF READING. 115 sing the same note so that when they came home, their husbands had little to doe Especially Simon, whose wife daily lay at him for London apparell, to whome he said, Good woman, be content, letus goe according to our place aud abdity what wfll the Bailiffes thinke, if I should prancke thee up Hke a peacocke, and thou in thy attire surpasse their wiues ? they would either thinke I were mad, or else that I had more money then I could well vse, consider, I pray thee good wife, that such as are in their youth masters, doe proue in their age starke beggars. Besides that, it is enough to raise me vp in the kings booke, for many times, mens coffers are iudged by their garments why, we are Country folks, and must keepe our selues in good compasse gray russet, and good hempe-spun cloth doth best become vs I ted thee wife, it were as vndecent for vs to goe like Londoners as it is for Londoners to goe like courtiers. What a coyle keepe you, quoth she ? are we not Gods creatures as well as Londoners ? and the kings subiects, as well as they ? then finding our wealth to be as good as theirs, why should we not goe as gay as Londoners ? No, husband, no, here is the fault, wee are kept without it, onely because our husband be not so kind as Lon doners why man, a cobler there keepes his wife better then the best Clothier in this Couutrey nay, I wdl affirme it, that the London Oyster-wiues, and the very kitchin-stuffe eryers, doe exceed vs in their Sundaies attire nay, more then that, I did see the Water-bearers
[OCR_aligned] OF THOMAS OF READING. 115 sing the same note so that when they came home, their husbands had little to doe Especially Simon, whose wife daily lay at him for London apparell, to whome he said, Good woman, be content, let@us goe according to our place aud ab@dity what wfll the Bailiffes thinke, if I should prancke thee up @Hke a peacocke, and thou in thy attire surpasse their wiues ? they would either thinke I were mad, or else that I had more money then I could well vse, consider, I pray thee good wife, that such as are in their youth masters, doe proue in their age starke beggars. Besides that, it is enough to raise me vp in the kings booke, for many times, mens coffers are iudged by their garments why, we are Country folks, and must keepe our selues in good compasse gray russet, and good hempe-spun cloth doth best become vs I te@d thee wife, it were as vndecent for vs to goe like Londoners as it is for Londoners to goe like courtiers. What a coyle keepe you, quoth she ? are we not Gods creatures as well as Londoners ? and the kings subiects, as well as they ? then finding our wealth to be as good as theirs, why should we not goe as gay as Londoners ? No, husband, no, here is the fault, wee are kept without it, onely because our husband be not so kind as Lon doners why man, a cobler there keepes his wife better then the best Clothier in this Couutrey nay, I w@dl affirme it, that the London Oyster-wiues, and the very kitchin-stuffe eryers, doe exceed vs in their Sundaies attire nay, more then that, I did see the Water-bearers
[ GS_aligned] ############################## the same note so that when they came home, their husbands had little to doe Especially Simon, whose wife daily lay at him for London apparell, to whome he said, Good woman, be content, let us goe according to our place aud ability what will the Bailiffes thinke, if I should prancke thee up like a peacocke, and thou in thy attire surpasse their wiues ? they would either thinke I were mad, or else that I had more money then I could well vse, consider, I pray thee good wife, that such as are in their youth masters, doe proue in their age starke beggars. Besides that, it is enough to raise me vp in the kings booke, for many times, mens coffers are iudged by their garments why, we are Country folks, and must keepe our selues in good compasse gray russet, and good hempe-spun cloth doth best become vs I tell thee wife, it were as vndecent for vs to goe like Londoners as it is for Londoners to goe like courtiers. What a coyle keepe you, quoth she ? are we not Gods creatures as well as Londoners ? and the kings subiects, as well as they ? then finding our wealth to be as good as theirs, why should we not goe as gay as Londoners ? No, husband, no, here is the fault, wee are kept without it, onely because our husband be not so kind as Lon-doners why man, a cobler there keepes his wife better then the best Clothier in this Countrey nay, I will affirme it, that the London Oyster-wiues, and the very kitchin-stuffe cryers, doe exceed vs in their Sundaies attire nay, more then that, I did see the Water-bearers