[OCR_toInput] 124 THE PLEASANT HIST0EIE come Tradesmen, whose hands were to them in stead of lands, notwithstanding God raised againe the fame of this man, both by his great wealth, and also in his pos terity, whose eldest son Henry, the Kings god-son, be came afterward the Maior of London, who was the first Maior that euer was in that City, who gouerned the same 23 yeeres and then his son Roger Fitz-allen was the second Maior. The princely pleasures that in Worcester were shewn the King, were many and maruelous, and in no place had his Maiesty receiued more delight then here for the which at his departure he did shew himselfe very thankefull. Now when his Grace had thus taken view of all his good townes Westward, and in that progresse had visited these Clothiers, he returned to London, with great ioy of his Commons. How Hodgekins of HaUifax came to the Court, and complained to the King, that his priudedge was nothing worth, because when they found any of-fender, they could not get a hangman to execute him and how by a Fryer a gin was deuised to chop off mens beads of it selfe. Chap. 8. After that Hodgkins had got the priuiledge for the towne of Halifax, to hang vp such theeues as stole their cloth in the night, presently without any further iudge ment, all the Clothiers of the towne were exceeding glad, and perswaded themselues, that now their goods would be safe all night, without watching them at all,
[OCR_aligned] 124 THE PLEASANT HIST0EIE come Tradesmen, whose hands were to them in stead of lands, notwithstanding God raised againe the fame of this man, both by his great wealth, and also in his pos terity, whose eldest son Henry, the Kings god-son, be came afterward the Maior of London, who was the first Maior that euer was in that City, who gouerned the same 23 yeeres and then his son Roger Fitz-allen was the second Maior. The princely pleasures that in Worcester were shewn the King, were many and maruelous, and in no place had his Maiesty receiued more delight then here for the which at his departure he did shew himselfe very thankefull. Now when his Grace had thus taken view of all his good townes Westward, and in that progresse had visited these Clothiers, he returned to London, with great ioy of his Commons. How Hodgekins of Ha@Uifax came to the Court, and complained to the King, that his priu@dedge was nothing worth, because when they found any of-fender, they could not get a hangman to execute him and how by a Fryer a gin was deuised to chop off mens beads of it selfe. Chap. 8. After that Hodgkins had got the priuiledge for the towne of Halifax, to hang vp such theeues as stole their cloth in the night, presently without any further iudge ment, all the Clothiers of the towne were exceeding glad, and perswaded themselues, that now their goods would be safe all night, without watching them at all,
[ GS_aligned] ############################## Tradesmen, whose hands were to them in stead of lands, notwithstanding God raised againe the fame of this man, both by his great wealth, and also in his pos-terity, whose eldest son Henry, the Kings god-son, be-came afterward the Maior of London, who was the first Maior that euer was in that City, who gouerned the same 23 yeeres and then his son Roger Fitz-allen was the second Maior. The princely pleasures that in Worcester were shewn the King, were many and maruelous, and in no place had his Maiesty receiued more delight then here for the which at his departure he did shew himselfe very thankefull. Now when his Grace had thus taken view of all his good townes Westward, and in that progresse had visited these Clothiers, he returned to London, with great ioy of his Commons. How Hodgekins of Hallifax came to the Court, and complained to the King, that his priuiledge was nothing worth, because when they found any of-fender, they could not get a hangman to execute him and how by a Fryer a gin was deuised to chop off mens heads of it selfe. Chap. 8. AFTER that Hodgkins had got the priuiledge for the towne of Halifax, to hang vp such theeues as stole their cloth in the night, presently without any further iudge-ment, all the Clothiers of the towne were exceeding glad, and perswaded themselues, that now their goods would be safe all night, without watching them at all,