[OCR_toInput] OF THOMAS OF READING. 131 at length granted his petition whereupon till this day, it is obserued in Hallifax, that such as are taken stealing of their cloth, haue their heads chopt off with the same gin. How the Bailiffes of London coidd get no man to bee a Catchpole, and how certaine Flemings tooke that office vpon them, whereof many of them were fledde into this Realme, by reason of certaine waters that had drowned a great part of their Country. Chap. 9. The City of London being at that time fbuerned by Baififfes, it came to passe, that in a certaine fray two of their Catch-poles were kdled, for at that time they had not the name of Sergeants and you shaU vnderstand, that their office was then so much hated and detested of EngHshmen, that none of them would take it vpon him so that the Bailiffes were glad to get any man whatso euer, and to giue him certain wages to performe that office. It came to passe, as I said before, that two of their Officers by arresting of a man, were at one instant slaine, by meanes whereof the Badiffes were enforced to seeke others to put in their roomes but by no meanes could they get any, wherefore according to their wonted man ner, they made proclamation, that if there were any man that would present himselfe before them, he should not onely be settled in that office during their hues, but also should haue such maintenance and allowance, as for such men was by the City prouided and notwithstanding
[OCR_aligned] OF THOMAS OF READING. 131 at length granted his petition whereupon till this day, it is obserued in Hallifax, that such as are taken stealing of their cloth, haue their heads chopt off with the same gin. How the Bailiffes of London coidd get no man to bee a Catchpole, and how certaine Flemings tooke that office vpon them, whereof many of them were fledde into this Realme, by reason of certaine waters that had drowned a great part of their Country. Chap. 9. The City of London being at that time fbuerned by Baififfes, it came to passe, that in a certaine fray two of their Catch-poles were k@dled, for at that time they had not the name of Sergeants and you sha@U vnderstand, that their office was then so much hated and detested of Eng@Hshmen, that none of them would take it vpon him so that the Bailiffes were glad to get any man whatso euer, and to giue him certain wages to performe that office. It came to passe, as I said before, that two of their Officers by arresting of a man, were at one instant slaine, by meanes whereof the Ba@diffes were enforced to seeke others to put in their roomes but by no meanes could they get any, wherefore according to their wonted man ner, they made proclamation, that if there were any man that would present himselfe before them, he should not onely be settled in that office during their @hues, but also should haue such maintenance and allowance, as for such men was by the City prouided and notwithstanding
[ GS_aligned] ############################ length granted his petition whereupon till this day, it is obserued in Hallifax, that such as are taken stealing of their cloth, haue their heads chopt off with the same gin. How the Bailiffes of London could get no man to bee a Catchpole, and how certaine Flemings tooke that office vpon them, whereof many of them were fledde into this Realme, by reason of certaine waters that had drowned a great part of their Country. Chap. 9. THE City of London being at that time gouerned by Bailiffes, it came to passe, that in a certaine fray two of their Catch-poles were killed, for at that time they had not the name of Sergeants and you shall vnderstand, that their office was then so much hated and detested of Englishmen, that none of them would take it vpon him so that the Bailiffes were glad to get any man whatso-euer, and to giue him certain wages to performe that office. It came to passe, as I said before, that two of their Officers by arresting of a man, were at one instant slaine, by meanes whereof the Bailiffes were enforced to seeke others to put in their roomes but by no meanes could they get any, wherefore according to their wonted man-ner, they made proclamation, that if there were any man that would present himselfe before them, he should not onely be settled in that office during their liues, but also should haue such maintenance and allowance, as for such men was by the City prouided and notwithstanding