[OCR_toInput] 132 THE PLEASANT HISTORIE that it was an office most necessary in the Common wealth, yet did the poorest wretch despise it, that liued in any estimation among his neighbours. At last, a couple of Flemings, which were fled into this Land, by reason that their Country was drowned with the sea, hearing the Proclamation, offered themselues vnto the Bayliffes, to serue in this place, who were pre sently receiued and accepted and according to order had garments giuen them, which were of 2. colors, blue and red their coates, breeches and stockings, whereby they were knowHe and discerned from other men. Within halfe a yeere after, it came to passe, that Thomas Doue of Exeter came vp to London, who hauing by his iollity and goodfeUowship, brought himselfe greatly behind hand, was in danger to diuers men of the Cite, among the rest, one of his Creditors feed an Officer to arrest him. The Dutch-man that had not beene long experienced in such matters, and hearing how many of his fedowes had beene kdled for attempting to arrest men, stood quiuering and quaking in a corner of the street to watch for Thomas Doue, and hauing long waited, at length he espied him whereupon he prepared his mace ready, and with a pale countenance proceeded to his Office at what time comming behind the man, suddenly with his mace he knockt him on the pate, say ing, I arrest you, giuing him such a blow, that he fell him to the ground. The Catchpole thinking he had kided the man, he left his mace behind him and ranne away the Creditor
[OCR_aligned] 132 THE PLEASANT HISTORIE that it was an office most necessary in the Common wealth, yet did the poorest wretch despise it, that liued in any estimation among his neighbours. At last, a couple of Flemings, which were fled into this Land, by reason that their Country was drowned with the sea, hearing the Proclamation, offered themselues vnto the Bayliffes, to serue in this place, who were pre sently receiued and accepted and according to order had garments giuen them, which were of 2. colors, blue and red their coates, breeches and stockings, whereby they were knowHe and discerned from other men. Within halfe a yeere after, it came to passe, that Thomas Doue of Exeter came vp to London, who hauing by his iollity and goodfe@Uowship, brought himselfe greatly behind hand, was in danger to diuers men of the Cite, among the rest, one of his Creditors feed an Officer to arrest him. The Dutch-man that had not beene long experienced in such matters, and hearing how many of his fe@dowes had beene k@dled for attempting to arrest men, stood quiuering and quaking in a corner of the street to watch for Thomas Doue, and hauing long waited, at length he espied him whereupon he prepared his mace ready, and with a pale countenance proceeded to his Office at what time comming behind the man, suddenly with his mace he knockt him on the pate, say ing, I arrest you, giuing him such a blow, that he fell him to the ground. The Catchpole thinking he had ki@ded the man, he left his mace behind him and ranne away the Creditor
[ GS_aligned] ############################## it was an office most necessary in the Common-wealth, yet did the poorest wretch despise it, that liued in any estimation among his neighbours. At last, a couple of Flemings, which were fled into this Land, by reason that their Country was drowned with the sea, hearing the Proclamation, offered themselues vnto the Bayliffes, to serue in this place, who were pre-sently receiued and accepted and according to order had garments giuen them, which were of 2. colors, blue and red their coates, breeches and stockings, whereby they were knowne and discerned from other men. Within halfe a yeere after, it came to passe, that Thomas Doue of Exeter came vp to London, who hauing by his iollity and goodfellowship, brought himselfe greatly behind hand, was in danger to diuers men of the Cite, among the rest, one of his Creditors feed an Officer to arrest him. The Dutch-man that had not beene long experienced in such matters, and hearing how many of his fellowes had beene killed for attempting to arrest men, stood quiuering and quaking in a corner of the street to watch for Thomas Doue, and hauing long waited, at length he espied him whereupon he prepared his mace ready, and with a pale countenance proceeded to his Office at what time comming behind the man, suddenly with his mace he knockt him on the pate, say-ing, I arrest you, giuing him such a blow, that he fell him to the ground. The Catchpole thinking he had killed the man, he left his mace behind him and ranne away the Creditor