[OCR_toInput] 'It is an awful truth, that there neither is nor can be any genuine enjoyment of poetry among nineteen out of twenty of those persons who live, or wish to live, in the broad light of the world - among those who either are, or are striving to make themselves people of consideration in society. This is a truth, and an awful one because to be incapable of a feeling of poetry, in my sense of the word, is to be without love of human nature and rever ence for God. ' Upon this I shall insist elsewhere at present let me confine myself to my object, which is to make you, my dear friend, as easy-hearted as myself with respect to these poems. Trouble not yourself upon their present reception. Of what moment is that compared with what I trust is their destiny ? - to console the afflicted to add sunshine to daylight, by making the happy happier to teach the young and the gracious of every age to see, to think, and feel, and, therefore, to become more actively and securely virtuous this is their office, which I trust they will faithfully perform, long after we that is, all that is mortal of us are mouldered in our graves.' - Wordsworth to Lady Beaumont, 1807.
[OCR_aligned] 'It is an awful truth, that there neither is nor can be any genuine enjoyment of poetry among nineteen out of twenty of those persons who live, or wish to live, in the broad light of the world - among those who either are, or are striving to make themselves people of consideration in society. This is a truth, and an awful one because to be incapable of a feeling of poetry, in my sense of the word, is to be without love of human nature and rever ence for God. ' Upon this I shall insist elsewhere at present let me confine myself to my object, which is to make you, my dear friend, as easy-hearted as myself with respect to these poems. Trouble not yourself upon their present reception. Of what moment is that compared with what I trust is their destiny ? - to console the afflicted to add sunshine to daylight, by making the happy happier to teach the young and the gracious of every age to see, to think, and feel, and, therefore, to become more actively and securely virtuous this is their office, which I trust they will faithfully perform, long after we that is, all that is mortal of us are mouldered in our graves.' - Wordsworth to Lady Beaumont, 1807.
[ GS_aligned] 'IT is an awful truth, that there neither is nor can be any genuine enjoyment of poetry among nineteen out of twenty of those persons who live, or wish to live, in the broad light of the world@-@among those who either are, or are striving to make themselves people of consideration in society. This is a truth, and an awful one because to be incapable of a feeling of poetry, in my sense of the word, is to be without love of human nature and rever-ence for God. ' Upon this I shall insist elsewhere at present let me confine myself to my object, which is to make you, my dear friend, as easy-hearted as myself with respect to these poems. Trouble not yourself upon their present reception. Of what moment is that compared with what I trust is their destiny@?@-@to console the afflicted to add sunshine to daylight, by making the happy happier to teach the young and the gracious of every age to see, to think, and feel, and, therefore, to become more actively and securely virtuous this is their office, which I trust they will faithfully perform, long after we that is, all that is mortal of us are mouldered in our graves.' -@Wordsworth to Lady Beaumont, 1807.