[OCR_toInput] OF THOMAS OF READING. 135 tlemen of the Country, but of two most especially, Duke Robert, and Sir William Ferris. It chanced on a time, that faire Margaret with many others of her Masters folkes, went a hay-making, attired in a red stammell peticoate, and a broad strawne hat vpon her head, she had also a hay-forke, and in her lappe shee did carry her breake-fast. As she went along, Duke Robert, with one or two of his keepers, met with her, whose amiable sight did now anew re-inkindle the secret fire of loue, which long lay smothering in his heart. Wherefore meeting her so happily, he saluted her thus friendly. Faire maid, good morow, are you walking so ddi gently to your labour ? Needes must the weather be faire, when the Sun shines so cleare, and the hay whole some that is dryedwith such splendent rayes. Renowned and most notable Duke qd. she poore haruest folkes pray for faire weather, and it is the laborers comfort to see his worke prosper, and the more happy may we count the day, that is blessed with your princely presence but more happy, said the Duke, are they which are con uersant in thy company. But let me intreat thee to turne backe to thy Masters with me, and commit thy forke to some that are fitter for such toyle trust me, me thinkes thy dame is too much id aduised, in setting thee to such homely busines. I muse thou canst indure this vfle beseeming seruitude, whose delicate lims were neuer framed to proue such painefuU experiments. Albeit, quoth she, it becommeth not me to controule your iudiciaU thoughts, yet were you not the Duke, I
[OCR_aligned] OF THOMAS OF READING. 135 tlemen of the Country, but of two most especially, Duke Robert, and Sir William Ferris. It chanced on a time, that faire Margaret with many others of her Masters folkes, went a hay-making, attired in a red stammell peticoate, and a broad strawne hat vpon her head, she had also a hay-forke, and in her lappe shee did carry her breake-fast. As she went along, Duke Robert, with one or two of his keepers, met with her, whose amiable sight did now anew re-inkindle the secret fire of loue, which long lay smothering in his heart. Wherefore meeting her so happily, he saluted her thus friendly. Faire maid, good morow, are you walking so d@di gently to your labour ? Needes must the weather be faire, when the Sun shines so cleare, and the hay whole some that is dryedwith such splendent rayes. Renowned and most notable Duke qd. she poore haruest folkes pray for faire weather, and it is the laborers comfort to see his worke prosper, and the more happy may we count the day, that is blessed with your princely presence but more happy, said the Duke, are they which are con uersant in thy company. But let me intreat thee to turne backe to thy Masters with me, and commit thy forke to some that are fitter for such toyle trust me, me thinkes thy dame is too much i@d aduised, in setting thee to such homely busines. I muse thou canst indure this vfle beseeming seruitude, whose delicate lims were neuer framed to proue such painefu@U experiments. Albeit, quoth she, it becommeth not me to controule your iudicia@U thoughts, yet were you not the Duke, I
[ GS_aligned] ################################ of the Country, but of two most especially, Duke Robert, and Sir William Ferris. It chanced on a time, that faire Margaret with many others of her Masters folkes, went a hay-making, attired in a red stammell peticoate, and a broad strawne hat vpon her head, she had also a hay-forke, and in her lappe shee did carry her breake-fast. As she went along, Duke Robert, with one or two of his keepers, met with her, whose amiable sight did now anew re-inkindle the secret lire of loue, which long lay smothering in his heart. Wherefore meeting her so happily, he saluted her thus friendly. Faire maid, good morow, are you walking so dili-gently to your labour ? Needes must the weather be faire, when the Sun shines so cleare, and the hay whole-some that is dryedwith such splendent rayes. Renowned and most notable Duke qd. she poore haruest folkes pray for faire weather, and it is the laborers comfort to see his worke prosper, and the more happy may we count the day, that is blessed with your princely presence but more happy, said the Duke, are they which are con-uersant in thy company. But let me intreat thee to turne backe to thy Masters with me, and commit thy forke to some that are fitter for such toyle trust me, me thinkes thy dame is too much ill aduised, in setting thee to such homely busines. I muse thou canst indure this vile beseeming seruitude, whose delicate lims were neuer framed to proue such painefull experiments. Albeit, quoth she, it becommeth not me to controule your iudiciall thoughts, yet were you not the Duke, I