[OCR_toInput] 148 THE PLEASANT HISTORIE for albeit that the next time that he came to London, his horse stumbled and broke one of his legs as he should ride homeward, yet hired he another to hasten his owne death for there is no remedy but he shoull goe to Colebrooke that night but by the way he was heauy asleepe, that he could scant keepe himselfe in the saddle and when he came neere vnto the Towne, his nose burst out suddenly a bleeding. WeU, to his Inne he came, and so heauy was his heart that he could eate no meat his Oast and Oastesse hearing he was so melancholy, came vp to cheare him, saying, Jesus Master Cole, what ayles you to night ? neuer did we see you thus sad before wdl it please you to haue a quart of burnt sacke ? With a good will quoth he and would to God Tom Doue were here, he would surely make me merry, and we should lacke no musieke but I am sorry for the man with all my heart, that he is come so farre behind hand but alas, so much can euery man say, but what good doth it him ? No, no, it is not words can helpe a man in this case, the man had need of other reliefe then so. Let me see I haue but one child in the world, and that is my daughter, and halfe that I haue is hers, the other halfe my wifes. What then ? shaU I be good to no body but them ? In conscience, my wealth is too much for a couple to pos sesse, and what is our Religion without charity ? And to whom is charity more to be shewne, then to decaid house-holders ? Good my Oast lend me a pen and inke, and some
[OCR_aligned] 148 THE PLEASANT HISTORIE for albeit that the next time that he came to London, his horse stumbled and broke one of his legs as he should ride homeward, yet hired he another to hasten his owne death for there is no remedy but he shoull goe to Colebrooke that night but by the way he was heauy asleepe, that he could scant keepe himselfe in the saddle and when he came neere vnto the Towne, his nose burst out suddenly a bleeding. We@U, to his Inne he came, and so heauy was his heart that he could eate no meat his Oast and Oastesse hearing he was so melancholy, came vp to cheare him, saying, Jesus Master Cole, what ayles you to night ? neuer did we see you thus sad before w@dl it please you to haue a quart of burnt sacke ? With a good will quoth he and would to God Tom Doue were here, he would surely make me merry, and we should lacke no musieke but I am sorry for the man with all my heart, that he is come so farre behind hand but alas, so much can euery man say, but what good doth it him ? No, no, it is not words can helpe a man in this case, the man had need of other reliefe then so. Let me see I haue but one child in the world, and that is my daughter, and halfe that I haue is hers, the other halfe my wifes. What then ? sha@U I be good to no body but them ? In conscience, my wealth is too much for a couple to pos sesse, and what is our Religion without charity ? And to whom is charity more to be shewne, then to decaid house-holders ? Good my Oast lend me a pen and inke, and some
[ GS_aligned] ############################# albeit that the next time that he came to London, his horse stumbled and broke one of his legs as he should ride homeward, yet hired he another to hasten his owne death for there is no remedy but he shoull goe to Colebrooke that night but by the way he was heauy asleepe, that he could scant keepe himselfe in the saddle and when he came neere vnto the Towne, his nose burst out suddenly a bleeding. Well, to his Inne he came, and so heauy was his heart that he could eate no meat his Oast and Oastesse hearing he was so melancholy, came vp to cheare him, saying, Jesus Master Cole, what ayles you to night ? neuer did we see you thus sad before will it please you to haue a quart of burnt sacke ? With a good will quoth he and would to God Tom Doue were here, he would surely make me merry, and we should lacke no musicke but I am sorry for the man with all my heart, that he is come so farre behind hand but alas, so much can euery man say, but what good doth it him ? No, no, it is not words can helpe a man in this case, the man had need of other reliefe then so. Let me see I haue but one child in the world, and that is my daughter, and halfe that I haue is hers, the other halfe my wifes. What then ? shall I be good to no body but them ? In conscience, my wealth is too much for a couple to pos-sesse, and what is our Religion without charity ? And to whom is charity more to be shewne, then to decaid house-holders ? Good my Oast lend me a pen and inke, and some