[OCR_toInput] OF THOMAS OF READING. 153 his necke, and straw trussed vnder his beUy, as the Ostlers had dressed him ore eue, he was gone out at the back-side, which led into a great field ioyning to the house, and so leaping diuers hedges, being a lustie stout horse, had got into a ground where a mare was grasing, with whom he kept such a code, that they got into the high-way, where one of the Towne meeting them, knew the mare, and brought her and the horse to the man that owd her. In the meane space, the Musicians had beene at the Inne, and in requitall of their euenings gift, they in tended to giue Cole some musicke in the morning. The good-man told them he tooke horse before day likewise there was a guest in the house that would haue bore him company to Reading, vnto whom the Oast also answered, that he himselfe set him vpon horsebaeke, and that he went long agoe. Anon came the man that owed the mare, mquiring vp and downe, to know and if none of them missed a horse, who said no. At the last hee came to the signe of the Crane where Cole lay and calling the Oastlers, he demanded of them if they lackt none, they said no Why then said the man, I perceiue my mare is good for something, for if I send her to field single, she wid come home double thus it passed on aU that day and the night foUowing. But the aext day after, Coles wife musing that her hus band came not home, sent one of her men on horse backe, to see if he could meete him and if quoth she you meet him not betwixt this and Colebrooke, aske for him at the Crane, but if you find him not there, then
[OCR_aligned] OF THOMAS OF READING. 153 his necke, and straw trussed vnder his be@Uy, as the Ostlers had dressed him ore eue, he was gone out at the back-side, which led into a great field ioyning to the house, and so leaping diuers hedges, being a lustie stout horse, had got into a ground where a mare was grasing, with whom he kept such a co@de, that they got into the high-way, where one of the Towne meeting them, knew the mare, and brought her and the horse to the man that owd her. In the meane space, the Musicians had beene at the Inne, and in requitall of their euenings gift, they in tended to giue Cole some musicke in the morning. The good-man told them he tooke horse before day likewise there was a guest in the house that would haue bore him company to Reading, vnto whom the Oast also answered, that he himselfe set him vpon horsebaeke, and that he went long agoe. Anon came the man that owed the mare, @mquiring vp and downe, to know and if none of them missed a horse, who said no. At the last hee came to the signe of the Crane where Cole lay and calling the Oastlers, he demanded of them if they lackt none, they said no Why then said the man, I perceiue my mare is good for something, for if I send her to field single, she wi@d come home double thus it passed on a@U that day and the night fo@Uowing. But the aext day after, Coles wife musing that her hus band came not home, sent one of her men on horse backe, to see if he could meete him and if quoth she you meet him not betwixt this and Colebrooke, aske for him at the Crane, but if you find him not there, then
[ GS_aligned] ############################# necke, and straw trussed vnder his belly, as the Ostlers had dressed him ore eue, he was gone out at the back-side, which led into a great field ioyning to the house, and so leaping diuers hedges, being a lustie stout horse, had got into a ground where a mare was grasing, with whom he kept such a coile, that they got into the high-way, where one of the Towne meeting them, knew the mare, and brought her and the horse to the man that owd her. In the meane space, the Musicians had beene at the Inne, and in requitall of their euenings gift, they in-tended to giue Cole some musicke in the morning. The good-man told them he tooke horse before day likewise there was a guest in the house that would haue bore him company to Reading, vnto whom the Oast also answered, that he himselfe set him vpon horsebacke, and that he went long agoe. Anon came the man that owed the mare, inquiring vp and downe, to know and if none of them missed a horse, who said no. At the last hee came to the signe of the Crane where Cole lay and calling the Oastlers, he demanded of them if they lackt none, they said no Why then said the man, I perceiue my mare is good for something, for if I send her to field single, she will come home double thus it passed on all that day and the night following. But the next day after, Coles wife musing that her hus-band came not home, sent one of her men on horse-backe, to see if he could meete him and if quoth she you meet him not betwixt this and Colebrooke, aske for him at the Crane, but if you find him not there, then