[OCR_toInput] 184 PREFACE. that what is reported of Gerbert should not seem wonderful to any person, which is, that he cast, for his own purposes, the bead of a statue, by a certain inspection of the stars when the planets were about to begin their courses, which spake not unless spoken to, but then pronounced the truth, either in the affir mative or negative. For instance when Gerbert would say, ' Shall I be pope ?' the statue would re ply ' Tes ?' ' Am I to die ere I sing mass at Jeru salem ?' 'No.' They relate that he was so much deceived by this ambiguity that he thought nothing of repen tance, for when would he think of going to Jerusalem to accelerate his own death. The Chronicler then tells that there is a Church at Rome caUed Jerusalem where the Pope sings mass on Three Sundays which are caUed The Station at Jerusalem, and then proceeds, wherefore upon one of these days Gerbert preparing himself for mass was suddenly struck with sickness, which increased so that he took to his bed and con sulting his statue he became convinced of his delusion and of his approaching death. Tepes also affirms that Henry de ViUeine made such a one at Madrid, which was afterwards broken to pieces by order of John the Second, King of Castile and upon numerous authorities, the same thing has been
[OCR_aligned] 184 PREFACE. that what is reported of Gerbert should not seem wonderful to any person, which is, that he cast, for his own purposes, the bead of a statue, by a certain inspection of the stars when the planets were about to begin their courses, which spake not unless spoken to, but then pronounced the truth, either in the affir mative or negative. For instance when Gerbert would say, ' Shall I be pope ?' the statue would re ply ' Tes ?' ' Am I to die ere I sing mass at Jeru salem ?' 'No.' They relate that he was so much deceived by this ambiguity that he thought nothing of repen tance, for when would he think of going to Jerusalem to accelerate his own death. The Chronicler then tells that there is a Church at Ro@me ca@Ued Jerusalem where the Pope sings mass on Three Sundays which are ca@Ued The Station at Jerusalem, and then proceeds, wherefore upon one of these days Gerbert preparing himself for mass was suddenly struck with sickness, which increased so that he took to his bed and con sulting his statue he became convinced of his delusion and of his approaching death. Tepes also affirms that Henry de Vi@Ueine made such a one at Madrid, which was afterwards broken to pieces by order of John the Second, King of Castile and upon numerous authorities, the same thing has been
[ GS_aligned] ################# what is reported of Gerbert should not seem wonderful to any person, which is, that he cast, for his own purposes, the head of a statue, by a certain inspection of the stars when the planets were about to begin their courses, which spake not unless spoken to, but then pronounced the truth, either in the affir-mative or negative. For instance when Gerbert would say, '@Shall I be pope ?' the statue would re-ply '@Yes ?' '@Am I to die ere I sing mass at Jeru-salem ?' 'No.' They relate that he was so much deceived by this ambiguity that he thought nothing of repen-tance, for when would he think of going to Jerusalem to accelerate his own death. The Chronicler then tells that there is a Church at Borne called Jerusalem where the Pope sings mass on Three Sundays which are called The Station at Jerusalem, and then proceeds, wherefore upon one of these days Gerbert preparing himself for mass was suddenly struck with sickness, which increased so that he took to his bed and con-sulting his statue he became convinced of his delusion and of his approaching death. Tepes also affirms that Henry de Villeine made such a one at Madrid, which was afterwards broken to pieces by order of John the Second, King of Castile and upon numerous authorities, the same thing has been