[OCR_toInput] 212 THE FAMOUS HISTORY many victories, he did beseige a strong towne and lay before it full three moneths, without doing to the towne any great damage, but rather received the hurt him selfe. This did so vexe the King, that he sought to take it in any way, either by policy or strength to this intent hee made proclamation, that whosoever could de liver this tovme into his hand, hee should have for his paines ten thousand crownes truely paid. This was proclaimed, but there was none found that would under take it. At length the newes did come into England of this great reward that was promised. Fryer Bacon hearing of it, went into France, and being admitted to the kings presence, hee thus spake unto him Your maiestie I am sure hath not quite forgot your poore sub ject Bacon, the love that you shewed to mee being last in your presence, hath drawn mee for to leave my countrey.and my studies, to doe your maiestis service I beseech your grace, to command mee so farre as my poore art or life may doe you pleasure. The king thanked him for his love, but told him, that hee had now more need of armes than art, and wanted brave souldiers more than learned schollers. Fryer Bacon answered, Tour grace saith well but let mee under correction teU you, that art oftentimes doth those things that are impossible to armes, which I wiU make good in some few examples. I wdl speak onely of things performed by art and nature, wherein shall be nothing magical and first by the figuration of art there may be made instruments of navigation without
[OCR_aligned] 212 THE FAMOUS HISTORY many victories, he did beseige a strong towne and lay before it full three moneths, without doing to the towne any great damage, but rather received the hurt him selfe. This did so vexe the King, that he sought to take it in any way, either by policy or strength to this intent hee made proclamation, that whosoever could de liver this tovme into his hand, hee should have for his paines ten thousand crownes truely paid. This was proclaimed, but there was none found that would under take it. At length the newes did come into England of this great reward that was promised. Fryer Bacon hearing of it, went into France, and being admitted to the kings presence, hee thus spake unto him Your maiestie I am sure hath not quite forgot your poore sub ject Bacon, the love that you shewed to mee being last in your presence, hath drawn mee for to leave my countrey@.and my studies, to doe your maiestis service I beseech your grace, to command mee so farre as my poore art or life may doe you pleasure. The king thanked him for his love, but told him, that hee had now more need of armes than art, and wanted brave souldiers more than learned schollers. Fryer Bacon answered, Tour grace saith well but let mee under correction te@U you, that art oftentimes doth those things that are impossible to armes, which I wi@U make good in some few examples. I w@dl speak onely of things performed by art and nature, wherein shall be nothing magical and first by the figuration of art@ there may be made instruments of navigation without
[ GS_aligned] ########################### victories, he did beseige a strong towne and lay before it full three moneths, without doing to the towne any great damage, but rather received the hurt him-selfe. This did so vexe the King, that he sought to take it in any way, either by policy or strength to this intent hee made proclamation, that whosoever could de-liver this towne into his hand, hee should have for his paines ten thousand crownes truely paid. This was proclaimed, but there was none found that would under-take it. At length the newes did come into England of this great reward that was promised. Fryer Bacon hearing of it, went into France, and being admitted to the kings presence, hee thus spake unto him Your maiestie I am sure hath not quite forgot your poore sub-ject Bacon, the love that you shewed to mee being last in your presence, hath drawn mee for to leave my countrey, and my studies, to doe your maiestis service I beseech your grace, to command mee so farre as my poore art or life may doe you pleasure. The king thanked him for his love, but told him, that hee had now more need of armes than art, and wanted brave souldiers more than learned schollers. Fryer Bacon answered, Your grace saith well but let mee under correction tell you, that art oftentimes doth those things that are impossible to armes, which I will make good in some few examples. I will speak onely of things performed by art and nature, wherein shall be nothing magical and first by the figuration of art, there may be made instruments of navigation without