[OCR_toInput] 215 OF FRIER BACON. The king aU this whde heard him with admiration but hearing him now, that hee would undertake to win the towne, hee burst out in these speeches mostlearned Bacon, doe but what thou hast said, and I wiU give thee what thou most desirest, either wealth, or honour, choose which thou wdt, and I wiU be as ready to per forme, as I have been to promise. Tour maiesties love is aU that I seeke said the fryer let mee have that, and I have honour enough, for wealth, I have content, the wise should seek no more but to the purpose. Let your pioniers raise up a mount so high, or rather higher than the wall, and then shaU you see some probabdity of that which I have promised. This mount in two days was raised then Fryer Bacon went with the king to the top of it, and did with a perspect shew to him the towne, as plainly as if hee had beene in it at this the king did wonder, but Fryer Bacon told him, that he should wonder more, ere next day noone against which time, he desired him to have his whole army in readinesse, for to scale the wall upon a signal given by him, from the mount. This the king promised to doe, and so returned to his tent full of joy, that he should gain this strong towne. In the morning Fryer Bacon went up to the mount and set his glasses, and other instruments up in the meane tune the king ordered his army, and stood in a readinesse for to give the assaults when the signal was given, which was the waving of a flagge ere nine of the clocke Fryer Bacon had burnt the state-house of the towne, with other
[OCR_aligned] 215 OF FRIER BACON. The king a@U this wh@de heard him with admiration but hearing him now, that hee would undertake to win the towne, hee burst out in these speeches mostlearned Bacon, doe but what thou hast said, and I wi@U give thee what thou most desirest, either wealth, or honour, choose which thou w@dt, and I wi@U be as ready to per forme, as I have been to promise. Tour maiesties love is a@U that I seeke said the fryer let mee have that, and I have honour enough, for wealth, I have content, the wise should seek no more but to the purpose. Let your pioniers raise up a mount so high, or rather higher than the wall, and then sha@U you see some probab@dity of that which I have promised. This mount in two days was raised then Fryer Bacon went with the king to the top of it, and did with a perspect shew to him the towne, as plainly as if hee had beene in it at this the king did wonder, but Fryer Bacon told him, that he should wonder more, ere next day noone against which time, he desired him to have his whole army in readinesse, for to scale the wall upon a signal given by him, from the mount. This the king promised to doe, and so returned to his tent full of joy, that he should gain this strong towne. In the morning Fryer Bacon went up to the mount and set his glasses, and other instruments up in the meane tune the king ordered his army, and stood in a readinesse for to give the assaults when the signal was given, which was the waving of a flagge ere nine of the clocke Fryer Bacon had burnt the state-house of the towne, with other
[ GS_aligned] ############################ all this while heard him with admiration but hearing him now, that hee would undertake to win the towne, hee burst out in these speeches mostlearned Bacon, doe but what thou hast said, and I will give thee what thou most desirest, either wealth, or honour, choose which thou wilt, and I will be as ready to per-forme, as I have been to promise. Your maiesties love is all that I seeke said the fryer let mee have that, and I have honour enough, for wealth, I have content, the wise should seek no more but to the purpose. Let your pioniers raise up a mount so high, or rather higher than the wall, and then shall you see some probability of that which I have promised. This mount in two days was raised then Fryer Bacon went with the king to the top of it, and did with a perspect shew to him the towne, as plainly as if hee had beene in it at this the king did wonder, but Fryer Bacon told him, that he should wonder more, ere next day noone against which time, he desired him to have his whole army in readinesse, for to scale the wall upon a signal given by him, from the mount. This the king promised to doe, and so returned to his tent full of joy, that he should gain this strong towne. In the morning Fryer Bacon went up to the mount and set his glasses, and other instruments up in the meane time the king ordered his army, and stood in a readinesse for to give the assaults when the signal was given, which was the waving of a flagge ere nine of the clocke Fryer Bacon had burnt the state-house of the towne, with other