[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 217 would shew him by a servant of his such wonderfuU things that his grace had never seene the like before. The king demanded of him of what nature those things were that hee would doe the ambassadour answered that they were things done by the art of magicke. The king hearing of this, sent straight for Fryer Bacon, who presently came, and brought Fryer Bungey with him. When the banquet was done, Vandermast did aske the king, if he desired to see the spirit of any man de ceased and if that hee did, bee would raise him in such manner and fashion as he was in when that he lived. The king told him, that above aU men he desired to see Pompey the Great, wrho could abide no equaU. Vander mast by his art raised him, armed in such manner as hee was when he was slaine at the battell of Pharsalia at this they were all highly contented. Fryer Bacon pre sently raised the ghost of Iidius Caesar, who could abide no superiour, and had slaine this Pompey at the battell of Pharsalia at the sight of him they were aU amazed, but the king who sent for Bacon and Vandermast said that there was some man of art in that presence, whom he desired to see. Fryer Bacon then shewed himselfe, saying it was I Vandermast, that raised Caesar, partly to give content to this royaU presence, but chiefely for to conquer thy Pompey, as he did once before, at that great battell of PharsaHa, which he now againe shaU doe. Then presently began a fight between Caesar and Pompey, which continued a good space, to the content of aU except Vandermast. At last Pompey was over-
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 217 would shew him by a servant of his such wonderfu@U things that his grace had never seene the like before. The king demanded of him of what nature those things were that hee would doe the ambassadour answered that they were things done by the art of magicke. The king hearing of this, sent straight for Fryer Bacon, who presently came, and brought Fryer Bungey with him. When the banquet was done, Vandermast did aske the king, if he desired to see the spirit of any man de ceased and if that hee did, bee would raise him in such manner and fashion as he was in when that he lived. The king told him, that above a@U men he desired to see Pompey the Great, wrho could abide no equa@U. Vander mast by his art raised him, armed in such manner as hee was when he was slaine at the battell of Pharsalia at this they were all highly contented. Fryer Bacon pre sently raised the ghost of Iidius Caesar, who could abide no superiour, and had slaine this Pompey at the battell of Pharsalia at the sight of him they were a@U amazed, but the king who sent for Bacon and Vandermast said that there was some man of art in that presence, whom he desired to see. Fryer Bacon then shewed himselfe, saying it was I Vandermast, that raised Caesar, partly to give content to this roya@U presence, but chiefely for to conquer thy Pompey, as he did once before, at that great battell of Pharsa@Ha, which he now againe sha@U doe. Then presently began a fight between Caesar and Pompey, which continued a good space, to the content of a@@U except Vandermast. At last Pompey was over-
[ GS_aligned] ######################### shew him by a servant of his such wonderfull things that his grace had never seene the like before. The king demanded of him of what nature those things were that hee would doe the ambassadour answered that they were things done by the art of magicke. The king hearing of this, sent straight for Fryer Bacon, who presently came, and brought Fryer Bungey with him. When the banquet was done, Vandermast did aske the king, if he desired to see the spirit of any man de-ceased and if that hee did, hee would raise him in such manner and fashion as he was in when that he lived. The king told him, that above all men he desired to see Pompey the Great, w@ho could abide no equall. Vander-mast by his art raised him, armed in such manner as hee was when he was slaine at the battell of Pharsalia at this they were all highly contented. Fryer Bacon pre-sently raised the ghost of Iulius Caesar, who could abide no superiour, and had slaine this Pompey at the battell of Pharsalia at the sight of him they were all amazed, but the king who sent for Bacon and Vandermast said that there was some man of art in that presence, whom he desired to see. Fryer Bacon then shewed himselfe, saying it was I Vandermast, that raised Caesar, partly to give content to this royall presence, but chiefely for to conquer thy Pompey, as he did once before, at that great battell of Pharsalia, which he now againe shall doe. Then presently began a fight between Caesar and Pompey, which continued a good space, to the content of all, except Vandermast. At last Pompey was over-