[OCR_toInput] 222 THE FAMOUS HISTORY Fryer Bacon seeing this, did give the iudgement on his side, for he loved his father best, and therefore had aU his lands and goods the other two brothers went away with shame for what they had done. This deed of Fryer Bacons was highly commended of all men for he did not onely give true judgement, but also saved much blood that would have beene shed, had they beeue suffered to have fought. How Fryer Bacon served the Theeves that robbed him, and of the sport that his man Miles had with them. It was reported about the countrey how that the king had given Fryer Bacon great store of treasure. The report of this wealth made three theeves plot to rob Fryer Bacons house, which they put in practise one evennig in this fashion. They knockt at the doore and were let in by Miles No sooner were they in, but they took hold of him, and led him into the house, and find-ing Fryer Bacon there, they told him that they came for some money, which they must and would have ere they departed from thence. He told them, that be was but ill stored with money at that time, and therefore desired them to forbeare him tdl some other time. They an-swered him againe, that they knewr that hee had enough, and therefore it was but foUy to delay them, but straight let them have it by faire means, or else they would use that extremitie to him that hee wouldbee loth to suffer. Hee seeing them so resolute, told them that they should have all that hee had, and gave to them one hundred pounds a man. Herewith they seemed content, and
[OCR_aligned] 222 THE FAMOUS HISTORY Fryer Bacon seeing this, did give the iudgement on his side, for he loved his father best, and therefore had a@U his lands and goods the other two brothers went away with shame for what they had done. This deed of Fryer Bacons was highly commended of all men for he did not onely give true judgement, but also saved much blood that would have beene shed, had they beeue suffered to have fought. How Fryer Bacon served the Theeves that robbed him, and of the sport that his man Miles had with them. It was reported about the countrey how that the king had given Fryer Bacon great store of treasure. The report of this wealth made three theeves plot to rob Fryer Bacons house, which they put in practise one evennig in this fashion. They knockt at the doore and were let in by Miles No sooner were they in, but they took hold of him, and led him into the house, and find-ing Fryer Bacon there, they told him that they came for some money, which they must and would have ere they departed from thence. He told them, that be was but ill stored with money at that time, and therefore desired them to forbeare him t@dl some other time. They an-swered him againe, that they knewr that hee had enough, and therefore it was but fo@Uy to delay them, but straight let them have it by faire means, or else they would use that extremitie to him that hee would@bee loth to suffer. Hee seeing them so resolute, told them that they should have all that hee had, and gave to them one hundred pounds a man. Herewith they seemed content, and
[ GS_aligned] ############################ Bacon seeing this, did give the iudgement on his side, for he loved his father best, and therefore had all his lands and goods the other two brothers went away with shame for what they had done. This deed of Fryer Bacons was highly commended of all men for he did not onely give true judgement, but also saved much blood that would have beene shed, had they beene suffered to have fought. How Fryer Bacon served the Theeves that robbed him, and of the sport that his man Miles had with them. IT was reported about the countrey how that the king had given Fryer Bacon great store of treasure. The report of this wealth made three theeves plot to rob Fryer Bacons house, which they put in practise one evening in this fashion. They knockt at the doore and were let in by Miles No sooner were they in, but they took hold of him, and led him into the house, and find-ing Fryer Bacon there, they told him that they came for some money, which they must and would have ere they departed from thence. He told them, that he was but ill stored with money at that time, and therefore desired them to forbeare him till some other time. They an-swered him againe, that they knew@ that hee had enough, and therefore it was but folly to delay them, but straight let them have it by faire means, or else they would use that extremitie to him that hee would bee loth to suffer. Hee seeing them so resolute, told them that they should have all that hee had, and gave to them one hundred pounds a man. Herewith they seemed content, and