[OCR_toInput] 226 THE FAMOUS HISTORY did foresee, was caused by the Germane coniurer Van dermast, for he vowed a revenge for the disgrace that he had received. To execute the same, bee hyred a Walloon souldier, and gave him one hundred crownes to do the same, fifty beforehand, and fifty when hee had kdled him. Fryer Bacon, to save himselfe from this danger that was like to happen to him would alwayes wrhen that he read, hold a ball of brasse in his hand, and under that ball would hee set a bason of brasse, that if hee did chance to sleepe in bis reading, the fall of the ball out of his hand into the bason, might wake him. Being one day in his study in this manner, and asleepe, the Walloon souldier was got in to him, and had drawne his sword to kiU him but as hee was ready for to strike, downe fell the ball out of Fryer Bacon's hand, and waked him. Hee seeing the souldier stand there with a sworddrawne, asked him what hee was ? and wherefore hee came there in that manner ? The souldier boldly answered him thus I am a WaUoon, and a souldier, and more then this, a villaine I am come hither, because I was sent I was sent, because I was hyred I was hyred, because I durst do it the thing I should doe, is not done the thing to be done, is to kdl thee thus have you heard what I am and why I came. Fryer Bacon wondered at this man's resolution then asked hee of him, who set him on worke to bee a murderer ? Hee boldly told him, Vandermast the Germane coniurer Fryer Bacon then asked him what religion he was of ? He answered, of
[OCR_aligned] 226 THE FAMOUS HISTORY did foresee, was caused by the Germane coniurer Van dermast, for he vowed a revenge for the disgrace that he had received. To execute the same, bee hyred a Walloon souldier, and gave him one hundred crownes to do the same, fifty beforehand, and fifty when hee had k@dled him. Fryer Bacon, to save himselfe from this danger that was like to happen to him would alwayes wrhen that he read, hold a ball of brasse in his hand, and under that ball would hee set a bason of brasse, that if hee did chance to sleepe in bis reading, the fall of the ball out of his hand into the bason, might wake him. Being one day in his study in this manner, and asleepe, the Walloon souldier was got in to him, and had drawne his sword to ki@U him but as hee was ready for to strike, downe fell the ball out of Fryer Bacon's hand, and waked him. Hee seeing the souldier stand there with a sword@drawne, asked him what hee was ? and wherefore hee came there in that manner ? The souldier boldly answered him thus I am a Wa@Uoon, and a souldier, and more then this, a villaine I am come hither, because I was sent I was sent, because I was hyred I was hyred, because I durst do it the thing I should doe, is not done the thing to be done, is to k@dl thee thus have you heard what I am and why I came. Fryer Bacon wondered at this man's resolution then asked hee of him, who set him on worke to bee a murderer ? Hee boldly told him, Vandermast the Germane coniurer Fryer Bacon then asked him what religion he was of ? He answered, of
[ GS_aligned] ########################## foresee, was caused by the Germane coniurer Van-dermast, for he vowed a revenge for the disgrace that he had received. To execute the same, hee hyred a Walloon souldier, and gave him one hundred crownes to do the same, fifty beforehand, and fifty when hee had killed him. Fryer Bacon, to save himselfe from this danger that was like to happen to him would alwayes w@hen that he read, hold a ball of brasse in his hand, and under that ball would hee set a bason of brasse, that if hee did chance to sleepe in his reading, the fall of the ball out of his hand into the bason, might wake him. Being one day in his study in this manner, and asleepe, the Walloon souldier was got in to him, and had drawne his sword to kill him but as hee was ready for to strike, downe fell the ball out of Fryer Bacon's hand, and waked him. Hee seeing the souldier stand there with a sword drawne, asked him what hee was ? and wherefore hee came there in that manner ? The souldier boldly answered him thus I am a Walloon, and a souldier, and more then this, a villaine I am come hither, because I was sent I was sent, because I was hyred I was hyred, because I durst do it the thing I should doe, is not done the thing to be done, is to kill thee thus have you heard what I am and why I came. Fryer Bacon wondered at this man's resolution then asked hee of him, who set him on worke to bee a murderer ? Hee boldly told him, Vandermast the Germane coniurer Fryer Bacon then asked him what religion he was of ? He answered, of