[OCR_toInput] 227 OF FRYER BACON. that which many doe professe, the chief principles of which were these to goe to an ale-house, and to a church with one devotion, to absteine from evil for want of action, and to doe good against their wills. It is a good profession for a devil said Fryer Bacon. Doest thou believe hell ? I believe no such thing, answered the souldier. Then will I shew thee the contrary, said the Fryer and presently raised the ghost of Iulian the Apostate, who came up with his body burning, and so full of wounds, that it almost did affright the souldier out of his wits. Then Bacon did command this spirit to speake, and to shew what hee was, and wherefore hee was thus tormented? Then spake hee to it in this man-ner I sometimes was a Roman Emperour some count greatnesse a happinesse I had happinesse beyond my empire,had I kept that, I badbeene a happyman would I had lost my empire when I lost that. I was a Chris-tian, that was my happiness but my selfe love and pride made me to fall from it for which I now am punished with never ceasing torments, which I must still endure the like which I enioy is now prepared for unbeleeviug wretches like myself, so vanished be away. AU this while the souldier stood quaking, and sweat as he had felt the torments bimselfe and falling downe on his knees desired Fryer Bacon to instruct him in a better course of life, then be had yet gone in. Fryer Bacon told him, that he should not want his helpe in any thing, which he performed, instructing him better then gave he him money, and sent him to the warres of the holy land, where he was slain.
[OCR_aligned] 227 OF FRYER BACON. that which many doe professe, the chief principles of which were these to goe to an ale-house, and to a church with one devotion, to absteine from evil for want of action, and to doe good against their wills. It is a good profession for a devil said Fryer Bacon. Doest thou believe hell ? I believe no such thing, answered the souldier. Then will I shew thee the contrary, said the Fryer and presently raised the ghost of Iulian the Apostate, who came up with his body burning, and so full of wounds, that it almost did affright the souldier out of his wits. Then Bacon did command this spirit to speake, and to shew what hee was, and wherefore hee was thus tormented@? Then spake hee to it in this man-ner I sometimes was a Roman Emperour some count greatnesse a happinesse I had happinesse beyond my empire,@had I kept that, I bad@beene a happy@man would I had lost my empire when I lost that. I was a Chris-tian, that was my happiness but my selfe love and pride made me to fall from it for which I now am punished with never ceasing torments, which I must still endure the like which I enioy is now prepared for unbeleeviug wretches like myself, so vanished be away. A@U this while the souldier stood quaking, and sweat as he had felt the torments bimselfe and falling downe on his knees desired Fryer Bacon to instruct him in a better course of life, then be had yet gone in. Fryer Bacon told him, that he should not want his helpe in any thing, which he performed, instructing him better then gave he him money, and sent him to the warres of the holy land, where he was slain.
[ GS_aligned] ############################## many doe professe, the chief principles of which were these to goe to an ale-house, and to a church with one devotion, to absteine from evil for want of action, and to doe good against their wills. It is a good profession for a devil said Fryer Bacon. Doest thou believe hell ? I believe no such thing, answered the souldier. Then will I shew thee the contrary, said the Fryer and presently raised the ghost of Iulian the Apostate, who came up with his body burning, and so full of wounds, that it almost did affright the souldier out of his wits. Then Bacon did command this spirit to speake, and to shew what hee was, and wherefore hee was thus tormented ? Then spate hee to it in this man-ner I sometimes was a Roman Emperour some count greatnesse a happinesse I had happinesse beyond my empire, had I kept that, I had beene a happy man would I had lost my empire when I lost that. I was a Chris-tian, that@was my happiness but my selfe love and pride made me to fall from it for which I now am punished with never ceasing torments, which I must still endure the like which I enioy is now prepared for unbeleeving wretches like myself, so vanished he away. All this while the souldier stood quaking, and sweat as he had felt the torments himselfe and falling downe on his knees desired Fryer Bacon to instruct him in a better course of life, then he had yet gone in. Fryer Bacon told him, that he should not want his helpe in any thing, which he performed, instructing him better then gave he him money, and sent him to the warres of the holy land, where he was slain.