[OCR_toInput] 236 THE FAMOUS HISTORY money if he could get her for him, either by his art, or counsell. Bungye being covetous told him, that there was no better way in his mind, than to get her with her father to go take the air in a coach and if hee could doe so, he would by his art so direct the horses, that they should come to an old ehappell, where hee would attend, and there they might secretly be married. The knight re warded him for his counsell, and told him, that if it tooke effect, he would be more bountifull unto him, and pre sently went to her father, and told him of this. Hee liked well of it, and forced the poore maid to ride with them. So soone as they were in the coach, the horses ran presently to the chappeU, where they found Fryer Bungye attending for them at the sight of the church and the priest, thepoore maid knew that she was betraid, so that for griefe shee feU in a swound to see which her father and the knight, were very much grieved, and used their best skill for her recovery. In this time, her best beloved, the gentleman, did come to her fathers to visit her, but finding her not there, and hearing that shee was gone with her father and the knight, he mistrusted some foul play and in all hast went to Fryer Bacon, and desired of him some help to recover his love againe, whom he feared was utterly lost. Fryer Bacon knowing him for a vertuous gentleman pittyed him and to give his griefes some release, shewed him a glasse, wherein any one might see any thing done
[OCR_aligned] 236 THE FAMOUS HISTORY money if he could get her for him, either by his art, or counsell. Bungye being covetous told him, that there was no better way in his mind, than to get her with her father to go take the air in a coach and if hee could doe so, he would by his art so direct the horses, that they should come to an old ehappell, where hee would attend, and there they might secretly be married. The knight re warded him for his counsell, and told him, that if it tooke effect, he would be more bountifull unto him, and pre sently went to her father, and told him of this. Hee liked well of it, and forced the poore maid to ride with them. So soone as they were in the coach, the horses ran presently to the chappe@U, where they found Fryer Bungye attending for them at the sight of the church and the priest, thepoore maid knew that she was betraid, so that for griefe shee fe@U in a swound to see which her father and the knight, were very much grieved, and used their best skill for her recovery. In this time, her best beloved, the gentleman, did come to her fathers to visit her, but finding her not there, and hearing that shee was gone with her father and the knight, he mistrusted some foul play and in all hast went to Fryer Bacon, and desired of him some help to recover his love againe, whom he feared was utterly lost. Fryer Bacon knowing him for a vertuous gentleman pittyed him and to give his griefes some release, shewed him a glasse, wherein any one might see any thing done
[ GS_aligned] ############################ if he could get her for him, either by his art, or counsell. Bungye being covetous told him, that there was no better way in his mind, than to get her with her father to go take the air in a coach and if hee could doe so, he would by his art so direct the horses, that they should come to an old chappell, where hee would attend, and there they might secretly be married. The knight re-warded him for his counsell, and told him, that if it tooke effect, he would be more bountifull unto him, and pre-sently went to her father, and told him of this. Hee liked well of it, and forced the poore maid to ride with them. So soone as they were in the coach, the horses ran presently to the chappell, where they found Fryer Bungye attending for them at the sight of the church and the priest, thepoore maid knew that she was betraid, so that for griefe shee fell in a swound to see which her father and the knight, were very much grieved, and used their best skill for her recovery. In this time, her best beloved, the gentleman, did come to her fathers to visit her, but finding her not there, and hearing that shee was gone with her father and the knight, he mistrusted some foul play and in all hast went to Fryer Bacon, and desired of him some help to recover his love againe, whom he feared was utterly lost. Fryer Bacon knowing him for a vertuous gentleman pittyed him and to give his griefes some release, shewed him a glasse, wherein any one might see any thing done