[OCR_toInput] OF FRYER BACON. 243 George, who fought with the dragon, and killed it Vandermast following his example raysed up Perseus, who fought also with his sea-monster, and kdled it, so were they both released from their danger. They being not contented with this tryall of their skill, went further in their coniurations, and raised up two spirits, each of them one. Bungye charged his spirit for to assist him with the greatest power hee had, that by it he might be able to overcome Vandermast. The Devdl told him he would, if that he from his left arme would give him but three drops of blood but if that he did deny him that, then should Vandermast have power over him to doe what he would the Hke told Vandermasts Devill to him to this demand of the spirits, they both agreed, thinking for to overcome each other but the Devill overthrew them both. They having given the Devill this bloud, as is before spoken of, they both fell againe to their coniurations first, Bungye did rayse Achilles with bis Greekes, who marched about Vandermast and threatned him. Then Vandermast raised Hector with his Troians, who defended him from AchiUes and the Greekes. Then began there a great batteU between the Greekes and Troians, which continued a good space at last Hector was slaine, and the Troians fled. Then did follow a great tempest, with thundring and lightning, so that the two coniurers wished that they had been away. But wishes were in vaine for now the time was come, that the Devill would be paid for the knowledge that he had
[OCR_aligned] OF FRYER BACON. 243 George, who fought with the dragon, and killed it Vandermast following his example raysed up Perseus, who fought also with his sea-monster, and k@dled it, so were they both released from their danger. They being not contented with this tryall of their skill, went further in their coniurations, and raised up two spirits, each of them one. Bungye charged his spirit for to assist him with the greatest power hee had, that by it he might be able to overcome Vandermast. The Dev@dl told him he would, if that he from his left arme would give him but three drops of blood but if that he did deny him that, then should Vandermast have power over him to doe what he would the @Hke told Vandermasts Devill to him to this demand of the spirits, they both agreed, thinking for to overcome each other but the Devill overthrew them both. They having given the Devill this bloud, as is before spoken of, they both fell againe to their coniurations first, Bungye did rayse Achilles with bis Greekes, who marched about Vandermast and threatned him. Then Vandermast raised Hector with his Troians, who defended him from Achi@Ues and the Greekes. Then began there a great batte@U between the Greekes and Troians, which continued a good space at last Hector was slaine, and the Troians fled. Then did follow a great tempest, with thundring and lightning, so that the two coniurers wished that they had been away. But wishes were in vaine for now the time was come, that the Devill would be paid for the knowledge that he had
[ GS_aligned] ########################### who fought with the dragon, and killed it Vandermast following his example raysed up Perseus, who fought also with his sea-monster, and killed it, so were they both released from their danger. They being not contented with this tryall of their skill, went further in their coniurations, and raised up two spirits, each of them one. Bungye charged his spirit for to assist him with the greatest power hee had, that by it he might be able to overcome Vandermast. The Devill told him he would, if that he from his left arme would give him but three drops of blood but if that he did deny him that, then should Vandermast have power over him to doe what he would the like told Vandermasts Devill to him to this demand of the spirits, they both agreed, thinking for to overcome each other but the Devill overthrew them both. They having given the Devill this bloud, as is before spoken of, they both fell againe to their coniurations first, Bungye did rayse Achilles with his Greekes, who marched about Vandermast and threatned him. Then Vandermast raised Hector with his Troians, who defended him from Achilles and the Greekes. Then began there a great battell between the Greekes and Troians, which continued a good space at last Hector was slaine, and the Troians fled. Then did follow a great tempest, with thundring and lightning, so that the two coniurers wished that they had been away. But wishes were in vaine for now the time was come, that the Devill would be paid for the knowledge that he had