[OCR_toInput] 246 THE FAMOUS HISTORY might behold any thing that he desired to see within the compasse of fifty miles round about him with this glasse he had pleasured divers kinds of people for fathers did oftentimes desire to see thereby how their children did, and children how their parents did one friend how another did and one enemy sometimes how his enemy did so that from far they would come to see this wonderfud glasse. It happened one day, that, there came to him two young gentlemen, that were countrey men, and neighbors chddren for to know of him by bis glasse, how their fathers did Hee being no niggard of his cunning, let them see his glasse, wherein they straight beheld their wishes, which they through their owne foUies bought at their lives losse, as you shaU heare. The fathers of these two gentlemen, in their sonnes absence were become great foes this hatred betweene them was growne to that height, that wheresoever they met, they had not onely wordes, but blowea. Just at that time, as it should seeme, that their sonnes were looking to see how they were in health, they were met, and had drawne, and were together by the eares. Their sonnes seeing this, and having been alwayes great friends, knew not what to say to one another, but beheld each other with angry lookes. At last, one of their fathers, as they might perceive in the glasse, had a faU, and the other taking advantage, stood over him ready to strike him. The sonne of him that was downe, could then containe himselfe no longer, but
[OCR_aligned] 246 THE FAMOUS HISTORY might behold any thing that he desired to see within the compasse of fifty miles round about him with this glasse he had pleasured divers kinds of people for fathers did oftentimes desire to see thereby how their children did, and children how their parents did one friend how another did and one enemy sometimes how his enemy did so that from far they would come to see this wonderfu@d glasse. It happened one day, that, there came to him two young gentlemen, that were countrey men, and neighbors ch@ddren for to know of him by bis glasse, how their fathers did Hee being no niggard of his cunning, let them see his glasse, wherein they straight beheld their wishes, which they through their owne fo@Uies bought at their lives losse, as you sha@U heare. The fathers of these two gentlemen, in their sonnes absence were become great foes this hatred betweene them was growne to that height, that wheresoever they met, they had not onely wordes, but blowea. Just at that time, as it should seeme, that their sonnes were looking to see how they were in health, they were met, and had drawne, and were together by the eares. Their sonnes seeing this, and having been alwayes great friends, knew not what to say to one another, but beheld each other with angry lookes. At last, one of their fathers, as they might perceive in the glasse, had a fa@U, and the other taking advantage, stood over him ready to strike him. The sonne of him that was downe, could then containe himselfe no longer, but
[ GS_aligned] ############################ behold any thing that he desired to see within the compasse of fifty miles round about him with this glasse he had pleasured divers kinds of people for fathers did oftentimes desire to see thereby how their children did, and children how their parents did one friend how another did and one enemy sometimes how his euemy did so that from far they would come to see this wonderfull glasse. It happened one day, that@ there came to him two young gentlemen, that were countrey men, and neighbors children for to know of him by his glasse, how their fathers did Hee being no niggard of his cunning, let them see his glasse, wherein they straight beheld their wishes, which they through their owne follies bought at their lives losse, as you shall heare. The fathers of these two gentlemen, in their sonnes absence were become great foes this hatred betweene them was growne to that height, that wheresoever they met, they had not onely wordes, but blowes. Just at that time, as it should seeme, that their sonnes were looking to see how they were in health, they were met, and had drawne, and were together by the eares. Their sonnes seeing this, and having been alwayes great friends, knew not what to say to one another, but beheld each other with angry lookes. At last, one of their fathers, as they might perceive in the glasse, had a fall, and the other taking advantage, stood over him ready to strike him. The sonne of him that was downe, could then containe himselfe no longer, but