[OCR_toInput] 264 A PLEASANT HISTORIE good and well disposed people, they spent in unthrifti nesse and rybauldry. And when the great prince of devils which are the patrones of aU vices understood of the great misrule and rile living of these religious men consulted to keepe them still in that state, and worse if it might be. And these be the names of the devils. Belphegor who was Prince of Gluttony, Asmodeus Prince of Lechery, and Belzebub Prince of Envie, with many other divels assembled together, which reioyced for the misorder of these religious men. And as they were all assembled together with one accord they chose a divell to goe and dwell among these religious men, for to maintaine them the longer in their ungracious living, which divell was put in rayment Hke an earthly crea ture, and went to a religious house, and there he stood at the gate a certaine space all alone with an heavie countenance. Then within a while after the Priour came unto the gate and espied Rush the young man standing there ad alone. Anon he said unto him, what dost thou here, and what wouldest thou have. The young man with great reverence answered and said Sir, I am a poore young man, and am out of service, and faine would have a maister. And sir if it please you to have me, I shall doe you diligent service, and shaddoe so well that you and all your brethren and covent shall be glad of me, for I shall keepe so weU your secrets, that I trust to obtaine at all times your good love and favour, and all theirs also. And when the Priour had heard his words, he was
[OCR_aligned] 264 A PLEASANT HISTORIE good and well disposed people, they spent in unthrifti nesse and rybauldry. And when the great prince of devils which are the patrones of a@U vices understood of the great misrule and rile living of these religious men consulted to keepe them still in that state, and worse if it might be. And these be the names of the devils. Belphegor who was Prince of Gluttony, Asmodeus Prince of Lechery, and Belzebub Prince of Envie, with many other divels assembled together, which reioyced for the misorder of these religious men. And as they were all assembled together with one accord they chose a divell to goe and dwell among these religious men, for to maintaine them the longer in their ungracious living, which divell was put in rayment @Hke an earthly crea ture, and went to a religious house, and there he stood at the gate a certaine space all alone with an heavie countenance. Then within a while after the Priour came unto the gate and espied Rush the young man standing there a@d alone. Anon he said unto him, what dost thou here, and what wouldest thou have. The young man with great reverence answered and said Sir, I am a poore young man, and am out of service, and faine would have a maister. And sir if it please you to have me, I shall doe you diligent service, and sha@ddoe so well that you and all your brethren and covent shall be glad of me, for I shall keepe so we@U your secrets, that I trust to obtaine at all times your good love and favour, and all theirs also. And when the Priour had heard his words, he was
[ GS_aligned] ############################ and well disposed people, they spent in unthrifti-nesse and rybauldry. And when the great prince of devils which are the patrones of all vices understood of the great misrule and vile living of these religious men consulted to keepe them still in that state, and worse if it might be. And these be the names of the devils. Belphegor who was Prince of Gluttony, Asmodeus Prince of Lechery, and Belzebub Prince of Envie, with many other divels assembled together, which reioyced for the misorder of these religious men. And as they were all assembled together with one accord they chose a divell to goe and dwell among these religious men, for to maintaine them the longer in their ungracious living, which divell was put in rayment like an earthly crea-ture, and went to a religious house, and there he stood at the gate a certaine space all alone with an heavie countenance. Then within a while after the Priour came unto the gate and espied Rush the young man standing there all alone. Anon he said unto him, what dost thou here, and what wouldest thou have. The young man with great reverence answered and said Sir, I am a poore young man, and am out of service, and faine would have a maister. And sir if it please you to have me, I shall doe you diligent service, and shalldoe so well that you and all your brethren and covent shall be glad of me, for I shall keepe so well your secrets, that I trust to obtaine at all times your good love and favour, and all theirs also. And when the Priour had heard his words, he was