[OCR_toInput] OF FRIER RUSH. 269 How Frier Rush threw the maister Cooke into a kettell of water seething upon the fire, wherein he died. It befeU upon a day that Rush went forth to sport him, and it was very late ere he came home againe, and the maister Cooke was very angry with him that hee was so long absent. And as soone as Rush was entred into the kitchin the Cooke began to chide, and said unto him, thou horson knave where hast thou beene so long and with a great staffe hee laid upon Rush and beat him sore. And when Rush saw that the Cooke was angry, and so farre out of reason, and that he had beaten him sore anon he began to waxe very angry with the maister Cooke, and said unto him thou horson vil laine, why hast thou beaten me thus I wdl be revenged on thee and suddainly he caught him in his armes, and threw him into a great ketteU which was full of water seething upon the fire, and said, lye thou there in the Divels name for now thou shalt neither fight nor chide no more with me and so Rush slew the maister Cooke. Then when hee had so done, hee departed out of the kitchin, and went to the next towne to fetch the faire woman againe for his maister and in his absence certaine of the friers came into the kitcbin to speake with Rush, but they found no body stirring therein, and some of them went to stand by the fires side, to tarie tdl Rush came in for they thought he would not tarie long. And as they stood taUring by the fires side, they spied a man in the ketteU seething upon the fire. And
[OCR_aligned] OF FRIER RUSH. 269 How Frier Rush threw the maister Cooke into a kettell of water seething upon the fire, wherein he died. It befe@U upon a day that Rush went forth to sport him, and it was very late ere he came home againe, and the maister Cooke was very angry with him that hee was so long absent. And as soone as Rush was entred into the kitchin the Cooke began to chide, and said unto him, thou horson knave where hast thou beene so long and with a great staffe hee laid upon Rush and beat him sore. And when Rush saw that the Cooke was angry, and so farre out of reason, and that he had beaten him sore anon he began to waxe very angry with the maister Cooke, and said unto him thou horson vil laine, why hast thou beaten me thus I w@dl be revenged on thee and suddainly he caught him in his armes, and threw him into a great kette@U which was full of water seething upon the fire, and said, lye thou there in the Divels name for now thou shalt neither fight nor chide no more with me and so Rush slew the maister Cooke. Then when hee had so done, hee departed out of the kitchin, and went to the next towne to fetch the faire woman againe for his maister and in his absence certaine of the friers came into the kitcbin to speake with Rush, but they found no body stirring therein, and some of them went to stand by the fires side, to tarie t@dl Rush came in for they thought he would not tarie long. And as they stood taUring by the fires side, they spied a man in the kette@U seething upon the fire. And
[ GS_aligned] ###################### Frier Rush threw the maister Cooke into a kettell of water seething upon the fire, wherein he died. IT befell upon a day that Rush went forth to sport him, and it was very late ere he came home againe, and the maister Cooke was very angry with him that hee was so long absent. And as soone as Rush was entred into the kitchin the Cooke began to chide, and said unto him, thou horson knave where hast thou beene so long and with a great staffe hee laid upon Rush and beat him sore. And when Rush saw that the Cooke was angry, and so farre out of reason, and that he had beaten him sore anon he began to waxe very angry with the maister Cooke, and said unto him thou horson vil-laine, why hast thou beaten me thus I will be revenged on thee and suddainly he caught him in his armes, and threw him into a great kettell which was full of water seething upon the fire, and said, lye thou there in the Divels name for now thou shalt neither fight nor chide no more with me and so Rush slew the maister Cooke. Then when hee had so done, hee departed out of the kitchin, and went to the next towne to fetch the faire woman againe for his maister and in his absence certaine of the friers came into the kitchin to speake with Rush, but they found no body stirring therein, and some of them went to stand by the fires side, to tarie till Rush came in for they thought he would not tarie long. And as they stood talking by the fires side, they spied a man in the kettell seething upon the fire. And