[OCR_toInput] 272 A PLEASANT HISTORIE then he had before. And as a king or a great prince prepareth ordinances against their warres, in likewise did Frier Rush for when all his businesse was done in the kitchin, and that be had leysure, he went and sate in the port of the utter gate, and there he was making of good bigge Truncheons of oke. And he made them with hilts over the hand for slipping, of the which the other Friers had great mervaile, and demanded of him wherefore he made those Truncheons. Rush answered and said Faire Sirs, I make them for this intent that if there come any theeves hither for to rob us, and to spoile our place, yet shaU we have weapons to defend uswithaU. And therefore I make them. And moreover, when any neede shall be, come to mee and every, man shall have one, and they shaU be ready at your com mandement, and then the Friers thanked him and so departed. Then it fortuned upon a day, that the Priour and Subpriour fell at discord, and wrere greevously angry, the one with the other, and woidd have fought together, but onely for shame neverthelesse, the anger abode stdl in their hearts, and aU was for an harlot within a whde after the noyse spread abroad among the Friers, that the Priour and the Subpriour were fallen at discord, for the which they were angry in their mindes. And they that loved the Priour, tooke his part, and they that loved the Subpriour, tooke bis part, and so they murmured among themselves. Then they ap pointed in their mindes to revenge their quarrels at one time or other, and so to make a more surer way in ful-
[OCR_aligned] 272 A PLEASANT HISTORIE then he had before. And as a king or a great prince prepareth ordinances against their warres, in likewise did Frier Rush for when all his businesse was done in the kitchin, and that be had leysure, he went and sate in the port of the utter gate, and there he was making of good bigge Truncheons of oke. And he made them with hilts over the hand for slipping, of the which the other Friers had great mervaile, and demanded of him wherefore he made those Truncheons. Rush answered and said Faire Sirs, I make them for this intent that if there come any theeves hither for to rob us, and to spoile our place, yet sha@U we have weapons to defend us@witha@U. And therefore I make them. And moreover, when any neede shall be, come to mee and every, man shall have one, and they sha@U be ready at your com mandement, and then the Friers thanked him and so departed. Then it fortuned upon a day, that the Priour and Subpriour fell at discord, and wrere greevously angry, the one with the other, and woidd have fought together, but onely for shame neverthelesse, the anger abode st@dl in their hearts, and a@U was for an harlot within a wh@de after the noyse spread abroad among the Friers, that the Priour and the Subpriour were fallen at discord, for the which they were angry in their mindes. And they that loved the Priour, tooke his part, and they that loved the Subpriour, tooke bis part, and so they murmured among themselves. Then they ap pointed in their mindes to revenge their quarrels at one time or other, and so to make a more surer way in ful-
[ GS_aligned] ############################ he had before. And as a king or a great prince prepareth ordinances against their warres, in likewise did Frier Rush for when all his businesse was done in the kitchin, and that he had leysure, he went and sate in the port of the utter gate, and there he was making of good bigge Truncheons of oke. And he made them with hilts over the hand for slipping, of the which the other Friers had great mervaile, and demanded of him wherefore he made those Truncheons. Rush answered and said Faire Sirs, I make them for this intent that if there come any theeves hither for to rob us, and to spoile our place, yet shall we have weapons to defend us withall. And therefore I make them. And moreover, when any neede shall be, come to mee and every@ man shall have one, and they shall be ready at your com-mandement, and then the Friers thanked him and so departed. Then it fortuned upon a day, that the Priour and Subpriour fell at discord, and w@ere greevously angry, the one with the other, and would have fought together, but onely for shame neverthelesse, the anger abode still in their hearts, and all was for an harlot within a while after the noyse spread abroad among the Friers, that the Priour and the Subpriour were fallen at discord, for the which they were angry in their mindes. And they that loved the Priour, tooke his part, and they that loved the Subpriour, tooke his part, and so they murmured among themselves. Then they ap-pointed in their mindes to revenge their quarrels at one time or other, and so to make a more surer way in ful-