[OCR_toInput] 277 OF FRIER RUSH. then he said to Rush, thou lew d fellow, what bast thou done to this waggon that I am thus arayed therein ? Rush answered and said sir, I have done nothing but as you commanded me. That is not, said the Priour, for I commaunded thee to take greace and grease but the wheeles and the axeltrees, and thou hast taken tarre and annointed it all over, both within and without. Why hast thou done so ? Sir said Rush, I understoode you bad me doe so. And when the Priour sawe there was no other remedie, he commanded his servants to makeready another waggon, and in the meane season, the Priour went into his chamber, and put on another babite, and came againe and mounted into the waggon and went their way, and so long they rode, that they came to their iourneyes end. And when they were alighted at their lodging, the Priour caUed for his supper, and anon every thing was made ready, and the good man of the house and the Priour sate downe to supper together, and made good cheere and then the Priour called for wine of the best, and anon he had his commandement. And when the good man of the house and the Priour had supped, Rush and bis fellowes sate downe to the rever sions that their maisters bad left, but they had no wine wherefore Rush was very sad, and ever he mused by what policie he might get some wine. And anon he called the wife of the house and said Mistresse, I pray you fill a pottle of wine for me and my fellowes, and so shee did and when that was gone, they caUed for another and then they called for the third, and so ended their
[OCR_aligned] 277 OF FRIER RUSH. then he said to Rush, thou lew d fellow, what bast thou done to this waggon that I am thus arayed therein ? Rush answered and said sir, I have done nothing but as you commanded me. That is not, said the Priour, for I commaunded thee to take greace and grease but the wheeles and the axeltrees, and thou hast taken tarre and annointed it all over, both within and without. Why hast thou done so ? Sir said Rush, I understoode you bad me doe so. And when the Priour sawe there was no other remedie, he commanded his servants to make@ready another waggon, and in the meane season, the Priour went into his chamber, and put on another babite, and came againe and mounted into the waggon and went their way, and so long they rode, that they came to their iourneyes end. And when they were alighted at their lodging, the Priour ca@Ued for his supper, and anon every thing was made ready, and the good man of the house and the Priour sate downe to supper together, and made good cheere and then the Priour called for wine of the best, and anon he had his commandement. And when the good man of the house and the Priour had supped, Rush and bis fellowes sate downe to the rever sions that their maisters bad left, but they had no wine wherefore Rush was very sad, and ever he mused by what policie he might get some wine. And anon he called the wife of the house and said Mistresse, I pray you fill a pottle of wine for me and my fellowes, and so shee did and when that was gone, they ca@Ued for another and then they called for the third, and so ended their
[ GS_aligned] ####################### he said to Rush, thou lew@d fellow, what hast thou done to this waggon that I am thus arayed therein ? Rush answered and said sir, I have done nothing but as you commanded me. That is not, said the Priour, for I commaunded thee to take greace and grease but the wheeles and the axeltrees, and thou hast taken tarre and annointed it all over, both within and without. Why hast thou done so ? Sir said Rush, I understoode you bad me doe so. And when the Priour sawe there was no other remedie, he commanded his servants to make ready another waggon, and in the meane season, the Priour went into his chamber, and put on another habite, and came againe and mounted into the waggon and went their way, and so long they rode, that they came to their iourneyes end. And when they were alighted at their lodging, the Priour called for his supper, and anon every thing was made ready, and the good man of the house and the Priour sate downe to supper together, and made good cheere and then the Priour called for wine of the best, and anon he had his commandement. And when the good man of the house and the Priour had supped, Rush and his fellowes sate downe to the rever-sions that their maisters had left, but they had no wine wherefore Rush was very sad, and ever he mused by what policie he might get some wine. And anon he called the wife of the house and said Mistresse, I pray you fill a pottle of wine for me and my fellowes, and so shee did and when that was gone, they called for another and then they called for the third, and so ended their