[OCR_toInput] OF FRIER RUSH. 285 it they would have spoyled the flesh so hee returned homeward againe, and ere hee came at the halfe way, the night was so darke that he could not see which way he went, and so hee went out of his way, and house could he finde none and at the last he came to an hoUow tree wherein he sate him downe, thinking there to take his rest aU night, and he bad not sitten there but a while, but anon there assembled a company of Derils, and among them they had a great prineipall maister whose name was Lucifer, and he was the first that spake and the first that was called was a Devill, named Belzabub, and with a loud voyce, he said unto him, Belzabub what hast thou done for us? Belza bub answered and said, Sir I have caused debate and strife to faU betweene brother and brother, insomuch the one hath slaine the other that is well done said the maister Devdl, thou shalt be weU rewarded for thy labour. Then foorth he caUed another DeviU, named Incubus, and demaunded of him what he had done ? Sir, said Incubus, I have caused great debate and strife to faU between two lords, through the which they have had great warres, and many men have beene slaine then said the maister Devdl, thou art a true servant to us, thou shalt be wed rewarded for thy great labour and paine. Then said the great maister unto another DeviU named Norpell, what hast thou done for us ? Sir, said Norpell, I have beene among players at the dice and cardes, and I have caused them to sweare many great oathes, and the one to flea the other and also I have
[OCR_aligned] OF FRIER RUSH. 285 it they would have spoyled the flesh so hee returned homeward againe, and ere hee came at the halfe way, the night was so darke that he could not see which way he went, and so hee went out of his way, and house could he finde none and at the last he came to an ho@Uow tree wherein he sate him downe, thinking there to take his rest a@U night, and he bad not sitten there but a while, but anon there assembled a company of Derils, and among them they had a great prineipall maister whose name was Lucifer, and he was the first that spake and the first that was called was a Devill, named Belzabub, and with a loud voyce, he said unto him, Belzabub what hast thou done for us@? Belza bub answered and said, Sir I have caused debate and strife to fa@U betweene brother and brother, insomuch the one hath slaine the other that is well done said the maister Dev@dl, thou shalt be we@U rewarded for thy labour. Then foorth he ca@Ued another Devi@U, named Incubus, and demaunded of him what he had done ? Sir, said Incubus, I have caused great debate and strife to fa@U between two lords, through the which they have had great warres, and many men have beene slaine then said the maister Dev@dl, thou art a true servant to us, thou shalt be we@d rewarded for thy great labour and paine. Then said the great maister unto another Devi@U named Norpell, what hast thou done for us ? Sir, said Norpell, I have beene among players at the dice and cardes, and I have caused them to sweare many great oathes, and the one to flea the other and also I have
[ GS_aligned] ##################### they would have spoyled the flesh so hee returned homeward againe, and ere hee came at the halfe way, the night was so darke that he could not see which way he went, and so hee went out of his way, and house could he finde none and at the last he came to an hollow tree wherein he sate him downe, thinking there to take his rest all night, and he had not sitten there but a while, but anon there assembled a company of Devils, and among them they had a great principall maister whose name was Lucifer, and he was the first that spake and the first that was called was a Devill, named Belzabub, and with a loud voyce, he said unto him, Belzabub what hast thou done for us ? Belza-bub answered and said, Sir I have caused debate and strife to fall betweene brother and brother, insomuch the one hath slaine the other that is well done said the maister Devill, thou shalt be well rewarded for thy labour. Then foorth he called another Devill, named Incubus, and demaunded of him what he had done ? Sir, said Incubus, I have caused great debate and strife to fall between two lords, through the which they have had great warres, and many men have beene slaine then said the maister Devill, thou art a true servant to us, thou shalt be well rewarded for thy great labour and paine. Then said the great maister unto another Devill named Norpell, what hast thou done for us ? Sir, said Norpell, I have beene among players at the dice and cardes, and I have caused them to sweare many great oathes, and the one to flea the other and also I have