[OCR_toInput] 291 OF FRIER RUSH. escaped that great misfortune. Then Rush desired the Priour licence to depart thence, and promised that he would never more come there, nor doe any man more hurt upon that condition the Priour gave him leave to depart. Thus Rush departed from the place, and the Friers went to their cloyster, and lived there solitarie and chast ever after, and served almightie God better than ever they did before. The Lamentation that Rush made when hee was de-parted out of the house of Religion. When Rush was banished out of the house of Religion, and was turned into the same likenesse that he was, then he wandred abroad in the worlde with an beavie heart, and these words he said Alas, alas, what shaU I doe, I wote not now whether to goe, for aU my seven yeres labour is lost. And as he wandred about, by fortune he met with his master Lucifer, but he would not have seene him by his wid nevertheles his maister espied him quickly, and said to him Rush what tydiugs with thee ? Sir said Rush, I have lost all my labour that I have gone about this vii. years. How so, saide his Maister ? Sir, I shaU shew you said Rush. The last time that we were assembled together, there was a poore man lay in an old tree hard beside us, and he heard all that we said and when we were departed, he arose and went unto the Priour and shewed him all that we saide, and specially the wordes that I had spoken, and so all my labour is lost, and I am banished that place.
[OCR_aligned] 291 OF FRIER RUSH. escaped that great misfortune. Then Rush desired the Priour licence to depart thence, and promised that he would never more come there, nor doe any man more hurt upon that condition the Priour gave him leave to depart. Thus Rush departed from the place, and the Friers went to their cloyster, and lived there solitarie and chast ever after, and served almightie God better than ever they did before. The Lamentation that Rush made when hee was de-parted out of the house of Religion. When Rush was banished out of the house of Religion, and was turned into the same likenesse that he was, then he wandred abroad in the worlde with an beavie heart, and these words he said Alas, alas, what sha@U I doe, I wote not now whether to goe, for a@U my seven yeres labour is lost. And as he wandred about, by fortune he met with his master Lucifer, but he would not have seene him by his wi@d nevertheles his maister espied him quickly, and said to him Rush what tydiugs with thee ? Sir said Rush, I have lost all my labour that I have gone about this vii. years. How so, saide his Maister ? Sir, I sha@U shew you said Rush. The last time that we were assembled together, there was a poore man lay in an old tree hard beside us, and he heard all that we said and when we were departed, he arose and went unto the Priour and shewed him all that we saide, and specially the wordes that I had spoken, and so all my labour is lost, and I am banished that place.
[ GS_aligned] ########################## that great misfortune. Then Rush desired the Priour licence to depart thence, and promised that he would never more come there, nor doe any man more hurt upon that condition the Priour gave him leave to depart. Thus Rush departed from the place, and the Friers went to their cloyster, and lived there solitarie and chast ever after, and served almightie God better than ever they did before. The Lamentation that Rush made when hee was de-parted out of the house of Religion. WHEN Rush was banished out of the house of Religion, and was turned into the same likenesse that he was, then he wandred abroad in the worlde with an heavie heart, and these words he said Alas, alas, what shall I doe, I wote not now whether to goe, for all my seven yeres labour is lost. And as he wandred about, by fortune he met with his master Lucifer, but he would not have seene him by his will nevertheles his maister espied him quickly, and said to him Rush what tydings with thee ? Sir said Rush, I have lost all my labour that I have gone about this vii. years. How so, saide his Maister ? Sir, I shall shew you said Rush. The last time that we were assembled together, there was a poore man lay in an old tree hard beside us, and he heard all that we said and when we were departed, he arose and went unto the Priour and shewed him all that we saide, and specially the wordes that I had spoken, and so all my labour is lost, and I am banished that place.