[OCR_toInput] 294 A PLEASANT HISTORIE what a vengance needest thou to take a servant ? thou art able inough thy selfe to doe all the busines that we have to doe, and why should we take more charge upon us then we are able to beare ? but I now perceive thou art given to lazines, and hast little minde to work thy selfe when the good man heard her so highly displeased, be said, dame, I pray thee be contented, the young man is honest, and he hath promised me to be a good ser vant yet for aU these speeches she would not be paci fyed, but brawled stiU when Rush perceived her great impaciencie, he said unto her, dame I pray you be con tented, and be not angry with me, for you shaU have no cause, my master hath hyred me but for a while, upon a tryall, and I trust, in that time, so to behave myselfe, as to give you both content and when my time commeth out, if you like my service you shall have it before any other whatsoever if not, I will be very well content to depart. When the wife heard Rush speake so resonably, she pacifyed her selfe, and said no more which caused the good man to be very glad, and so she set them to supper, and as they sate at meate, Rush demanded of bis master what he should doe the next day ? his master answered, thou must rise early and goe to the field, and make an end of that which I was about this day which was a great dayes worke so when they had supt they went to bed. Early in the morning Rush arose and went to the field, and wrought so lustily, that he had done his worke betimes for wrhen his master came to bring him his breakfast, all his worke was finished,
[OCR_aligned] 294 A PLEASANT HISTORIE what a vengance needest thou to take a servant ? thou art able inough thy selfe to doe all the busines that we have to doe, and why should we take more charge upon us then we are able to beare ? but I now perceive thou art given to lazines, and hast little minde to work thy selfe when the good man heard her so highly displeased, be said, dame, I pray thee be contented, the young man is honest, and he hath promised me to be a good ser vant yet for a@U these speeches she would not be paci fyed, but brawled sti@U when Rush perceived her great impaciencie, he said unto her, dame I pray you be con tented, and be not angry with me, for you sha@U have no cause, my master hath hyred me but for a while, upon a tryall, and I trust, in that time, so to behave myselfe, as to give you both content and when my time commeth out, if you like my service you shall have it before any other whatsoever if not, I will be very well content to depart. When the wife heard Rush speake so resonably, she pacifyed her selfe, and said no more which caused the good man to be very glad, and so she set them to supper, and as they sate at meate, Rush demanded of bis master what he should doe the next day ? his master answered, thou must rise early and goe to the field, and make an end of that which I was about this day which was a great dayes worke so when they had supt they went to bed. Early in the morning Rush arose and went to the field, and wrought so lustily, that he had done his worke betimes for wrhen his master came to bring him his breakfast, all his worke was finished,
[ GS_aligned] ############################ a vengance needest thou to take a servant ? thou art able inough thy selfe to doe all the busines that we have to doe, and why should we take more charge upon us then we are able to beare ? but I now perceive thou art given to lazines, and hast little minde to work thy selfe when the good man heard her so highly displeased, he said, dame, I pray thee be contented, the young man is honest, and he hath promised me to be a good ser-vant yet for all these speeches she would not be paci-fyed, but brawled still when Rush perceived her great impaciencie, he said unto her, dame I pray you be con-tented, and be not angry with me, for you shall have no cause, my master hath hyred me but for a while, upon a tryall, and I trust, in that time, so to behave myselfe, as to give you both content and when my time commeth out, if you like my service you shall have it before any other whatsoever if not, I will be very well content to depart. When the wife heard Rush speake so resonably, she pacifyed her selfe, and said no more which caused the good man to be very glad, and so she set them to supper, and as they sate at meate, Rush demanded of his master what he should doe the next day ? his master answered, thou must rise early and goe to the field, and make an end of that which I was about this day which was a great dayes worke so when they had supt they went to bed. Early in the morning Rush arose and went to the field, and wrought so lustily, that he had done his worke betimes for w@hen his master came to bring him his breakfast, all his worke was finished,