[OCR_toInput] 296 A PLEASANT HISTORIE so be walked homeward merrily and sung by the way. And when he approached neare the bouse he sang out very loude with that his dame looked out at the win dow, and perceived that it was her servant, shee said unto the Priest, alas, what shall we doe ? our servant is come home, and my husband will not be long after, and with that she thrust the meate into the oven, and all that was upon the table. Where shall I hyde me said the Priest ? Goe into the chamber, and creepe under the great chest among the olde shoone, and I shall cover you, and so he did. And when Rush was come into the house his dame asked him why he came home so soone ? Rush answered and said, I have done all my busines, and my master commaunded me to come home aud grease his shoone. Then he went into the chamber and looked under the chest, and there hee found the Priest, and he tooke him by the heeles and drew him out, and said, thou whoreson Priest, what doost thou heere ? With that, the Priest held up his hands and cryed him mercy, and desired him to save his honesty, and hee would never more come there and so Rush let him goe for that once. How Rush came home to make cleane the stable, and how hee found the Priest under the maunger covered with straw. Within a while after this foresaid Priest began to wax warme, and thought once againe to adventure himselfe and goe to the husbandman's bouse. When he
[OCR_aligned] 296 A PLEASANT HISTORIE so be walked homeward merrily and sung by the way. And when he approached neare the bouse he sang out very loude with that his dame looked out at the win dow, and perceived that it was her servant, shee said unto the Priest, alas, what shall we doe ? our servant is come home, and my husband will not be long after, and with that she thrust the meate into the oven, and all that was upon the table. Where shall I hyde me said the Priest ? Goe into the chamber, and creepe under the great chest among the olde shoone, and I shall cover you, and so he did. And when Rush was come into the house his dame asked him why he came home so soone ? Rush answered and said, I have done all my busines, and my master commaunded me to come home aud grease his shoone. Then he went into the chamber and looked under the chest, and there hee found the Priest, and he tooke him by the heeles and drew him out, and said, thou whoreson Priest, what doost thou heere ? With that, the Priest held up his hands and cryed him mercy, and desired him to save his honesty, and hee would never more come there and so Rush let him goe for that once. How Rush came home to make cleane the stable, and how hee found the Priest under the maunger covered with straw. Within a while after this foresaid Priest began to wax warme, and thought once againe to adventure himselfe and goe to the husbandman's bouse. When he
[ GS_aligned] ############################# walked homeward merrily and sung by the way. And when he approached neare the house he sang out very loude with that his dame looked out at the win-dow, and perceived that it was her servant, shee said unto the Priest, alas, what shall we doe ? our servant is come home, and my husband will not be long after, and with that she thrust the meate into the oven, and all that was upon the table. Where shall I hyde me said the Priest ? Goe into the chamber, and creepe under the great chest among the olde shoone, and I shall cover you, and so he did. And when Rush was come into the house his dame asked him why he came home so soone ? Rush answered and said, I have done all my busines, and my master commaunded me to come home and grease his shoone. Then he went into the chamber and looked under the chest, and there hee found the Priest, and he tooke him by the heeles and drew him out, and said, thou whoreson Priest, what doost thou heere ? With that, the Priest held up his hands and cryed him mercy, and desired him to save his honesty, and hee would never more come there and so Rush let him goe for that once. How Rush came home to make cleane the stable, and how hee found the Priest under the maunger covered with straw. WITHIN a while after this foresaid Priest began to wax warme, and thought once againe to adventure himselfe and goe to the husbandman's house. When he