[OCR_toInput] OF FRIER RUSH. 299 For when the goodman was come to the field, Rush had done all his business, then they sate downe, and brake their ftM with bread and cheese and as they sate eat-ing, Rush spyed a hayre in the cheese, and then he said to his master, I trow my dame would poyson us, or else she w-asheth not the basket that the cheese lyeth in, be-hold it is all fuU of haires, I wdl goe home and wash the basket and make it clean so leaving his master in the field and walking homeward, he sung merrily all the way. And when he approached neare the bouse, the wife knew his voyce and perceived that he was comming. Then wringing her hands she said unto the Priest, goe hyde you, or else you be but dead. Where shaU I hyde me said the priest ? Goe up into the chamber and leape into the basket that hangeth out at the window, and I shall caU you when he is gone againe. Then anon in came Rush and she asked him why he came home so soone ? then said Rush, I have done all my busines in the field, and my master hath sent me home to wash your cheese-basket, for it is fuU of haires, and so be went into the chamber, and with his knife he cut the rope that the basket hung by, and downe fell Priest and aU into a great poole of water that was under the window then went he into the stable for a horse and rode into the poole, and tooke the rope that hung at the basket, and tying it to the horses tayle, rode through the poole three or four times. Then he rode through the towne to cause the people to wonder at him, and so came home againe. And all this while he made as though he had
[OCR_aligned] OF FRIER RUSH. 299 For when the goodman was come to the field, Rush had done all his business, then they sate downe, and brake their f@tM with bread and cheese and as they sate eat-ing, Rush spyed a hayre in the cheese, and then he said to his master, I trow my dame would poyson us, or else she w-asheth not the basket that the cheese lyeth in, be-hold it is all fu@U of haires, I w@dl goe home and wash the basket and make it clean so leaving his master in the field and walking homeward, he sung merrily all the way. And when he approached neare the bouse, the wife knew his voyce and perceived that he was comming. Then wringing her hands she said unto the Priest, goe hyde you, or else you be but dead. Where sha@U I hyde me said the priest ? Goe up into the chamber and leape into the basket that hangeth out at the window, and I shall ca@U you when he is gone againe. Then anon in came Rush and she asked him why he came home so soone ? then said Rush, I have done all my busines in the field, and my master hath sent me home to wash your cheese-basket, for it is fu@U of haires, and so be went into the chamber, and with his knife he cut the rope that the basket hung by, and downe fell Priest and a@U into a great poole of water that was under the window then went he into the stable for a horse and rode into the poole, and tooke the rope that hung at the basket, and tying it to the horses tayle, rode through the poole three or four times. Then he rode through the towne to cause the people to wonder at him, and so came home againe. And all this while he made as though he had
[ GS_aligned] ###################### when the goodman was come to the field, Rush had done all his business, then they sate downe, and brake their fast with bread and cheese and as they sate eat-ing, Rush spyed a hayre in the cheese, and then he said to his master, I trow my dame would poyson us, or else she w@asheth not the basket that the cheese lyeth in, be-hold it is all full of haires, I will goe home and wash the basket and make it clean so leaving his master in the field and walking homeward, he sung merrily all the way. And when he approached neare the house, the wife knew his voyce and perceived that he was comming. Then wringing her hands she said unto the Priest, goe hyde you, or else you be but dead. Where shall I hyde me said the priest ? Goe up into the chamber and leape into the basket that hangeth out at the window, and I shall call you when he is gone againe. Then anon in came Rush and she asked him why he came home so soone ? then said Rush, I have done all my busines in the field, and my master hath sent me home to wash your cheese-basket, for it is full of haires, and so he went into the chamber, and with his knife he cut the rope that the basket hung by, and downe fell Priest and all into a great poole of water that was under the window then went he into the stable for a horse and rode into the poole, and tooke the rope that hung at the basket, and tying it to the horses tayle, rode through the poole three or four times. Then he rode through the towne to cause the people to wonder at him, and so came home againe. And all this while he made as though he had