[OCR_toInput] 301 OF FRIER RUSH. you to set me unto, and Rush is my name. Then said the Gentleman unto him Rush tarry heere with me, and I will retaine thee into my service. When Rush heard the Gentleman speake so, hee thanked him much and tarryed there. Then as the Gentleman and Rush went talkiug together, the Gentleman said unto him Rush thou hast travailed farre and gone through manv strange countries canst thou shew me where to fiude any man, can coniure a spirit out of a woman's body ? Sir, said Rush, why aske you me that question ? I shaU shew thee, said the Gentleman, I have a daughter which is a faire young woman, but she is sore troubled in he'r minde, and as I suppose shee hath some Divell within her body. Sir, said Rush, I pray you let me see her, and I trust speedily to finde remedy for her. Then the Gentleman brought Rush into the place and shewed him his daughter. And when he saw her he knew what she had within her body Anon he said unto the Gentleman, sir there is remedy enough for this. Well said the Gen tleman, if thou canst finde me any that can helpe her thereof, I wdl reward him weU for his labour, and thee also. Sir, I wiU shew you what is to be done, there is a place of religion a forty or fifty mdes hence, wherein I was a servant a long time, and the Priour is a cunning man in that science and I doubt not, but if he were heere even now she should be holpeu within this houre. When the Gentleman heard the words of Rush, he re joyced in his heart and was full glad of that good tydings. And on the morrow after, the Gentleman sent his servant
[OCR_aligned] 301 OF FRIER RUSH. you to set me unto, and Rush is my name. Then said the Gentleman unto him Rush tarry heere with me, and I will retaine thee into my service. When Rush heard the Gentleman speake so, hee thanked him much and tarryed there. Then as the Gentleman and Rush went talkiug together, the Gentleman said unto him Rush thou hast travailed farre and gone through manv strange countries canst thou shew me where to fiude any man, can coniure a spirit out of a woman's body ? Sir, said Rush, why aske you me that question ? I sha@U shew thee, said the Gentleman, I have a daughter which is a faire young woman, but she is sore troubled in he'r minde, and as I suppose shee hath some Divell within her body. Sir, said Rush, I pray you let me see her, and I trust speedily to finde remedy for her. Then the Gentleman brought Rush into the place and shewed him his daughter. And when he saw her he knew what she had within her body Anon he said unto the Gentleman, sir there is remedy enough for this. Well said the Gen tleman, if thou canst finde me any that can helpe her thereof, I w@dl reward him we@U for his labour, and thee also. Sir, I wi@U shew you what is to be done, there is a place of religion a forty or fifty m@des hence, wherein I was a servant a long time, and the Priour is a cunning man in that science and I doubt not, but if he were heere even now she should be holpeu within this houre. When the Gentleman heard the words of Rush, he re joy@ced in his heart and was full glad of that good tydings. And on the morrow after, the Gentleman sent his servant
[ GS_aligned] ###################### to set me unto, and Rush is my name. Then said the Gentleman unto him Rush tarry heere with me, and I will retaine thee into my service. When Rush heard the Gentleman speake so, hee thanked him much and tarryed there. Then as the Gentleman and Rush went talkiug together, the Gentleman said unto him Rush thou hast travailed farre and gone through many strange countries canst thou shew me where to finde any man, can coniure a spirit out of a woman's body ? Sir, said Rush, why aske you me that question ? I shall shew thee, said the Gentleman, I have a daughter which is a faire young woman, but she is sore troubled in he@r minde, and as I suppose shee hath some Divell within her body. Sir, said Rush, I pray you let me see her, and I trust speedily to finde remedy for her. Then the Gentleman brought Rush into the place and shewed him his daughter. And when he saw her he knew what she had within her body Anon he said unto the Gentleman, sir there is remedy enough for this. Well said the Gen-tleman, if thou canst finde me any that can helpe her thereof, I will reward him well for his labour, and thee also. Sir, I will shew you what is to be done, there is a place of religion a forty or fifty miles hence, wherein I was a servant a long time, and the Priour is a cunning man in that science and I doubt not, but if he were heere even now she should be holpen within this houre. When the Gentleman heard the words of Rush, he re-joy ced in his heart and was full glad of that good tydings. And on the morrow after, the Gentleman sent his servant