[OCR_toInput] OF FRIER RUSH. 303 his daughter before the Priour and when she was come into his presence, he commanded her to kneele downe upon her knees, and also he commanded her father and her mother, and aU the company that were there present, in likewise to kneele upon their knees, and pray unto almighty God for the young Gentlewoman. And then he himselfe said certaine prayers over her then he lifted up his hand and blessed her, and incontinent there flew a great Devill out of her mouth. And the Priour bound the DeviU so, that never after he came there. Thus was the young Gentlewoman restored to her right minde and health againe. Then the Gentleman would have given to the Priour a great summe of money for his labour, but he would take none, but said unto the Gen tleman Sir, I have a new church in budding, and I lacke lead to cover the roofe and as it is informed me, this is a plentifuU countrey thereof. Wherefore sir, if it wdl please you to give me asmuch as shaU serve me I and my brethern shall bee your daylybeadsmen, and you shall be prayed for as long as the world endureth. Tee shaU have as much as shall serve you, said the Gentle-man But how wiU you doe for the carriage ? WeU inough said the Priour. Then the Gentleman brought him to a great heape of lead, and bad him take asmuch as would serve him. Presently the Priour caUed foorth Rush and commanded him to take on his necke so much lead as would cover his church, and bear it home, and come againe quickly. So Rush tooke the lead on his necke at once and carryed it home, and be was there
[OCR_aligned] OF FRIER RUSH. 303 his daughter before the Priour and when she was come into his presence, he commanded her to kneele downe upon her knees, and also he commanded her father and her mother, and a@U the company that were there present, in likewise to kneele upon their knees, and pray unto almighty God for the young Gentlewoman. And then he himselfe said certaine prayers over her then he lifted up his hand and blessed her, and incontinent there flew a great Devill out of her mouth. And the Priour bound the Devi@U so, that never after he came there. Thus was the young Gentlewoman restored to her right minde and health againe. Then the Gentleman would have given to the Priour a great summe of money for his labour, but he would take none, but said unto the Gen tleman Sir, I have a new church in bu@dding, and I lacke lead to cover the roofe and as it is informed me, this is a plentifu@U countrey thereof. Wherefore sir, if it w@dl please you to give me asmuch as sha@U serve me I and my brethern shall bee your daylybeadsmen, and you shall be prayed for as long as the world endureth. Tee sha@U have as much as shall serve you, said the Gentle-man But how wi@U you doe for the carriage ? We@U inough said the Priour. Then the Gentleman brought him to a great heape of lead, and bad him take asmuch as would serve him. Presently the Priour ca@Ued foorth Rush and commanded him to take on his necke so much lead as would cover his church, and bear it home, and come againe quickly. So Rush tooke the lead on his necke at once and carryed it home, and be was there
[ GS_aligned] ###################### daughter before the Priour and when she was come into his presence, he commanded her to kneele downe upon her knees, and also he commanded her father and her mother, and all the company that were there present, in likewise to kneele upon their knees, and pray unto almighty God for the young Gentlewoman. And then he himselfe said certaine prayers over her then he lifted up his hand and blessed her, and incontinent there flew a great Devill out of her mouth. And the Priour bound the Devill so, that never after he came there. Thus was the young Gentlewoman restored to her right minde and health againe. Then the Gentleman would have given to the Priour a great summe of money for his labour, but he would take none, but said unto the Gen-tleman Sir, I have a new church in building, and I lacke lead to cover the roofe and as it is informed me, this is a plentifull countrey thereof. Wherefore sir, if it will please you to give me asmuch as shall serve me I and my brethern shall bee your daylybeadsmen, and you shall be prayed for as long as the world endureth. Tee shall have as much as shall serve you, said the Gentle-man But how will you doe for the carriage ? Well inough said the Priour. Then the Gentleman brought him to a great heape of lead, and bad him take asmuch as would serve him. Presently the Priour called foorth Rush and commanded him to take on his necke so much lead as would cover his church, and bear it home, and come againe quickly. So Rush tooke the lead on his necke at once and carryed it home, and he was there