[OCR_toInput] NATTALI AND BOND. 3 Coopers Groups of Cattle, drawn from Nature, 26 large and beautifid lithographic engravings, royal folio, half bound morocco, uncut, pub. at £4. 4s £2. 16s Cluttons Henry Illustrations of Mediaeval Architecture in France, from the Accession of Charles VI. to the Demise of Louis XII. with Historical and Profes-sional Remarks, l i beautiful lithographic engravings, exe-cuted in coloured tints, and 28 woodcuts, folio, half bound morocco, uncut, pub. at £3. 3s £1. 1 Is 6rf 1853 It is more particularly the object of the present work to draw the attention of English Architects and Antiquarians to a phase of Mediaeval Art wholly distinct from anything to be found in this country, and to point out from the published examples, certain principles in its construc-tion and details, which may, perhaps, be advantageously adopted in modern practice. At the same time historical notices have been intro-duced, together with much antiquarian information, illustrative of the Domestic Life of the 15th Century, derived from a careful comparison of the works of the Chroniclers, with the remains of the edifices of that period. Cuitt's Geo. Wanderings and Pencilling s amongst Buins of the Olden Time, in England and Wales. A Series of Seventy-three Etchings in the style of Piranesi , with descriptive letterpress, Archaeological, Legendary, and Architectural, Seventy-three plates, folio, half bound morocco extra, gilt edges, £3. 13s 6rf These Plates are etched with great freedom, and will remind the spectator of them, or reader of the book, of the Etchings of Rome pi Piranesi , to which they come nearer than any modern work of British Art of a similar class. Etching represents rugged grandeur, decay, dilapidation, and ruin admirably well, and has been happily chosen by the artist to depict what he had seen. The letterpress is well written, and the work is an addition to the Fine Arts, and the knowledge of the antiquary. - Times. D'Aubigne's J. H. Merle History of the Great Beformation of the Sixteenth Century in Germany, Switzerland, France, -c. translated by D. Walther, 4 vols. 8vo. best edition, cloth, pub. at £2. 5s £1. 12s Another copy, 4 vols. 8vo. calf extra, marbled edges, £2. 6s Flaxmans Compositions from Dante. One Hundred and Eleven Plates in Outline, oblong 4to. half bound morocco, pub. at £4. 4s £2. 2s The designs of Mr. Flaxman are the noblest productions of art, and frequently display a sublime simplicity which is worthy of his great original. Indeed, he who is so able to transfer such creations from one fine art to another, seems of a mind little inferior to his who could first conceive them. To borrow the words of an excellent Italian sculptor -Mr. Flaxman has translated Dante best, for he has translated it into the universal language of Nature. Flaxmans Anatomical Studies, of the Bones and Muscles, for the use of Artists, Portrait and 21 Plates by Landseer, folio, cloth, £1. Is
[OCR_aligned] NATTALI AND BOND. 3 Coopers Groups of Cattle, drawn from Nature, 26 large and beautifid lithographic engravings, royal folio, half bound morocco, uncut, pub. at £4. 4s £2. 16s Clutton@s Henry Illustrations of Mediaeval Architecture in France, from the Accession of Charles VI. to the Demise of Louis XII. with Historical and Profes-sional Remarks, l i beautiful lithographic engravings, exe-cuted in coloured tints, and 28 woodcuts, folio, half bound morocco, uncut, pub. at £3. 3s £1. 1 Is 6rf 1853 It is more particularly the object of the present work to draw the attention of English Architects and Antiquarians to a phase of Mediaeval Art wholly distinct from anything to be found in this country, and to point out from the published examples, certain principles in its construc-tion and details, which may, perhaps, be advantageously adopted in modern practice. At the same time historical notices have been intro-duced, together with much antiquarian information, illustrative of the Domestic Life of the 15th Century, derived from a careful comparison of the works of the Chroniclers, with the remains of the edifices of that period. Cuitt's Geo. Wanderings and Pencilling s amongst Buins of the Olden Time, in England and Wales. A Series of Seventy-three Etchings in the style of Piranesi , with descriptive letterpress, Archaeological, Legendary, and Architectural, Seventy-three plates, folio, half bound morocco extra, gilt edges, £3. 13s 6rf These Plates are etched with great freedom, and will remind the spectator of them, or reader of the book, of the Etchings of Rome pi Piranesi , to which they come nearer than any modern work of British Art of a similar class. Etching represents rugged grandeur, decay, dilapidation, and ruin admirably well, and has been happily chosen by the artist to depict what he had seen. The letterpress is well written, and the work is an addition to the Fine Arts, and the knowledge of the antiquary. - Times. D'Aubigne's J. H. Merle History of the Great Beformation of the Sixteenth Century in Germany, Switzerland, France, -c. translated by D. Walther, 4 vols. 8vo. best edition, cloth, pub. at £2. 5s £1. 12s @Another copy, 4 vols. 8vo. calf extra, marbled edges, £2. 6s Flaxman@s Compositions from Dante. One Hundred and Eleven Plates in Outline, oblong 4to. half bound morocco, pub. at £4. 4s £2. 2s The designs of Mr. Flaxman are the noblest productions of art, and frequently display a sublime simplicity which is worthy of his great original. Indeed, he who is so able to transfer such creations from one fine art to another, seems of a mind little inferior to his who could first conceive them. To borrow the words of an excellent Italian sculptor -Mr. Flaxman has translated Dante best, for he has translated it into the universal language of Nature. Flaxman@s Anatomical Studies, of the Bones and Muscles, for the use of Artists, Portrait and 21 Plates by Landseer, folio, cloth, £1. Is
[ GS_aligned] ########################### Groups of Cattle, drawn from Nature, 26 large and beautiful lithographic engravings, royal folio, half bound morocco, uncut, pub. at £4. 4s £2. 16s Clutton's Henry Illustrations of Medioeval Architecture in France, from the Accession of Charles VI. to the Demise of Louis XII. with Historical and Profes-sional Remarks, @16 beautiful lithographic engravings, exe-cuted in coloured tints, and 28 woodcuts, folio, half bound morocco, uncut, pub. at £3. 3s £1. #### 6@d 1853 It is more particularly the object of the present work to draw the attention of English Architects and Antiquarians to a phase of Mediaeval Art wholly distinct from anything to be found in this country, and to point out from the published examples, certain principles in its construc-tion and details, which may, perhaps, be advantageously adopted in modern practice. At the same time historical notices have been intro-duced, together with much antiquarian information, illustrative of the Domestic Life of the 15th Century, derived from a careful comparison of the works of the Chroniclers, with the remains of the edifices of that period. Cuitt's Geo. Wanderings and Pencilling@s amongst Ruins of the Olden Time, in England and Wales. A Series of Seventy-three Etchings in the style of Piranesi , with descriptive letterpress, Archaeological, Legendary, and Architectural, Seventy-three plates, folio, half bound morocco extra, gilt edges, £3. 13s 6@d These Plates are etched with great freedom, and will remind the spectator of them, or reader of the book, of the Etchings of Rome by Piranesi , to which they come nearer than any modern work of British Art of a similar class. Etching represents rugged grandeur, decay, dilapidation, and ruin admirably well, and has been happily chosen by the artist to depict what he had seen. The letterpress is well written, and the work is an addition to the Fine Arts, and the knowledge of the antiquary. -@TIMES. D'Aubigne's J. H. Merle History of the Great Reformation of the Sixteenth Century in Germany, Switzerland, France, @c. translated by D. Walther, 4 vols. 8vo. ############# cloth, pub. at £2. 5s £1. 12s -Another copy, 4 vols. 8vo. calf extra, marbled edges, £2. 6s Flaxman's Compositions from Dante. One Hundred and Eleven Plates in Outline, oblong 4to. half bound morocco, pub. at £4. 4s £2. 2s The designs of Mr. Flaxman are the noblest productions of art, and frequently display a sublime simplicity which is worthy of his great original. Indeed, he who is so able to transfer such creations from one fine art to another, seems of a mind little inferior to his who could first conceive them. To borrow the words of an excellent Italian sculptor- Mr. Flaxman has translated Dante best, for he has translated it into the universal language of Nature. Flaxman's Anatomical Studies, of the Bones and Muscles, for the use of Artists, Portrait and 21 Plates by Landseer, folio, cloth, £1. ##