[OCR_toInput] SHAKSPEARE. DRAMATI C WORKS VOL. II. THE 0F SHAKSPEARE FOR JOHN AND JOSIAH BOYDELL, GEORGE AND W. NICOL t'ROM THE TYPES OF W. MARTIN. DRAMATIC BY GEORGE STEEVENS. PRINTED BY W. BULMER AND GO. ~aït~MM ~intittj~~c~ VOL. IL LONDON 0F REVISED MDCCCII. THE ORKS 1 M 9AOE~r OF ERRORS y . j' PERSOGaoler, C~C~, and other Attendants. Scene, ~M~. COMEDY OF ERRORS ~CT jr ~c~~jE A HALL IN THE DUKE'S PALACE. Enter J~M~ Gaoler, Q~c~~ and other Attendants. ~ËGEON. PROCEED, Solinus, to procure my fall, And, by the doom of death, end woes and ail. j0M~. Merchant of Syracusa, plead no more 1 am not partial, to infringe our laws The enmity and discord, which of late Sprung from the rancorous outrage of your duke To merchants, our well-dealing countrymen, Who, wanting gilders to redeem their lives, Have seaFd his rigorous statutes with their bloods,-Excludes ail pity from our threat'ning looks. For, since the mortal and intestine jars 'Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us, It hath in solemn synods been decreed, Both by the Syracusans and ourselves, To admit no trafRc to our adverse towns Nay, more, If any, born at Ephesus, be seen At any Syracusan marts and fairs, Again, If any Syracusan born, Come to the bay of Ephesus, he dies, Mis goods confiscate to the duke's dispose Uniefs a thousand marks be levied, To quit the penalty, and to ransome him. Thy substance, valued at the highest rate, Cannot amount unto a hundred marks Therefore, by law thou art condemn'd to die. J~~yz. Yet this my comfort when your words are done, My woes end likewise with the evening sun. Z~ Well, Syracusan, say, in brief, the cause Why thou departedst from thy native home And for what cause thou cam'st to Ephesus. ~Es~z. A heavier task could not have been impos'd, Than 1 to speak my griefs unspeakable Yet, that the world may witnefs, that my end Was wrought by nature, not by vile offence, l'Il utter what my sorrow gives me leave. In Syracusa wasi born and wed Unto a woman, happy but for me, And by me too, had not our hap been bad. With her 1 liv'd in joy our wealth increas'd, By prosperous voyages 1 often made To Epidamnum, till my factor's death And he, great care of goods at random left, Drew me from kind embracements of my spouse From whom my absence was not six months old, Before herself almost at fainting, under Thé pleasing punishment that women bear, Had made provision for her following me, And soon, and safe, arrived where 1 was. There she had not been long, but she became A joyful mother of two goodly sons And, which was strange, the one so like the other, As could not be distinguish'd but by names. That very hour, and in the selfsame inn, A poor mean woman was delivered Of such a burden, male twins, both alike Those, for their parents were exceeding poor, 1 bought, and brought up to attend my sons. My wife, not meanly proud of two such boys, Made daily motions for our home return Unwilling 1 agreed alas, too soon. We came aboard A league from Epidamnum had we sail' d, Before the always-wind-obeying deep Gave any tragic instance of our harm But longer did we not retain much hope For what obscured light the heavens did grant Did but convey unto our fearful minds A doubtful warrant of immediate death Which, though myself would gladly have embrac'd, Yet the incefsant weepings of my wife, Weeping before for what she saw must corne, And piteous plainings of the pretty babes, That mourn'd for fashion, ignorant what to fear, Forc~d me to seek delays for them and me. And this it was,-for other means was none.-The sailors sought for safety by our boat, And left the ship, then sinking-ripe, to us My wife, more careful for the latter-born, Had fasten'd him unto a small spare mast, Such as seafaring men provide for storms To him one of the other twins was bound, Whilst 1 had been like heedful of the other. The children thus dispos'd, my wife and I, Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fix~d, Fasten'd ourselves at either end the mast And floating straight, obedient to the stream, Were carried towards Corinth, as we thought. At length the sun, gazing upon the earth, Dispers'd those vapours that offended us And, by the benefit of his wish'd light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us, Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this But ère they came,-0, let me say no more! Gather the sequel by that went before. Duhe. Nay, forward, old man, do not break off so For we may pity, though not pardon thee. J~ 0, had the gods done so, 1 had not now Worthily term'd them mercilefs to us For, ere the ships could meet by twice five leagues, We were encounter'd by a mighty rock Which being violently borne upon, Our helpful ship was splitted in the midst, So that, in this unjust divorce of us, Fortune had left to both of us alike What to delight in, what to sorrow for. Her part, poor soul seeming as burdened With lefser weight, but not with lefser woe, Was carried with more speed before thé wind And in our sight they three were taken up By fishermen of Corinth, as we thought. At length, another ship had seiz'd on us~ And, knowing whom it was their hap to save, Gave helpful welcome to their shipwreck'd guests And would have reft the fishers of their prey, Had not their bark been very slow of sail, And therefore homeward did they bend their course.-Thus have you heard me sever'd from my blifs That by misfortunes was my life prolong'd, To tell sad stories of my own mishaps. Z~M~. And, for the sake of them thou sorrowest for, Do me the favour to dilate at full What hath befall'n of them, and thee, till now. J?g~ My youngest boy, and yet my eldest care, At eighteen years became inquisitive After his brother and importun'd me, That his attendant, for his case was like, Reft of his brother, but retain'd his name, Might bear him company in the quest of him Whom whilst 1 labour'd of a love to see, 1 hazarded the lois of whom 1 lov'd. Five summers have 1 spent in furthest Greece, Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia, And, coasting homeward, came to Ephesus Hopelefs to find, yet loath to leave unsought, Or that, or any place that harbours men. But here. must end the story of my life And happy were 1 in my timely death, Could ail my travels warrant me they live. j0M~. Haplefs ~Egeon, whom the fates have mark'd To bear the extremity of dire mishap Now, trust me, were it not against our laws, Against my crown, my oath, my dignity, Which princes, would they, may not disannul, My soul should sue as advocate for thee. But, though thou art adjudged to thé death, And pafsed sentence may not be recall' d, But to our honour's great disparagement, Yet will 1 favour thee in what 1 can Therefore, merchant, F 11 limit thee this day, To seek thy help by beneficial help Try ail the friends thou hast in Ephesus Beg thou, or borrow, to make up the sum, And live if not, then thou art doom'd to die -Gaoler, take him to thy custody. Gaol. 1 will, my lord. Hopelefs, and helplefs doth ~Egeon wend, But to procrastinate his lifelefs end. jE~M?~. 6'C~A'jE II A PUBLIC PLACE. ~Z~MJ and Dromio of Syracuse, and a J~rC ~?Z~. Mer. Therefore, give out, you are of Epidamnum, Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate. This very day, a Syracusan merchant Is apprehended for arrivai here And, not being able to buy out his life, According to the statute of the town, Dies ere the weary sun set in the west. There is your money that 1 had to keep. S. Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host, And stay there, Dromio, till 1 corne to thee. Within this hour it will be dinner-time Till that, I'll view the manners of the town, Peruse the traders, gaze upon the buildings, And then return, and sleep within mine inn For with long travel 1 am stiff and weary. Get thee away. Z~. S. Many a man would take you at your word, And go indeed, having so good a mean. 2M Dromio S. A trusty villain, sir that very oft, When 1 am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humour with his merry jests. What, will you walk with me about the town, And then go to my inn, and dine with me? Mer. 1 am invited, sir, to certain merchants, Of whom 1 hope to make much benent 1 crave your pardon. Soon, at five o'clock, Please you, l'il meet with you upon the mart, And afterwards consort you till bed-time My present businefs calls me from you now. Ant. S. Farewell till then 1 will go lose myself, And wander up and down, to view the city. Mer. Sir, 1 commend you to your own content. ~M ~C ~7~. He that commends me to mine own content, Commends me to the thing 1 cannot get. 1 to the world am like a drop of water, That in the ocean seeks another drop Who, falling there to find his fellow fbrth, Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself So I, to find a mother, and a brother, In quest of them, unhappy, lose myself. Enter Dromio ~j~A~Mj. Here cornes the almanack of my true date.-What now? How chance, thou art return'd so soon? Dro. E. Return'd so soon! rather approach'd too late The capon burns, the pig falls from the spit The dock hath strucken twelve upon the bell, My mistrefs made it one upon my cheek She is so hot, because the méat is cold Thé meat is cold, because you corne not home You corne not home, because you have no stomach You have no stomach, having broke your fast But we, that know what 'tis to fast and pray, Are penitent for your default to-day. 6 . Stop in your wind, sir tell me this, I pray Where have you left the money that 1 gave you ? Dro. 0,-six-pence, that 1 had o' Wednesday last, To pay the saddler for my mistrels' crupper -The saddler had it, sir, 1 kept it not. S. 1 am not in a sportive humour now Tell me, and dally not, where is the money? We being stra.ngers hère, how dar'st thou trust So great a charge from thine own custody? ~ ?. jE. 1 pray you, jest, sir, as you sit at dinner 1 from my mistrefs corne to you in post If 1 return, 1 shall be post indeed For she will score your fault upon my pate. Methinks, your maw, like mine, should be your dock, And strike you home without a mefsenger. Corne, Dromio, corne, these jests are out of season Reserve them till a merrier hour than this Where is the gold 1 gave in charge to thee? Dro. E. To me, sir? why you gave no gold to me. S. Corne on, sir knave, have done your fbolishneis, And tell me, how thou hast dispos'd thy charge. Dro. E. My charge was but to fetch you from the mart Home to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner My mistrefs, and her sister, stay for you. Now, as 1 am a christian, answer me, In what safe place have you bestow'd my money Or 1 shall break that merry sconce of yours, That stands on tricks when 1 am undispos'd Where is the thousand marks thou had'st ofme? Dro. jE. 1 have some marks of yours upon my pate, Some of my mistrefs' marks upon my shoulders, But not a thousand marks between you both.-If 1 should pay your worship those again, Perchance, you will not bear them patiently. Thy mistrefs' marks! what mistrefs, slave, hast thou? 2~. jE. Your worship's wife, my mistrefs at the Phoenix She that doth fast, till you corne home to dinner, And prays, that you will hie you home to dinner, What, wilt thou flout me thus unto my face, Being fbrbid? There, take you that, sir knave. 2~?. jE. What mean you, sir? for God's sake, hold your hands Nay, an you will not, sir, Fil take my heels. j~ D w M~ S. Upon my life, by some device or other, The villain is o'er-raught of all my money. They say, this town is full of cozenage As, nimble jugglers, that deceive the eye, Dark-working sorcerers, that change the mind, Soul-killing witches, that deform the body Disguised cheaters, prating mountebanks, And many such like liberties of sin If it prove so, 1 will be gone the sooner. I'll to the Centaur, to go seek this slave 1 greatly fear, my money is not safe. 2M. c ? ~c~~rj? A PUBLIC PLACE. Enter Adriana ~ZM ~M!. Adr. Neither my husband, nor the slave return'd, That in such haste 1 sent to seek his master Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock. Z~c. Perhaps, some merchant hath invited him, And from the mart he's somewhere gone to dinner. Good sister, let us dine, and never fret A man is master of his liberty Time is their master and, when they see time, They'll go, or come If so, be patient, sister. Why should their liberty than ours be more? Luc. Because their businels still lies out o' door. ~y. Look, when 1 serve him so, he takes it ill. Luc. 0, know, he is the bridle of your will. There's none, but afses, will be bridled so. Luc. Why, headstrong liberty is lash'd with woe. There's nothing, situate under heaven's eye, But hath his bound, in earth, in sea, in sky The beasts, the fishes, and the winged fowls, Are their males' subject, and at their controls Men, more divine, the masters of ail these, Lords of the wide world, and wild wat'ry seas, Indued with intellectual sense and souls, Of more pre-eminence than fish and fowls, Are masters to their females, and their lords Then let your will attend on their accords. ~r. This servitude makes you to keep unwed. Luc. Not this, but troubles of' the marriage-bed. But, were you wedded, you would bear some sway. Z.MC. Ere 1 learn love, l'il practise to obey. How if your husband start some other where? Luc. Till he corne home again, 1 would forbear. ~~r. Patience, unmov' d, no marvel though she pause They can be meek, that have no other cause. A wretched soul, bruis'd with adversity, We bid be quiet, when we hear it cry But were we burden'd with like weight of pain, As much, or more, we should ourselves complain So thou, that hast no unkind mate to grieve thee, With urging helplels patience would~st relieve me But, if thou live LO sec like right bereft, This fool-begg'd patience in thee will be left. Luc. Well, 1 will marry one day, but to try Here cornes your man, now is your husband nigh. Dromio jE~~Mj. ~y. Say, is your tardy master now at hand? Dro. E. Nay he is at two hands with me, and that my two ears can witnefs. Say, didst thou speak with him? Know'st thou his mind? ~r ?. Ay, ay, hc told lus mind upon mine car Beshrew his hand, 1 scarce could understand it. Z~c. Spake he so doubtfully, thou couldst not feel his meaning ? jCn?. Nay, he struck so plainly, 1 could too well feel his blows and withal so doubtfully, that 1 could scarce understand them. ~~f. But say, 1 pr'ythee, is hc coming home? It seems, he hath great care to please his wife. Dro. jË'. Why, mistrels, sure my master is horn-mad. Horn-mad, thou villain? Z~-?. E. 1 mean not cuckold-mad but, sure, he's stark mad When 1 desir'd him to corne home to dinner, He ask'd me for a thousand marks in gold 'T~j dinner-time, quoth 1 My gold, quoth he 3~z~ meat doth ~Mr?~ quoth 1 gold, quoth he ~7~M come ~? quoth 1 My gold, quoth lie ~~Y? ~M!~ marks 1 gave thee, villain? 7~ quoth I, is burn'd gold, quoth he sir, quoth 1 Hang M~ thy ~~ not thy yM~ ~M~ mistrefs! Z~c. Quoth who ? J9y~. jE', Quoth my master ~ ~ quoth he, no Ac~j~ ~c no ~M~~j -So that my errand, due unto my tongue, 1 thank him, 1 bare home upon my shoulders For, in conclusion, he did beat me there. ~r. Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home. jCr ?. Go back again, and be new beaten home? For God's sake, send some other mefsenger. ~y. Back, slave, or 1 will break thy pate acrols. ~r~. And he will biefs that crofs with other beat-ing Between you 1 shall have a holy head. Hence, prating peasant fetch thy master home. Dro. E. Am 1 so round with you, as you with me, That like a football you do spurn me thus ? You spurn me hence, and he will spurn me hither If I last in this service, you must case me in leather. 2~ Z~c. Fye, how impatience low'reth in your face! His company must do his minions grâce, Whilst 1 at home starve for a merry look. Hath homely age the alluring beauty took From my poor cheek? then he hath wasted it Are my discourses dull? barren my wit? If voluble and sharp discourse be marr'd, Unkindnefs blunts it, more than marble hard. Do their gay vestments his affections bait? That's not my fault, he's master of my state What ruins are in me, that can be found By him not ruin'd? then is he the ground Of my defeatures My decayed fair A sunny look of his would soon repair But, too unruly deer, he breaks the pale, And feeds from home poor 1 am but his stale. .MC. Self-harmingjealousy!-fye, beat it hence. Unfeeling fools can with such wrongs dispense. 1 know his eye doth homage otherwhere Or else, what lets it but he would be here Sister, you know, he promis'd me a chain Would that alone alone he would detain, So he would keep fair quarter with his bed! 1 see, the jewel, best enamelled, Will lose his beauty and though gold 'bides still, That others touch, yet often touching will Wear gold and so no man that hath a naine, But falsehood and corruption doth it shame. Since that my beauty cannot please his eye, I'll weep what's left away, and weeping die. Z.MC. How many fond fools serve madjealousy! jE~M ~C~JVJ? Il THE SAME. Enter ~M~ C Syracuse. 6'. The gold, 1 gave to Dromio, is laid up Safe at theCentaur and the heedful slave ïs wander'd forth, in care to seek me out. By computation, and mine host's report, 1 could not speak with Dromio, since at first 1 sent him from the mart See, here he cornes. jE~r Z~ymc T~CM~. How now, sir? is your merry humour alter'd? As you love strokes, so jest with me again. You know no Centaur? You receiv'd no gold? Your mistrefs sent to have me home to dinner? My house was at the Phoenix? Wast thou mad, That thus so madly thou didst answer me ? Dro. S. What answer, sir? when spake 1 such a word? S. Even now, even here, not half an Iiour since. D~. 1 did not see you since you sent me hence, Home to the Centaur, with the gold you gave me. ~6'. Villain, thou didst deny the gold's receipt And told'st me of a mistrefs, and a dinner For which, 1 hope, thou felt'st 1 was displeas'd. Z~. 1 am glad to see you in this merry vein What means this jest? 1 pray you, master, tell me. Yea, dost thoujcer, and flout me in the teeth? Think'st thou, 1 jest? Hold, take thou th at, and that. ~ 7~ ~c. Hold, sir, for God's sake now your jest is earnest Upon what bai-gain do you give it me ? 6'. Because that 1 familiarly sometimes Do use you for my fool, and chat with you, Your saucinefs will jest upon my love, And make a common of my serious hours. When the sun shines, let fool.ish gnats make sport, But creep in crannies, when he hides his beams. If you will jest with me, know my aspect, And fashion y oui' demeanour to my looks, Or 1 will beat this method in your sconce. Dro. S. Sconce, call you it? so you would leave batter-ing, 1 had rather have it a head an you use these blows long, 1 must get a sconce for my head, and insconce it too or else 1 shall seek my wit in my shoulders. But, 1 pray, sir, why am 1 beaten ? Ant. S. Dost thou not know? Z~ Nothing, sir but that 1 am beaten. Shall 1 tell you why ? Dro. S. Ay, sir, and wherefore for, they say, every why hath a wherefore. S. Why, first,-for flouting me and then, where-fore,-For urging it the second time to me. Dro. Was there ever any man thus beaten out of season? When, in the why, and the wherefore, is neither rhyme nor reason ?-Well, sir, 1 thank you. ~6'. Thank me, sir? for what ? Dro. S . Marry, sir, for this something that you gave me for nothing. S. l'il make you amends next, to give you nothing for something. But say, sir, is it dinner-time ? Dro. S. No, sir 1 think, the meat wants that 1 have. In good time, sir, what's that? Z~?. 6'. Basting. ~.6'. Well, sir, then 'twill be dry. Dro. If it be, sir, 1 pray you eat none of it. Your reason? Dro. Lest it make you choleric, and purchase me another dry basting. ~6'. Well, sir, learn to jest in good time There's a time for ail things. ~ ?. 6'. 1 durst have denied that, before you were se choleric. Ant. S. By what rule, sir? Dro. -6'. Marry, sir, by a rule as plain as thé plain bald pate of father Time himself. Let's hear it. Z~ There~s no time for a man to recover his hair, that grows bald by nature. S. May he not do it by fine and recovery ? Z ~. S. Yes, to pay a fine for a peruke, and recover the lost haïr of another man. Why is Time such a niggard of hair, being, as it is, so plentiful an excrément? D~. Because it is a blelsing that he bestows on beasts and what he hath scanted men in hair, he hath given them in wit. Why, but there's many a man hath more hair than wit. Dro. S'. Not a man of those, but he hath the wit to lose his hair. S. Why, thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit. Z~'c.6'. The plainer dealer, the sooner lost Yet he loseth it in a kind ofjollity. For what reason? Dro. S. For two and sound ones too. ~6'. Nay, not sound, 1 pray you. Dro. S. Sure ones then. S. Nay, not sure, in a thing falsing. Dro. S. Certain ones then. Ant. S. Name them. jOr~. S. The one, to save the money that he spends in tiring the other, that at dinner they sliould not drop in his porridge. Ant. S. You would ail this time have proved, there is no time for ail things. Dro. S. Many, and did, sir namely, no time to reco-ver hair lost by nature. S. But your reason was not substantial, why there is no time to recover. Z~ Thus 1 mend it Time himself is bald, and therefore, to the world's end, will have bald followers. Ant. S. I knew, 'twould be a bald conclusion But soft! who wafts us yonder? Enter ~r~~ and Z~z~. ~y. Ay, ay, Antipholus, look strange, and frown Some other mistrels hath thy sweet aspects, 1 am not Adriana, nor thy wife. The time was once, when thou unurg'd would'st vow That never words were music to thine ear, That never object pleasing in thine eye, That never touch well-welcome to thy hand, That never meat sweet-savour'd in thy taste, Unlefs 1 spake, look'd, touch'd, or carv'd to thee. How cornes it now, my husband, oh. how cornes it, That thou art then estranged from thy self ? Thyself 1 call it, being strange to me, That, undividable, incorporate, Arn better than thy dear selfs better part. Ah, do not tear away thyseiffrom me For know, my love, as easy may'st thou fall A drop of water in thé breaking gulph, And take unmingled thence that drop again, Without addition, or diminishing, As take from me thyself, and not me too. How dearly would it touch thee to thé quick. Should~st thou but hear 1 were licentious? And that this body, consecrate to thee, By ruffian lust should be contaminate ? Would'st thou not spit at me, and spurn at me, And hurl the name of husband in my face, And tear the stain'd skin ofTmy harlot brow, And from my false hand eut the wedding ring, And break it with a deep-divorcing vow ? 1 know thou canst and therefore, see, thou do t. 1 am pofsefs' d with an adulterate blot My blood is mingled with the crime of lust For, ifwe two be one, and thou play false, 1 do digest the poison of thy flesh, Being strumpeted by thy contagion. Keep then fair league and truce with thy true bed 1 live dis-stain'd, thou undishonoured. S. Plead you to me, fair dame? I know you not In Ephesus 1 am but two hours old, As strange unto your town, as to your talk Who, every word by ail my wit being scann'd, Want wit in ail one word to understand. .MC. Fye, brother! how the world is chang'd with you When were you wont to use my sister thus ? She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner. By Dromio Z~ By me? ~y. By thee and this thou didst return from him,-That he did bufïët thee, and, in his blows Denied my house for his, me for his wife. ~6'. Did you converse, sir, with this gentlewoman? What is the course and drift of your compact ? Z~.6'. I, sir? 1 never saw her till this time. Ant. S. Villain, thou liest for even her very words Didst thou deliver to me on the mart. Z~'c. 1 never spake with her in ail my life. How can she thus then call us by our names, Uniefs it be by inspiration? ~r. How ill agrees it with your gravity, To counterfeit thus grofsly with your slave, Abetting him to thwart me in my mood ? Be it my wrong, you are from me exempt, But wrong not that wrong with a more contempt. Come, 1 will fasten on this sleeve of thine Thou art an elm, my husband 1 a vine Whose weaknefs, married to thy stronger state, Makes me with thy strength to communicate Ifaught pofsefs thee from me, it is drofs, Usurping ivy, briar, or idle mois Who, ail for want of pruning, with intrusion Infect thy sap, and live on thy confusion. To me she speaks she moves me for her theme What, was 1 married to her in my dream? Or sleep 1 now, and think 1 hear ail this? What error drives our eyes and ears amiis ? Until 1 know this sure uncertainty, l'il entertain the offer'd fallacy. Luc. Dromio, go bid the servants spread for dinner. Dro. S. 0, for my beads! 1 crofs me for a sinner. This is thé fairy land -0, spite of spites We talk with goblins, owls, and elvish sprites Ifwe obey them not, this will ensue, They'll suck our breath, or pinch us black and blue. Z~c. Why prat'st thou to thyself, and answer'st not? Dromio, thou drone, thou snail, thou slug, thou sot! Dro. S. 1 am transformed, master am not I? S. 1 think, thou art, in mind, and so am I. Dro. S. Nay, master, both in mind, and in my shape. ~y~. . Thou hast thine own fbrm. j~rc. No, 1 am an ape. Z~c. If thou art chang'd to aught, 'tis to an afs. ~?. 'Tis true she rides me, and 1 long for grafs. 'Tis so, 1 am an afs else it could never be, But 1 should know her as well as she knows me. ~y. Come, corne, no longer will 1 be a fool, To put the finger in the eye and weep, Whilst man, and master, laugh my woes to scorn.-Corne, sir, to dinner Dromio, keep the gâte -Husband, Fil dine above with you to-day, And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks Sirrah, if any ask you for your master, Say, he dines forth, and let no creature enter.-Corne, sister -Dromio, play the porter well. ~ 5'. Am 1 in earth, in heaven, or in hell? Sleeping or waking? mad, or well-advis'd? Known unto these, and to myself disguis'd l'il say as they say, and perséver so, And in this mist at ail adventures go. Dro. S. Master, shall 1 be porter at the gâte? Ay, and let none enter, lest 1 break your pate. Luc. Come, corne, Antipholus, we dine too late. jE~ ~C~r III ~C~~ I THE SAME. Enter Antipholus c~M~ Dromio ~j~~M~ Angelo, and ~z~ ~E. Good signior Angelo, you must excuse us ail My wife is shrewish, when 1 keep not hours Say, that 1 linger'd with you at your shop, To see the making of her carkanet, And that to-morrow you will bring it home. But here's a villain, that would face me down He met me on the mart and that 1 beat him, And charg'd him with a thousand marks in gold And that 1 did deny my wife and house -Thou, drunkard, thou, what didst thou mean by this? Dro. E. Say what you will, sir, but 1 know what 1 know That you beat me at the mart, 1 have your hand to show If the skin were parchment, and the blows you gave were ink, Your own handwriting would tell you what 1 think. E. 1 think, thou art an aïs. Dro. jE'. Marry, so it doth appear By thé wrongs 1 suffer, and the blows 1 bear. 1 should kick, being kick'd and, being at that pals, You would keep from my heels, and beware of an afs. ~y~. j~. You are sad, signior Balthazar Tray God, our cheer May answer my good will, and y our good welcome hère. Bal. 1 hold your dainties cheap, sir, and your welcome dear. jE. 0, signior Balthazar, either at nesh or fish, A table full of welcome makes scarce one dainty dish. Bal. Good meat, sir, is common that every churi af-fords. E. And welcome more common for that's nothing but words. jM. Small cheer, and great welcome, makes a merry feast. Ay, to a lliggarclly host, and more sparing guest But though my cates be mean, take them in good part Better cheer may you hâve, but not with better heart. But, soft my door is lock'd Go bid them let us in. Dro. E. Maud, Bridget, Marian, Cicely, Gillian,Jen' Z~ ~ Morne, malt-horse, capon, coxcomb, idiot, patch! Either get thee from the door, or sit down at thé hatch Dost thou conjure for wenches, that thou call'st for such store, When one is one too many ? Go, get thee from the door. Dy'c. jE. What patch is made our porter ? My master stays in the street. j0~ Let him walk from whence he came, lest he catch cold on's feet. Ant. E. Who talks within there? ho, open thé door. Dro. 6'. Right, sir, l'Il tell you when, an you'Il tell me wherefore. Wherefore? for my dinner 1 have not din'd to-day. J9~ Nor to-day here you must not corne again, when you may. ~jE. What art thou, that keep'st me out from the house 1 owe? Z~rc. S. Thé porter for this time, sir, and my name is Dromio. Z~. 0 villain, thou hast stolen both mine office and my name The one ne'er got me credit, the other mickle blame. If thou hadst been Dromio to-day in my place, Thou would'st have chang'd thy face for a name, or thy name for an afs. Luce. ~ What a coil is there! Dromio, who are those at the gâte? Dro. E. Let my master in, Luce. Z~c~. Faith no he comes too late And so tell your master. Dro. 0 Lord, 1 must laugh Have at you with a proverb.-Shall 1 set in my staff? Luce. Have at you with another that's,-When? can you tell? Z~. '. If thy name be called Luce, Luce, thou hast answer'd him well. Ant. E. Do you hear, you minion? you'11 let us in, 1 hope? Luce. 1 thought to have ask'd you. Dro. And you said, no. Dro. E. So, corne, help well struck there was blow for blow. jF. Thou baggage, let me in. Z,MC~. Can you tell for whose saké? Dro. E. Master, knock the door hard. Z~. Let him knock till it ake. You'Il cry for this, minion, if 1 beat the door down. Luce. What needs ail that, and a pair of stocks in the town? ~r. ~ Who is that at the door, that keeps ail this noise? Dro. S. By my troth, your town is troubled with unruly boys. jE'. Arc you there, wife ? you might have corne before. ~r. Your wife, sir knave! go, get you from the door. Dro. If you went in pain, master, this knave would go sore. ~g'. Here is neither cheer, sir, nor welcome we would fain have either. Bal. In debating which was best, we shall part with neither. Dro. E. They stand at the door, master bid them wel-come hither. There's something in the wind, that we cannot get in. Z~.J?. You would say so, master, if your garments were thin. Your cake here is warm within you stand here in the cold It would make a man mad as a buck, to be so bought and sold. Go, fetch me something, l'il break ope the gate. Dro. S. Break anybreaking hère, and l'il break your knave~s pate. Z~ A man may break a word with you, sir and words are but wind Ay, and break it in your face, so hc break it not behind. Dro. 6'. It seems, thou wantest breaking Out upon thee, hind Z ~ Here's too much, out upon thee! 1 pray thee, let me in. Z~ Ay, when fbwls have no feathers, and fish have no fin. Ant. E. Well, l'Il break in Go borrow me a crow. Z~. E. A crow without a feather master, mean y ou so? For a fish without a fin, there's a fowl without a feather If a crow help us in, sirrah, we'll pluck a crow together. E. Go, get thee gone, fetch me an iron crow. Bal. Have patience, sir 0, let it not be so Herein you war against your reputation, And draw within the compafs of suspect Thé unviolated honour of your wife. Once this,-Your long expérience of her wisdom, Her sober virtue, years, and modesty, Plead on her part some cause to you unknown And doubt not, sir, but she will well excuse Why at this time the doors are made against you. Be ruFd by me depart in patience, And let us to the Tiger ail to dinner And, about evening, corne yourself alone, To know the reason of this strange restraint. If by strong hand you ofîer to break in, Now in the stirring pafsage of the day, A vulgar comment will be made on it And that supposed by the common rout Against your yet ungalled estimation, That may with foul intrusion enter in, And dwell upon your grave when you are dead For slander lives upon succession For ever hous'd, where once it gets pofsefsion. ~jE'. You have prevail'd 1 will depart in quiet, And, in despite of mirth, mean to be merry. 1 know a wench of excellent discourse,-Pretty and witty wild, and, yet too, gentle -There will we dine this woman that 1 mean My wife but,. 1 protest, without désert, Hath oftentimes upbraided me withal To her will we to dinner.-Get you home, And fetch thé chain by this, 1 know, 'tis made Bring it, 1 pray you, to the Porcupine For there's the house that chain will 1 bestow, Be it for nothing but to spite my wife, Upon mine hostefs there good sir, make haste Since mine own doors refuse to entertain me, ni knock elsewhere, to see ifthey'l disdain me. Ang. l'il meet you at that place, some hour hence. Do so This jest shall cost me some expence. ~~i! ~C'jE JI THE SAME Enter ZMC~M and ~~A~ MJ C f ï6'M~. Z~c. And may it be that you have quite fbrgot A husband's office? Shall, Antipholus, hâte, Even in the spring of love, thy love-springs rot? Shall love, in building, grow so ruinate? If you did wed my sister for her weaith, Then, for her weaith's sake, use her with more kindnefs Or, if you like eisewhere, do it by steaith Muffle your false love with some show ofblindnefs Let not my sister read it in your eye Be not thy tongue thy own shame's orator Look sweet, speak fair, become disloyalty Apparel vice, like virtue's harbinger Bear a fair presence, though your heart be tainted Teach sin the carriage of a holy saint Be secret-false What need she be acquainted? What simple thief brags of his own attaint ? 'Tis double wrong, to truant with your bed, And let her read it in thy looks at board Shame hath a bastard fame, well managed 111 deeds are doubled with an evil word. Alas, poor women make us but believe, Being compact of credit, that you love us Though others have thé arm, show us thé sleeve We in your motion turn, and you may move us. Then, gentle brother, get you in again Comfbrt my sister, cheer her, call her wife 'Tis holy sport, to be a little vain, When thé sweet breath offiattery conqucrs strife. Sweet mistrefs, what your name is else, 1 know not, Nor by what wonder you do hit on mine, Lefs, in your knowledge, and your grâce, you show not, Than our earth's wonder more than earth divine. Teach me, dear creature, how to think and speak Lay open to my earthy grols conceit, Smother'd in errors, feeble, shallow, weak, Thé folded meaning of your words' deceit. Against my soul's pure truth why labour you, To make it wander in an unknown field ? Are you a god ? would you create me ncw ? Transform me, then, and to your power l'il yield. But if that 1 am I, then well 1 know, Your weeping sister is no wife of mine, Nor to her bed no homage do 1 owe Far more, far more, to you do 1 décline. 0, train me not, sweet mermaid, with thy note, To drown me in thy sister's flood of tears Sing, siren, for thyself, and 1 will dote Spread o'er the silver waves thy golden hairs, And as a bed Fil take thee, and there lie And, in that glorious supposition, think He gains by death, that hath such means to die Let love, being light, be drowned if she sink! Z.MC. What are you mad, that you do reason so? Not mad, but mated how, 1 do not know. Luc. It is a fault that springeth from your eye. S. For gazing on your beams, fair sun, being by. Luc. Gaze where you should, and that will clear y oui sight. Ant. S. As good to wink, sweet love, as look on night. Luc. Why call you me love? call my sister so. Thy sister's sister. Luc. That's my sister. Ant. S. No It is thyself, mine own self's better part Mine eye's clear eye, my dearheart's dearer heart My food, my fortune, and my sweet hope's aim, My sole earth's heaven, and my heaven's daim. Z~c. AU this my sister is, or el.se should be. S. Call thyself sister, sweet, for 1 aim thee Thee will 1 love, and with thee lead my life Thou hast no husband yet, nor 1 no wife Give me thy hand. Z~c. 0, soft, sir, hold you still l'il fetch my sister, to get her good will. 2MZM ~M!. jE~~ r~ house ~c~j ~jE~~Mj, Dromio qf Syracuse. Why, how now, Dromio? where run'st thou so fast? j9r~ Do you know me, sir? am 1 Dromio? am 1 your man? am 1 myself? S. Thou art Dromio, thou art my man, thou art thyself. Dro. S. 1 am an afs, 1 am a woman's man, and besides myself. Ant. S. What woman's man? and how besides thy-self ? Z~?. Marry, sir, besides myself, 1 am due to a wo-man one that claims me, one that haunts me, one that will have me. What daim lays she to thee ? Dro. S. Marry, sir, such daim as you would lay to your horse and she would have me as a beast not that, 1 being a beast, she would have me but that she, being a very beastly creature, lays daim to me. S. What is she ? Z~Y?. S. A very reverent body ay, such a one as a man may not speak of, without he say, sir-reverence 1 have but lean luck in the match, and yet is she a wondrous fat marriage. Ant. S. How dost thou mean, a fat marriage? Dro. S. Marry, sir, she's the kitchen-wench, and ail grease and 1 know not what use to put her to, but to make a lamp of her, and run from her by her own light. 1 warrant, her rags, and the tallow in them, will burn a Poland winter if she lives till doomsday, she'll burn a week longer than the whole world. What complexion is she of? Z~.6 . Swart, like my shoe, but her face nothing like so clean kept For why ? she sweats, a man may go over shoes in the grime of it. Ant. S. That's a fault that water will mend. Dro. S. No, sir, 'tis in grain Noah's flood could not do it. ~6 . What's her name? Z~ Nell, sir -but her name and three quarters, that is, an ell and three quarters, will not measure her from hip to hip. 6'. Then she bears some breadth ? Dro. S. No longer from head to foot, than from hip to hip she is spherical, like a globe 1 could find out coun-tries in her. Ant.S. In what part ofher body stands Ireland? Z~ Marry, sir, in her buttocks 1 found it out by the bogs. ~.6'. WhereScotland? Dro. S. 1 found it by the barrennefs hard, in the palm ofthe hand. Where France? ~c. In her forehead arm'd and reverted, making war against her hair. Ant. S. Where England? Dro. S. 1 look'd for the chalky clifîs, but 1 could find no whiteneis in them but 1 guefs, it stood in her chin, by the salt rheum that ran between France and it. Where Spain ? J9~ Faith, 1 saw it not but 1 felt it, hot in lier breath. Ant. S. Where America, the Indies? Z~y' ?. 0 sir, upon her nose, ail o'er embellish'd with rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, declining their rich aspect to the hot breath of Spain who sent whole armadas of carracks to be ballast at her nose. S. Where stood Belgia, the Netherlands ? Dro. S. 0, sir, 1 did not look so low. To conclude, this drudge, or diviner, laid daim to me call'd me Dromio swore, 1 was afsur'd to her told me what privy marks 1 had about me, as, the mark of my shoulder, the mole in my neck, the great wart on my left arm, that I, amazed, ran from her as a witch and, 1 think, if my breast had not been made of faith, and my heart of steel, she had transform'd me to a curtail-dog, and made me turn i' thé wheel. Go, hie thee presently, post to the road And if the wind blow any way from shore, 1 will not harbour in this town to-night. If any bark put fbrth, corne to the mart, Where 1 will walk till thou return to me. If every one know us, and we know none, 'Tis time, 1 think, to trudge, pack, and be gone. Dro. 6'. As from a bear a man would run for life, So fly 1 from her that would be my wife. ~v~. There's none but witches do inhabit here And therefbre 'tis high time that 1 were hence. She, that doth call me husband, even my soul Doth for a wife abhor but her fair sister, Pofsejfs'd with such a gentle sovereign grâce, Ofsuch enchanting presence and discourse, Hath almost made me traitor to myself But, lest myself be guilty to self-wrong, 1~11 stop mine ears against thé mermaid's song. Enter Angelo. Master Antipholus? Ay, that's my name. 1 know it well, sir Lo, here is the chain 1 thought to have ta'en you at the Porcupine The chain unfinish'd made me stay thus long. What is your will, that 1 shall do with this? What please yourself, sir 1 have made it for you. Ant. S. Made it for me, sir! 1 bespoke it not. ~g. Not once, nor twice, but twenty times you hâve Go home with it, and please your wife withal And soon at supper-time l'il visit you, And then receive my money for the chain. 1 pray you, sir, receive the money now, For fear you ne'er see chain, nor money, more. ~g'. You are a merry man, sir fare you well. jE~. What 1 should think of this, 1 cannot tell But this 1 think, there's no man is so vain, That would refuse so fair an offer'd chain. 1 see, a man here needs not live by shifts, When in the streets he meets such golden gifts. l'Il to the mart, and there for Dromio stay If any ship put out, then straight away. C T ~C~~J? THE SAME. .Z~y a Merchant, ~ ?~ and an Q~C~. Mer. You know, since Pentecost the sum is due, And since 1 have not much importun~ d you Nor now 1 had not, but that 1 am bound To Persia, and want gilders for my voyage Therefore make present satisfaction, Or I'll attach you by this officer. Even just the sum, that 1 do owe to you, Is growing to me by Antipholus And, in the instant that 1 met with you, He had ofme a chain at five o'clock, 1 shall receive the money for the same Pleaseth you walk with me down to his house, 1 will discharge my bond, and thank you too. Enter ~z~j c M~ and Dromio c~m. That labour may you save see where he cornes. Ant. While 1 go to the goldsmith's house, go thou And buy a rope's end that will 1 bestow Among rny wife and her confederates, For locking me out of my doors by day.-But soft, 1 see thé goldsmith -gct thee gone Buy thou a l'ope, and bring it home to me. Z~.jE. 1 buy a thousand pound a year! 1 buy a rope! jE~ Dromio. A man is well holp up, that trusts to you 1 promised your presence, and the chain But neither chain, nor goldsmith, came to me Belike, you thought our love would last too long, If it were chain'd together and therefore came not. ~xp'. Saving your merry humour, here's the note, How much your cliain weighs to thé utmost carrât The nnenefs of the gold, and chargeful fashion Which doth amount to three odd ducats more Than 1 stand debted to this gentleman 1 pray you, see him presently discharg'd, For he is bound to sea, and stays but for it. ~y~ 1 am not furnish'd with thé present moncy Bcsides, 1 have some businels in the town Good signior, take the stranger to my house, And with you take the chain, and bid my wife Disburse the sum on the receipt thereof Perchance, 1 will be there as soon as you. Then you will bring the chain to her yourscif? ~y~.jE. No bear it with you, lest 1 come not time enougli. Ang. Well, sir, 1 will Have you the chain about you? Ant. E. An if I have not, sir, 1 hope you have Or eise you may return without your money. Nay, corne, 1 pray you, sir, give me thé chain, Both wind and tide stays for this gentleman, And I, to blarne, have held him hère too long. jE. Good lord, you use this dalliance, to excuse Your breach of promise to thé Porcupine 1 should have chid you for not bringing it, But, like a shrew, you first begin to brawl. Mer. The hour steals on 1 pray you, sir, despatch. ~yz~. You hear, how he importunes me the chain-jS. Why, give it to my wife, and fetch your money. Come, corne, you know, 1 gave it you even now Either send the chain, or send me by some token. Fye now you run this humour out of breath Corne, where's thé chain? t pray you, let me see it. My businels cannot brook this dalliance Good sir, say, whe'r you'H answer me, or no If not, l'il ieave him to the officer. jE. 1 answer you what should 1 answer you ? The money, that you owe me for the chain. owe you none, till 1 receive the chain. ~g'. You know, 1 gave it you half an hour since. je'. You gave me none you wrong me much to say so. You wrong me more, sir, in denying it Consider, how it stands upon my credit. Mer. Well omcer, arrest him at my suit. Ido And charge you, in the duke's name, to obey me. ~z~. This touches me in réputation Either consent to pay this sum for me, Or 1 attach you by this ofncer. ~jE'. Consent to pay thee that 1 never had! Arrest me, foolish fellow, if thou dar'st. Here is thy fee arrest him, onicer -1 would not spare my brother in tins case, If he should scorn me so apparently. C~ 1 do arrest you, sir you hear the suit. 1 do obey thee, till 1 give thee bail -But, sirrah, you shall buy this sport as dear As ail thé métal in your shop will answer. Sir, sir, 1 shall have law in Ephesus, To your notorious shame, 1 doubt it not. jËy~y Z~f~M' ? 6 '~c~ T?~ Master, there is a bark ofEpidamnum, That stays but till her owner comes aboard, And then, sir, bears away our fraughtage, sir, 1 have conveyd aboard and 1 have bought Thé oil, the balsamum, and aqua-vitoe. The ship is in hcr trim the merry wind Blows fair from land they stay for nought at all, But for their owner, master, and yourself. Hownow' amadman! Whythou peevish sheep, What ship of Epidamnum stays for me? Z~. 6'. A ship you sent me to, to hire waftage. ~?~. Thou drunken slave, 1 sent thee for a rope And told thee to wliat purpose, and what end. Drc. You sent me, sir, for a rope's-end as soon You sent me to thé bay, sir, for a bark. I will debate this matter at more leisure, And teach your ears to listen with more heed. To Adriana, villain, hie thee straight Give her this key, and tell her, in the desk That's cover'd o'er with Turkish tapestry, There is a purse of ducats let her send it Tell her, 1 am arrested in the street, And that shall bail me hie thee, slave be gone. On, officer, to prison till it corne. jE~~ Merchant, Angelo, ~c~ and j~ To Adriana! that is where we din'd, Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband She is too big, 1 hope, for me to compafs. Thither 1 must, although against my will, For servants must their masters' minds fulfil. 2M. ~C~~J? Il THE SAME. jE~ ~M~ and Luciana ~y Ah, Luciana, did he tempt theeso? Might'st thou perceive austerely in his eye That he did plead in earnest, yea or no? Look'd he or red, or pale or sad, or merrily? What observation mad'st thou in this case, Ofhis heart's meteors tilting in his face? Luc. First, he denied you had in him no right. He meant, he did me none the more my spite. Luc. Then swore he, that he was a stranger here. And true he swore, though yet forsworn he were. Luc. Then pleaded 1 for you. And what said he ? Luc. That love 1 begg'd for you, he begg'd of me. With what persuasion did he tempt thy love? Z~c. With words, that in an honest suit might move. First, he did praise my beauty then, my speech. Did'st speak him fair? Luc. Have patience, 1 beseech. ~y. 1 cannot, nor 1 will not, hold me still My tongue, though not my heart, shall have his will. He is deformed, crooked, old, and sere, îll-fac'd, worse-bodied, shapelefs every where Vicious, ungentle, foolish, blunt, unkind Stigmatical in making, worse in mind. Luc. Who would be jealous then of such a one? No evil lost is waiFd when it is gone. ~r. Ah! but t think him better than 1 say, And yet would herein others' eyes were worse Far from her nest the lapwing cries away My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse. Enter Dromio ~CMJ~. Z~fc. S. Hère, go the desk, the purse sweet now, make haste. JL~c. How hast thou lost thy breath? Dn9. 6 . By running fast. ~f. Where is thy master, Dromio ? is he well ? Dro. S. No, he's in Tartar limbo, worse than hell A devil in an everlasting garment hath him, One, whose hard heart is button'd up with steel A nend, a fairy, pitilefs and rough A wolf, nay, worse, a fellow ail in bufi A baek-friend, a shoulder-clapper, one that countermands The pafsages of alleys, creeks, and narrow lands A hound tliat runs counter, and yet draws dry-foot well One that, before the judgment, carries poor soûls to hell. ~r. Why, man, what is the mattcr? Z~6'. Idonotknowthematter heis'restedonthe case. ~r. What, is he arrested? tell me, at whose suit. Z~?.~ 1 know not at whose suit hc is arrested, well But he's in a suit of buff, which 'rested him, that can 1 tell Will you send him, mistrefs, rédemption, thé money In thé desk? ~r. Go fetch it, sister.-This 1 wonder at, ~~ Z, That he, unknown to me, should be in dcbt -Tell me, was he arrested on a band? Dro. S. Not on a band, but on a stronger thing~ A chain, a chain do you not hear it ring? ~7'. What, thé chain? Dro. S. No, no, the bell 'tis time, that 1 were gone. It was two ere 1 left him, and now the dock strikes one. Thé hours corne back! that did 1 never hear. Dro. S. 0 yes, if any hour meet a sergeant, a' turns back for very fear. ~r. As if time were in debt! how fondly dost thou reason ? Dro. 5 . Time is a very bankrupt, and owes more than he's worth, to season. Nay, he's a thief too Have you not heard men say, That time cornes stealing on by night and day? If he be in debt, and theft, a-nd a sergeant in the way, Hath he not reason to turn back an hour in a day ? Enter Luciana. ~r. Go, Dromio there's the money, bear it straight And bring thy master home immediately.-Come, sister 1 am prefs' d down with conceit Conceit, my comfbrt, and my Injury. ~~M~. ~C~~ J77 THE SAME. Enter ~y~M~ of Syracuse. There's not a man 1 meet, but doth salute me As ifl were their well-acquainted friend And every one doth call me by my name. Some tender money to me, some invite me Some other give me thanks for kindnefses Some oNer me commodities to buy Even now a tailor calPd me in his shop, And show'd me silks that he had bought for me, And, therewithal, took rneasure ofmy body. Sure, these are but imaginary wiles, And Lapland sorcerers inhabit here. Enter Z~~ 9 '6 '~CM~. Z y' 6'. Master, here's the gold you sent me for What, have you got thé picture of old Adam new apparell'd? What gold is this? What Adam dost thou mean ? Z~ Not that Adam, that kept the paradise, but that Adam, that keeps thé prison he that goes in calf's-skin that was kill'd for the prodigal he that came behind you, sir, like an evil angel, and bid you forsake your liberty. S. 1 understand thee not. Dro. S. No? why, 'tis a plain case he that went like a base-viol, in a case of l.eather thé man, sir, that, when gentlemen are tired, gives them a fob, and 'rests them he, sir, that takes pity on decayed men, and gives them suits of durance he that sets up his rest to do more exploits with his mace, than a morris-pike. ~6'. What thoumean'stanofncer? 3r ?. Ay, sir, the sergeant of the band he that brings any man to answer it, that breaks his band one that thinks a man always going to bed, and says, God give j~M ~~r~ Well, sir, there rest in your foolery Is there any ship puts fbrth to-night ? may we be goiie ? Dro. Why, sir, 1 brought you word an Iiour since, that the bark Expédition put forth to-night and then were you hindered by thé sergeant, to tarry for thé hoy, Delay Here are thé angels that you sent for, to deliver you. 6'. Thé fellow is distract, and so am 1 And here we wander in illusions Some blefsed power deliver us from hence Enter a Courtezan. C ?Mr. Well met, well met, master Antipholus. 1 see, sir, you have fbund the goldsrnith no v Is that the chain, you promis'd me to-day? Satan, avoid 1 charge thee ternpt me not Z~r ?. Master, is this mistrefs Satan? It is the devil. Z~?. Nay, she is worse, she is the devil's dam and here she cornes in thé habit of a light wench and tliereof' cornes, that the wenches say, God me, that's as mucii as to say, God a z~ It is written, they appear to men like angels of light light is an effect of fire, and fire will burn ~c, light wenches will burn Corne not near her. C~ Your man and you are marvellons merry, sir. Will you go with me? We~l mend our dinner hère. Dro. S. Master, if you do expect spoon-rneat, or bespeak a long spoon. ~6'. Why, Dromio? Z ~. Marry, he must have a long spoon, that must eat with the devil. Avoid then, fiend what tell'st thou me of supping ? Thouart, as you are all, a sorcerefs 1 conjure thee to leave me, and be gone. Cour. Give me the ring of mine you had at dinner, Or, ibr my diamond, the chain you promis'd~ And m be gone, sir, and not trouble you. Z~ Some devils ask but the paring of one's nail, A rush, a hair, a drop of blood, a pin, A nut, a cherry-stone but she, more covetous, Would have a chain. Master, be wise an' if you give it her, The devil will shake her chain, and fright us with it. Cour. 1 pray you, sir, my ring, or else the chain 1 hope, you do not mean to cheat me so. S. Avaunt, thou witch! Corne Dromio, let us go. Dyc.'5'. Fly pride, says the peacock Mistrefs, thatyou know. Exeunt Ant. S. and Z~f ?. CcM~ Now, out of doubt, Antipholus is mad, Else would he never so demean himself A ring he hath of mine worth fbrty ducats, And for thé same he promis'd me a chain Both one, and other, he denies me now. The reason that 1 gather he is mad, Besides this present instance of his rage, Is a mad tale, he told to-day at dinner, Of his own doors being shut against his entrance. Belike, his wife, acquainted with his fits, On purpose shut the doors against his way. My way is now, to hie home to his house, And tell his wife, that, being lunatic, He rush'd into my house, and took perforce My ring away This course 1 fittest choose For forty ducats is too much to lose. jË~. ~C~~J? THE SAME. Enter ~y~MMj ~~ ~M~ and an Q~c~. Fear me not, man, 1 will not break away 1~11 give thee, ere 1 leave thee, so much money To warrant thee, as 1 am 'rested for. My wife is in a wayward mood to-day And will not lightly trust the mefsenger, That 1 should be attach'd in Ephesus 1 tell you, 'twill sound harshly in her ears. Enter Dromio 6 jE~~MJ with a end. Here comes my man 1 think he brings the money. How now, sir? have you that 1 sent you for? Dro. E. Here's that, 1 warrant you, will pay them all. ~?. But where's the money? Z~. Why, sir, 1 gave the money for the rope. Five hundred ducats, villain, for a rope? Z~j~. I'll serve you, sir, five hundred at the rate. To what end did 1 bid thee hie thee home ? Dro. E. To a rope's end, sir and to that end am 1 return'd. Ant. E. And to that end, sir, 1 will welcome you. ~ him. Q~ Good sir, be patient. Z~ Nay, 'tis for me to be patient 1 am in ad-versity. Good now, hold thy tongue. 2~?. jE. Nay, rather persuade him to hold his hands. Ant. E. Thou whoreson, senselefs villain Dro. j~. 1 would 1 were senselefs, sir, that 1 might not feel your blows. j~. Thou art sensible in nothing but blows, and so is an afs. Z~ 1 am an aïs, indeed you may prove it by my long ears. 1 have serv'd him from the hour of my nativity to this instant, and have nothing at his hands for my ser-vice, but blows when 1 am cold, he heats me with beat-ing when 1 am warm, he cools me with beating 1 am waked with it, when 1 sleep raised with it, when 1 sit driven out of doors with it, when 1 go from home wel-comed home with it, when 1 return nay, 1 bear it on my shoulders, as a beggar wont her brat and, 1 think, when he hath lamed me, 1 shall beg with it from door to door. Enter Adriana, Zz~~yz~ and the Courtezan, with Pinch, and others. Ant. E. Corne, go along my wife is coming yonder. Dyc. Mistrels, ~~c~M, respect your end or ra-ther the prophecy, like the parrot, Bezoare the end. ~jE. Wilt thou still talk? beats him. Cour. How say you now ? is not your husband mad ? His incivility confirms no lefs.-Good doctor Pinch, you are a conjurer Establish him in his true sense again, And 1 will please you what you will demand. Luc. Alas, how fiery and how sharp he looks! Cour. Mark, how he trembles in his ecstacy Pinch. Give me your hand, and let me feel your pulse. E. There is my hand, and let it feel your ear. Pinch. 1 charge thee, Satan, hous'd within this man, To yield pofsefsion. to my holy prayers, And to thy state of darknefs hie thee straight 1 conjure thee by all the saints in heaven. j6'. Peace, doting wizard, peace 1 am not mad. 0, that thou wert not, poor distrefsed soûl! Ant. E. You minion, you, are these your customers? Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house to-day, Whiist upon me the guilty doors were shut, And 1 denied to enter in my house? ~r. 0, husband, God doth know, you din'd at home, Where 'would you had remain'd until this time, Free from these slanders, and this open shame! 1 din'd at home Thou villain, what say'st thou? Z~ Sir, sooth to say, you did not dine at home. Were not my doors lock'd up, and 1 shut out? .Dro. E. Perdy, your doors were lock'd, and you shut out. And did not she herself revile me there ? J9~.jE. Sans fable, she herself revil' d you there. E. Did not her kitchen-maid rail, taunt, and scorn me? Z~.jE. Certes, she did the kitchen-vestal scorn'd you. j~. And did not 1 in rage depart from thence ? Z~rc.jE. In verity, you did -my bones bear witnefs, That since have felt the vigour of his rage. ~r. Is't good to sooth him in these contraries? Pinch. It is no shame the fellow finds his vein, And, yielding to him, humours well his frenzy. Ant. E. Thou hast suborn'd the goldsmith to arrest me. ~y. Alas, 1 sent you money to redeem you, By Dromio here, who came in haste for it. Z~ ?. j~. Money by me ? heart and good will you might, But, surely, master, not a rag of money. Went'st not thou to her for a purse of ducats? ~r. He came to me, and 1 deliver'd it. jL~c. And 1 am witnefs with her, that she did. Z~fc. 2~. God and the rope-maker, bear me witnefs, That 1 was sent for nothing but a rope Pinch. Mistrels, both man and master is pofsefs'd 1 know it by their pale and deadly looks They must be bound, and laid in some dark room. Say, wherefore didst thou lock me forth to-day, And why dost thou deny the bag of gold ? 1 did not, gentle husband, lock thee forth. Dro. E. And, gentle master, 1 receiv'd no gold But 1 confefs, sir, that we were lock'd out. ~r. Difsembling villain, thou speak'st false in both. E. Difsembling harlot, thou art false in all And art confederate with a damned pack, To make a loathsome abject scorn of me But with these nails l'il pluck out these false eyes, That would behold in me this shameful sport. Pinch and his ~j~~ bind Antipholus and Dromio. ~r. 0, bind him, bind him, let him not come near me. Pinch. More company -thé fiend is strong within him. Z.MC. Ah me, poor man, how pale and wan he looks j~. What, will you murder me? Thou gaoler, thou, 1 am thy prisoner wilt thou suffer them To make a rescue ? ~ Masters, let him go He is my prisoner, and you shall not have him. ~c~. Go, bind this man, for he is frantic too. ~r. What wilt thou do, thou peevish oHicer? Hast thou delight to see a wretched man Do outrage and displeasure to himself? He is my prisoner if 1 let him go, The debt he owes, will be requir'd of me. ~r. 1 will discharge thee, ere 1 go from thee Bear me forthwith unto his créditer, And, knowing how the debt grows, 1 will pay it. Good master doctor, see him safe convey'd Home to my house.-0 most unhappy day! Ant. E. 0 most unhappy strumpet Z~ j~. Master, 1 am here enter'd in bond for you. Ant. E. Out on thee, villain! wherefore dost thou mad me? Dro. Will you be bound for nothing? be mad, Good master cry, the devil. Luc. God help, poor souls, how idly do they talk! Adr. Go bear him hence.-Sister, go you with me.-2~~ Pinch and afsistants with and Z~ Say now, whose suit is he arrested at? One Angelo, a goldsmith Do you know him ? Adr. 1 know the man What is the sum he owes ? Two hundred ducats. Adr. Say, how grows it due ? Due for a chain, your husband had of him. Adr. He did bespeak a chain for me, but had it not. Cour. When as your husband, all in rage, to-day Came to my house, and took away my ring, The ring 1 saw upon his finger now, Straight after, did 1 meet him with a chain. Adr. It may be so, but 1 did never see it. Come, gaoler, bring me where the goldsmith is, 1 long to know the truth hereof at large. Enter ~~MM~ Syracuse, his rapier drawn, and Dromio C~~f~CM~. Luc. God, for thy mercy they are loose again. ~y. And corne with naked swords let's call more help, To have them bound again. Away, they'll kill us. jE~~ Q~c~ Adriana, and Z~CM! Ant. S. 1 see, these witches are afraid of swords. Dro. S. She, that would be your wife, now ran from you. S. Corne to the Centaur fetch our stuff from thence 1 long, that we were safe and sound aboard. Dro. Faith, stay here this night, they will surely do us no harrn you saw, they speak us fair, give us gold methinks, they are such a gentle nation, that but for the mountain of mad flesh that claims marriage of me, 1 could find in my heart to stay here still, and turn witch. 1 will not stay to-night for all the town Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard. ~~M~. c y ~c~~jE THE SAME. Enter Merchant and Angelo. 1 am sorry, sir, that 1 have hinder'd you But, 1 protest, he had the chain of me, Though most dishonestly he doth deny it. Mer. How is the man esteem'd here in the city? ~g'. Of very reverent reputation, sir, Of credit infinite, highly belov'd, Second to none that lives here in the city His word might bear my wealth at any time. Mer. Speak softly yonder, as 1 think, he walks. Enter and Dromio of Syracuse. 'Tis so and that self chain about his neck, Which he forswore, most monstrously, to have. Good sir, draw near to me, I'll speak to him. Signior Antipholus, 1 wonder much That you would put me to this shame and trouble And not without some scandai to yourself, With circumstance, and oaths, so to deny This chain, which now you wear so openly Besides the charge, the shame, imprisonment, You have done wrong to this my honest friend Who, but for staying on our controversy, Had hoisted sail, and put to sea to-day This chain you had of me, can you deny it? 1 think, 1 had 1 never did deny it. Mer. Yes, that you did, sir and forswore it too. Ant. S. Who heard me to deny it, or forswear it? Mer. These ears of mine, thou knowest, did hear thee Fye on thee, wretch! 'tis pity, that thou liv'st To walk where any honest men resort. S. Thou art a villain, to impeach me thus l'Il prove mine honour and mine honesty Against thee presently, if thou dar'st stand. Mer. 1 dare, and do defy thee for a villain. ~~ draw. Enter Adriana, Luciana, Courtezan, and others. ~r. Hold, hurt him not, for God's sake he is mad -Some get within him, take his sword away Bind Dromio too, and bear them to my house. Dro. S. Run, master, run for God's sake, take a house. This is some priory -In, or we are spoil'd. Exeunt Antipholus and Dromio to the Priory. Enter the Be quiet, people Wherefore throng you hither? To fetch my poor distracted husband hence Let us corne in, that we may bind him fast, And bear him home for his recovery. 1 knew, he was not in his perfect wits. Mer. 1 am sorry now, that 1 did draw on him. How long hath this pofsefsion held the man ? ~y This week he hath been heavy, sour, sad, And much, much different from the man he was But, till this afternoon, his pafsion Ne'er brake into extremity of rage. Hath he not lost much wealth by wreck at sea ? Bury'd some dear friend? Hath not else his eye Stray'd his affection in unlawful love? A sin, prevailing much in youthful men, Who give their eyes the liberty of gazing. Which of these sorrows is he subject to? ~y. To none of these, except it be the last Namely, some love, that drew him oft from home. You should for that have reprehended him. Adr. Why, so 1 did. Ay, but not rough enough. Adr. As roughly, as my modesty would let me. Abb. Haply, in private. ~r. And in afsemblies too. Ay, but not enough. ~r. It was the copy of our conférence In bed, he slept not for my urging it At board, he fed not for my urging it Alone, it was the subject of my theme In company, 1 often glanced it Still did 1 tell him it was vile and bad. And thereof came it, that the man was mad The venom clamours of a jealous woman Poison more deadly than a mad dog's tooth. It seems, his sleeps were hinder'd by thy railing And therefore comes it, that his head is light. Thou say'st, his meat was sauc'd with thy upbraidings Unquiet meals make ill digestions, Thereof the raging nre of fever bred And what's a fever but a fit ofmadnefs? Thou say'st, his sports were hinder'd by thy brawls Sweet recreation barr'd, what doth ensue, But moody and dull melancholy, Kinsman to grim and comfbrtiefs despair And, at her heels, a huge infectious troop Of pale distemperatures, and foes to life? In food, in sport, and life-preserving rest To be disturb'd, would mad or man, or beast The consequence is then, thy jealous fits Have scared thy husband from the use of wits. Z,MC. She never reprehended him but mildly, When he demean'd himself rough, rude, and wildly. Why bear you these rebukes, and answer not? ~y. She did betray me to my own reproof.-Good people, enter, and lay hold on him. No, not a creature enters in my house. ~r. Then, let your servants bring my husband forth. Neither he took this place for sanctuary, And it shall privilege him from your hands, Till 1 have brought him to his wits again, Or lose my labour in afsaying it. 1 will attend my husband, be his nurse, Diet his sicknefs, for it is my office, And will have no attorney but myself And therefore let me have him home with me. Be patient for 1 will not let him stir, Till 1 have used the approved means 1 have, With wholesome syrups, drugs, and holy prayers, To make of him a formai man again It is a branch and parcel of mine oath, A charitable duty of my order Therefore depart, and leave him here with me. ~y 1 will not hence, and leave my husband here And ill it doth beseem your holinefs, To separate the husband and the wife. Be quiet, and depart, thou shalt not have him. Exit Z~c. Complain unto the duke of this indignity. Corne, go 1 will fall prostrate at his feet, And never rise until my tears and prayers Have won his grace to corne in person hither, And take perforce my husband from the abbefs. Mer. By this, 1 think, the dial points at five Anon, 1 am sure, the duke himself in person Cornes this way to the melancholy vale The place of death and sorry execution, Behind the ditches of the abbey here. ~yz~. Upon what cause ? jM ?r. To see a reverend Syracusan merchant, Who put unluckily into this bay Against the aws and statutes of this town, Beheaded publicly for his offence. See, where they come we will behold his death. Luc. Kneel to the duke, before he pafs the abbey. Enter Z~M~ attended ~Es~ bare-headed, with the Headsman and other Q~ Z~z~. Yet once again proclaim it publicly, If any friend will pay the sum for him, He shall not die, so much we tender him. ~y. Justice, most sacred duke, against the abbels' Z~ She is a virtuous and a reverend lady It cannot be, that she hath done thee wrong. ~r. May it please your grace, Antipholus, my hus-band, Whom 1 made lord of me and all I had, At your important letters,-this ill day A most outrageous fit of madnels took him That desperately he hurried through the street, With him his bondman, all as mad as he, Doing displeasure to the citizens By rushing in their houses, bearing thence Rings, jewels, any thing his rage did like. Once did 1 get him bound, and sent him home, Whiist to take order for the wrongs 1 went, That here and there his fury had committed. Anon, 1 wot not by what strong escape, He broke from those that had the guard of him And, with his mad attendant and himself, Each one with ireful pafsion, with drawn swords, Met us again, and, madly bent on us, Chased us away till, raising of more aid, We came again to bind them then they fled Into this abbey, whither we pursued them And here the abbefs shuts the gates on us, And will not suffer us'to fetch him out, Nor send him forth, that we may bear him hence. Therefore, most gracious duke, with thy command, Let him be brought forth, and borne hence for help. Duke. Long since, thy husband serv'd me in my wars And 1 to thee engag'd a prince's word, When thou didst make him master of thy bed, To do him all the grace and good 1 could.-Go, some of you, knock at the abbey-gate, And bid the lady abbefs come to me 1 will determine this, before 1 stir. Enter a Servant. ~y~. 0 mistrefs, mistrefs, shift and save yourself! My master and his man are both broke loose, Beaten the maids a-row, and bound the doctor, Whose beard they have singed off with brands of fire And ever as it blazed, they threw on him Great pails of puddled mire to quench the hair My master preaches patience to him while His man with scifsars nicks him like a fool And, sure, unlefs you send some present help, Between them they will kill the conjurer. Peace, fool, thy master and his man are here And that is false, thou dost report to us. Serv. Mistrefs, upon my life, 1 tell you true 1 have not breath'd almost, since 1 did see it. He cries for you, and vows, if he can take you, To scorch your face, and to disfigure you cry w~ Hark, hark, 1 hear him, mistrefs fly, be gone. .ZM~. Corne, stand by me, fear nothing Guard with halberds, Ah me, it is my husband Witnefs you, That he is borne about invisible Even now we hous' d him in the abbey here And now he's there, past thought of human reason. Enter Antipholus and Dromio C~JM~. J~. Justice, most gracious duke, oh, grant me justice Even for the service that long since 1 did thee, When 1 bestrid thee in the wars, and took Deep scars to save thy life even for the blood That then 1 lost for thee, now grant me justice. ~Eg~z. Unlefs the fear of death doth make me dote, 1 see my son Antipholus, and Dromio. Ant. E. Justice, sweet prince, against that woman there. She whom thou gav'st to me to be my wife That hath abused and dishonour'd me, Even in the strength and height of injury Beyond imagination is the wrong, That she this day hath shamelefs thrown on me. .ZM~. Discover how, and thou shalt find me just. j~. This day, great duke, she shut the doors upon me, While she with harlots feasted in my house. Z~M~. A grievous fault Say, woman, didst thou so? No, my good lord -myselr, he, and my sister, To-day did dine together So befal my soûl, As this is false, he burdens me withal! Luc. Ne'er may 1 look on day, nor sleep on night, But she tells to your highnefs simple truth 0 perjur'd woman! They are both forsworn, In this the madman justly chargeth them. ~jE. My liege, 1 am advised what 1 say Neither disturb'd with the effect of wine, Nor heady-rash, provok'd with raging ire, Albeit, my wrongs might make one wiser mad. This woman lock'd me out this day from dinner That goldsmith there, were he not pack'd with lier, Could witnefs it, for he was with me then, Who parted with me to go fetch a chain, Promising to bring it to the Porcupine, Where Balthazar and 1 did dine together. Our dinner done, and he not coming thither, 1 went to seek him in thé street 1 met him And in his company, that gentleman. There did this perjur'd goldsmith swear me down, That 1 this day of him receiv'd the chain, Which, God he knows, 1 saw not for the which, He did arrest me with an officer. 1 did obey and sent my peasant home For certain ducats he with none return'd. Then fairly 1 bespoke the officer, To go in person with me to my house. By the way we met My wife, her sister, and a rabble more Of vile confederates along with them They brought one Pinch a hungry lean-faced villain, A mere anatomy, a mountebank, A thread-bare juggler, and a fortune-teller A needy, hollow-ey'd, sharp-looking wretch, A living dead man this pernicious slave, Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer And, gazing in mine eyes, feeling my pulse, And with no face, as 'twere, outfacing me, Cries out, 1 was poisefs'd then altogether They fell upon me, bound me, bore me thence And in a dark and dankish vault at home There left me and my man, both bound together Till gnawing with my teeth my bonds in sunder, 1 gain'd my freedom, and immediately Ran hither to your grace whom 1 beseech To give me ample satisfaction For these deep shames and great indignities. My lord, in truth, thus far 1 witnefs with him That he dined not at home, but was lock'd out. .ZM~. But had he such a chain of thee or no? He had, my lord and when he ran in here, These people saw the chain about his neck. Mer. Besidës, 1 will be sworn, these ears of mine Heard you confefs, you had the chain of him, After you first forswore it on the mart, And, thereupon, 1 drew my sword on you And then you fled into this abbey here, From whence, 1 think, you are come by miracle. Ant. E. 1 never came within these abbey walls, Nor ever didst thou draw thy sword on me 1 never saw the chain, so help me heaven! And this is false, you burden me withal. Duke. Why, what an intricate impeach is this 1 think, you all have drank of Circe's cup. If here you hous'd him, here he would have been If he were mad, he would not plead so coldly You say, he dined at home the goldsmith here Denies that saying -Sirrah, what say you ? Dro. E. Sir, he dined with her there, at the Porcupine. Cour. He did and from my finger snatch'd that ring. 'Tis true, my liege, this ring 1 had of her. Duhe. Saw'st thou him enter at the abbey here? Cour. As sure, my liege, as 1 do see your grace. 2M~. Why, this is strange -Go call the abbefs hither 1 think, you are all mated, or stark mad. ~E~ x~ ~Eg~z. Most mighty duke, vouchsafe me speak a word. Haply, 1 see a friend will save my life, And pay the sum that may deliver me. Duke. Speak freely, Syracusan, what thou wilt. J~ Is not your name, sir, call.'d Antipholus? And is not that your bondman Dromio? Dro. Within this hour 1 was his bondman, sir, But he, 1 thank him, gnaw'd in two my cords Now am 1 Dromio, and his man, unbound. 1 am sure, you both of you remember me. Dro. E. Ourselves we do remember, sir, by you For lately we were bound, as you are now. You are not Pinch's patient, are you, sir? ~g~z. Why look you strange on me ? you know me well. E. 1 never saw you in my life, till now. ~E~ Oh! grief hath chang'd me, since you saw me last And careful hours, with Time's deformed hand Hâve written strange defeatures in my face But tell me yet, dost thou not know my voice ? Ant. E. Neither. Dromio, nor thou? Dro. E. No, trust me, sir, nor I. 1 am sure, thou dost. Dro. J?. Ay, sir? but 1 am sure, 1 do not and whatso-ever a man denies, you are now bound to believe him. Not know my voice! 0, time's extremity Hast thou so crack'd and splitted my poor tongue, In seven short years, that here my only son Knows not my feeble key of untun'd cares ? Though now this grained face of mine be hid In sap-consuming winter's drizzled snow, And all the conduits of my blood froze up Yet hath my night of life some memory, My wasting lamps some fading glimmer left, My dull deaf ears a little use to hear Ail these old witnefses I cannot err, Tell me, thou art my son Antipholus. E. 1 never saw my father in my life. ~Eg~z. But seven years since, in Syracusa, boy, Thou know'st, we parted but, perhaps, my son, Thou sham'st to acknowledge me in misery. Ant. E. The duke, and all that know me in the city, Can witnefs with me that it is not so 1 ne'er saw Syracusa in my life. Duke. 1 tell thee, Syracusan, twenty years Have 1 been patron to Antipholus, During which time he ne'er saw Syracusa 1 see, thy age and dangers make thee dote. Enter the ~~ with ~~M~ Syracusan, and Dromio Syracusan. Most mighty duke, behold a man much wrong'd. all galher to see A~. ~y. 1 see two husbands, or mine eyes deceive me. j~M~. One of these men is Genius to the other And so of these Which is the natural man, And which the spirit? Who deciphers them? Dro. S. I, sir, am Dromio command him away. Dro. E. I, sir, am Dromio pray, let me stay. Ant. S. ~Egeon, art thou not? or else his ghost? Z~ 0, my old master! who hath bound him here ? Whoever bound him, 1 will loose his bonds, And gain a husband by his liberty -Speak, old ~Egeon, if thou be'st the man That hadst a wife once call'd ~Emilia, That bore thee at a burden two fair sons 0, if thou be'st the same ~Egeon, speak, And speak unto the same ~Emilia ~g~z. If 1 dream not, thou art ~Emilia If thou art she, tell me, where is that son That floated with thee on the fatal raft? By men of Epidamnum, he, and I, And thé twin Dromio, all were taken up But, by and by, rude fishermen of Corinth By force took Dromio, and my son from them, And me they left with those of' Epidamnum What then became of them, 1 cannot tell I, to this fortune that you see me in. ZM~. Why, here begins his morning story right These two Antipholus's, these two so like, And these two Dromios, one in semblance,-Besides her urging of her wreck at sea,-These are the parents to these children, Which accidentally are met together. Antipholus, thou cam'st from Corinth first. ~6'. No, sir, not I 1 came from Syracuse. Duke. Stay, stand apart 1 know not which is which. J~. 1 came from Corinth, my most gracious lord. Dy ?. jE. And 1 with him. Ant. E. Brought to this town by that most famous warrior Duke Menaphon, your most renowned uncle. ~y. Which of you two did dine with me to-day? I, gentle mistrefs. And are not you my husband? ~jE. No, 1 say nay to that. And so do I, yet did she call me so And this fair gentlewoman, her sister here, Did call me brother -What 1 told you then, 1 hope, 1 shall have leisure to make good If this be not a dream, 1 see, and hear. That is the chain, sir, which you had of me. ~ 1 think it be, sir 1 deny it not. E. And you, sir, for this chain arrested me. 1 think 1 did, sir 1 deny it not. 1 sent you money, sir, to be your bail, By Dromio but 1 think he brought it not. Dro. E. No, none by me. This purse of ducats 1 receiv'd from you, And Dromio my man did bring them me 1 see, we still did meet each other's man, And 1 was ta'en for him, and he for me, And thereupon these Errors are arose. E. These ducats pawn 1 for my father here. JM~ It shall not need, thy father hath his life. Cour. Sir, 1 must have that diamond from you. E. There, take it and much thanks for my good cheer. Renowned duke, vouchsafe to take the pains To go with us into the abbey here, And hear at large discoursed all our fortunes And all that are afsembled in this place, That by this sympathized one day's error Have suffer' d wrong, go, keep us company, And we shall make full satisfaction.-Twenty-five years have 1 but gone in travail Of you, my sons nor, till this present hour, My heavy burdens are delivered -The duke, my husband, and my children both, And you the calendars of their nativity, Go to a gofsip's feast, and go with me After so long grief, such nativity! Duke. With all my heart, I'll golsip at this feast. jE~M~ Z~z~ Abbefs, J~~y~ C ?My~ Merchant, and Attendants. Dro. Master, shall 1 fetch your stuff from ship-board? Ant. E. Dromio, what stuffofmine hast thou embark'd? Dro. S. Your goods, that lay at host, sir, in the. Centaur. He speaks to me 1 am your master, Dromio Come, go with us we'll look to that anon Embrace thy brother there, rejoice with him. jE'~M~~ Antipholus and E. Adriana and Luciana. Dro. S. There is a fat friend at your master's house, That kitchen'd me for you to-day at dinner She now shall be my sister, not my wife. Dro. jE. Methinks, you are my glafs, and not my brother 1 see by you, 1 am a sweet-faced youth. Will you walk in to see their gofsiping ? Dro. S. Not I, sir you are my elder. Z~?. That's a question how shall we try it? Z~rc. We'll draw cuts for the senior till then, lead thou nrst. Z~. Nay, then thus We came into the world, like brother and brother And now let's go hand in hand, not one before another. ~MM~. ~7 ~t Z.M~ CO. DRAMATIC WORKS 0F SHAKSPEARE. REVISED ~r GEORGE yy~jv~. LONDON PRINTED BY W. BULMERANDCO. ~att~MM ~ctntht~B ~ FOR JOHN AND JOSIAH BOYDELL, AND GEORGE NICOL FroM Types of W. Martin. 1791. THE m C~~O ~0~ JVCT~ JVG PERSONS 3F THE DRAMA Don Pedro, Prince of Arragon. Don ~o~K, ~M Bastard Brother. Claudio, a young LordSE. Enter Leonato, Hero, and Beatrice, ~A Mefsenger. LEONATO 1 LJEARN in this letter, that Don Pedro of Arragon comes this night to Mefsina. Mes. He is very near by this he was not three leagues off when I left him. Z~c~. How many gentlemen have you lost in this action? Mes. But few of any sort, and none of name. Leon. A victory is twice itself, when the achiever brings home full numbers. 1 find here, that Don Pedro hath be-stowed much honour on a young Florentine, called Claudio. Mes. Much deserved on his part, and equally remem-bered by Don Pedro He hath borne himself beyond the promise of his age doing, in the figure of a lamb, the feats of a lion he hath, indeed, better bettered expectation, than you must expect of me to tell you how. Leon. He hath an uncle here in Mefsina will be very much glad of it. Mes. 1 have already delivered him letters, and there ap-pears much joy in him even so much, that joy could not shew itself modest enough, without a badge of bitternefs. Leon. Did he break out into tears ? Mes. In great measure. Z~ A kind overflow of kindnefs There are no faces truer than those that are so washed. How much better is it to weep at joy, than to joy at weeping ? Beat. 1 pray you, is signior Montanto returned from the wars, or no? Mes. 1 know none of that name, lady there was none such in the army of any sort. Leon. What is he that you ask for, nièce ? Hero. My cousin means signior Benedick of Padua. Mes. 0, he is returned and as pleasant as ever he was. Beat. He set up his bills here in Mefsina, and challenged Cupid at the night and my uncle's fool, reading thé chal-lenge, subscribed for Cupid, and challenged him at the bird-bolt.-1 pray you, how many hath he killed and eaten in these wars? But how many hath he killed? for, indeed, 1 promised. to eat all of his killing. Leon. Faith, niece, you tax signior Benedick too much but he will be meet with you, 1 doubt it not. Mes. He hath done good service, lady, in these wars. Beat. You had musty victual, and he hath holp to eat it he is a very valiant trencher-man, he hath an excellent stomach. Mes. And a good soldier too, lady. Beat. And a good soldier to a lady -But what is he to a lord ? Mes. A lord to a lord, a man to a man stuffed with all honourable virtues. Beat. It is so, indeed he is no lefs than a stuffed man but for the stumng,-Well, we are all mortal. Z~. You must not, sir, mistake my niece there is a kind of merry war betwixt signior Benedick and her they never meet, but there is a skirmish of wit between them. Beat. Alas, he gets nothing by that. In our last conflict, four of his five wits went halting off, and now is the whole man governed with one so that if he have wit enough to keep himself warm, let him bear it for a difference between himself and his horse for it is all the wealth that he hath left, to be known a reasonable creature.-Who is his com-panion now ? he hath every month a new sworn brother. Mes. Is it pofsible? Beat. Very easily possible he wears his faith but as the fashion of his hat, it ever changes with the next block. 1 see, lady, the gentleman is not in your books. Beat. No an he were, 1 would burn my study. But, 1 pray you, who is his companion ? Is there no young squarer now, that will make a voyage with him to the devil? Mes. He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio. Beat. 0 Lord He will hang upon him like a disease he is sooner caught than the pestilence, and the taker runs presently mad. God help the noble Claudio! if he have caught thé Benedick, it will cost him a thousand pound ere he be cured. M~. 1 will hold friends with you, lady. Beat. Do, good friend. Leon. You will never run mad, niece. Beat. No, not till a hot January. Mes. Don Pedro is approached. Enter Don Pedro, Don y~~ Claudio, Benedick, ~c. Pedro. Good signior Leonato, you are come to meet your trouble the fashion of the world is to avoid cost, and you encounter it. Z Never came trouble to my house in the likenefs of your grace for trouble being gone, comfbrt should remain but, when you depart from me, sorrow abides, and happi-nefs takes his leave. Pedro. You embrace your charge too willingly.-I think, this is your daughter. Leon. Her mother hath many times told me so. Bene. Werë you in doubt, sir, that you asked her? Leon. Signior Benedick, no for then were you a child. Pedro. You have it full, Benedick we may guels by this what you are, being a man. Truly, the lady fathers herself -Be happy, lady! for you are like an honourable father. Bene. If signior Leonato be her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders, for all Mefsina, as like him as she is. Beat. 1 wonder, that you will still be talking, signior Benedick nobody marks you. Bene. What, my dear lady Disdain are you yet living ? Beat. Is it polsible, disdain should die, while she hath such meet food to feed it, as signior Benedick ? Courtesy it-self must convert to disdain, if you corne in her presence. Bene. Then is courtesy a turn-coat But it is certain, 1 am loved of all ladies, only you excepted and 1 would 1 could find in my heart that 1 had not a hard heart for, truly, I love none. Beat. A dear happinefs to women they would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor. 1 thank God, and my cold blood, 1 am of your humour for that 1 had rather hear my dog bark at a crow, than a man swear he loves me. Bene. God keep your ladyship still in that mind! so some gentleman or other shall scape a predestinate scratched face. Scratching could not make it worse, an 'twere such a face as yours were. Bene. Well, you are a rare parrot-teacher. j8~. A bird of my tongue, is better than a beast of yours. Bene. 1 would, my horse had the speed of your tongue and so good a continuer But keep your way in God's name 1 have done. Beat. You always end with a jade's trick 1 know you of old. Pedro. This is the sum of all Leonato,-signior Clau-dio, and signior Benedick,-my dear friend Leonato, hath invited you all. 1 tell him, we shall stay here at the least a month and he heartily prays, some occasion may detain us longer 1 dare swear he is no hypocrite, but prays from his heart. Leon. If you swear, my lord, you shall not be forsworn. -Lot me bid you welcome, my lord being reconciled to the prince your brother, 1 owe you all duty. 7c~. 1 thank you 1 am not of many words, but 1 thank you. JL~. Please it your grace lead on ? Pedro. Your hand, Leonato we will go together. Exeunt but Benedick and Claudio. Claud. Benedick, didst thou note the daughter of signior Leonato ? Bene. 1 noted her not but 1 looked on her. G'~M~. Is she not a modest young lady? Bene. Do you question me, as an honest man should do, for my simple true judgment ? or would you have me speak after my custom, as being a profefsed tyrant to their sex? Claud. No, 1 pray thee, speak in sober judgment. Bene. Why, i'faith, methinks she is too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise, and too little for a great praise only this commendation 1 can afford her that, were she other than she is, she were unhandsome and being no other but as she is, 1 do not like her. Claud. Thou thinkest, 1 am in sport 1 pray thee, tell me truly how thou likest her. Bene. Would you buy her, that you enquire after her? Claud. Can the world buy such a jewel ? Bene. Yea, and a case to put it into. But speak you this with a sad brow ? or do you play the flouting Jack to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder, and Vulcan a rare car-penter ? Corne, in what key shall a man take you, to go in the song? Claud. In mine eye, she is the sweetest lady that ever 1 looked on. Bene. 1 can see yet without spectacles, and 1 see no such matter there's her cousin, an she were not pofsefsed with a fury, exceeds her as much in beauty, as the first of May doth the last of December. But 1 hope, you have no intent to turn husband have you ? Claud. 1 would scarce trust myself, though 1 had sworn the contrary, if Hero would be my wife. 2~ Is it corne to this, i'faith? Hath not the world one man, but he will wear his cap with suspicion ? Shall 1 never see a bachelor of threescore again? Go to, i'Iaith an thou wilt needs thrust thy neck into a yoke, wear the print of it, and sigh away Sundays. Look, Don Pedro is returned to seek you. Re-enter Don Pedro. Pedro. What secret hath held you here, thàt you followed not to Leonato's? Bene. 1 would, your grace would constrain me to tell. Pedro. 1 charge thee on thy allegiance. Bene. You hear, count Claudio 1 can be secret as a dumb man, 1 would have you think so but on my allegiance, mark you this, on my allegiance.-He is in love. With who?-now that is your grace's part.-Mark, how short his answer is -With Hero, Leonato's short daughter. Claud. If this were so, so were it uttered. Bene. Like the old tale, my lord it is not so, nor 'twas not so but, indeed, God forbid it should .be so. Claud. If my pafsion change not shortly, God forbid it should be otherwise. Pedro. Amen, if you love her for the lady is very well worthy. Claud. You speak this to fetch me in, my lord. Pedro. By my troth, 1 speak my thought. C~M~. And, in faith, my lord, 1 spoke mine. Bene. And, by my two faiths and troths, my lord, 1 spoke mine. Claud. That 1 love her, 1 feel. Pedro. That she is worthy, 1 know. Bene. That 1 neither feel how she should be loved, nor know how she should be worthy, is the opinion that nre cannot melt out of me 1 will die in it at the stake. Pedro. Thou wast ever an obstinate heretic in the de-spite of beauty. Claud. And never could maintain his part, but in the force of his will. Bene. That a woman conceived me, 1 thank her that she brought me up, 1 likewise give her most humble thanks but that 1 will have a recheat winded in my forchead, or hang my bugle in an invisible baldrick, all women shall pardon me Because 1 will not do them the wrong to mis-trust any, 1 will do myself the right to trust none and the fine is, for the which 1 may go the nner 1 will live a ba-chelor. Pedro. 1 shall see thee, ere 1 die, look pale with love. Bene. With anger, with sicknefs, or with hunger, my lord not with love prove, that ever 1 lose more blood with love, than 1 will get again with drinking, pick out mine eyes with a ballad-maker's pen, and hang me up at the door of a brothel-house, for the sign of blind Cupid. Pedro. Well, if ever thou dost fall from this faith, thou wilt prove a notable argument. Bene. If 1 do, hang me in a bottle like a cat, and shoot at me and he that hits me, let him be clapped on the shoulder, and called Adam. Pedro. Well, as time shall try time the savage bull doth bear ~j~o~. The savage bull may but if ever the sensible Be-nedick bear it, pluck off the bull's horns, and set them in my forehead and let me be vilely painted and in such great letters as they write-Here is good horse to hire, let them signify under my sign-.H~j~ may see Benedick tlle married man. Claud. If this should ever happen, thou would'st be horn-mad. Pedro. Nay, if Cupid have not spent all his quiver in Venice, thou wilt quake for this shortly. Bene. 1 look for an earthquake too then. Pedro. Well, you will temporize with the hours. ln the mean time, good signiorBenedick, repair to Leonato's com-mend me to him, and tell him 1 will not fail him at supper for, indeed, he hath made great preparation. Bene. 1 have almost matter enough in me for such an em-balsage and so 1 commit you Claud. -to the tuition of God From my house, if 1 had it, Pedro. -the sixth ofjuly Your loving friend, Benedick. Bene. Nay, mock not, mock not The body of your dis-course is sometime guarded with fragments, and the guards are but slightiy basted on neither ere you nout old ends any further, examine your conscience and so 1 leave you. fjE~. Claud. My liege, your highnefs now may do me good. Pedro. My love is thine to teach teach it but how, And thou shalt see how apt it is to learn Any hard lefson that may do thee good. Claud. Hath Leonato any son, my lord ? Pedro. No child but Hero, she's his only heir Dost thou affect her Claudio ? Claud. 0 my lord, When you went onward on this ended action, 1 looked upon her with a soldier's eye, That liked, but had a rougher task in hand Than to drive liking to the name of love But now 1 am returned, and that war-thoughts Have left their places vacant, in their rooms Corne thronging soft and delicate desires, Ail prompting me how fair young Hero is, Saying, 1 liked her ere 1 went to wars. jP~ro. Thou wilt be like a lover presently, And tire the hearer with a book of words If thou dost love fair Hero, cherish it And 1 will break with her, and with her father, And thou shalt have her Was't not to this end, That thou began'st to twist so fine a story? Claud. How sweetly do you minister to love, That know love's grief by his complexion! But lest my liking might too sudden seem, 1 would have salved it with a longer treatise. Pedro. What need the bridge much broader than the flood? The fairest grant is the necefsity Look, what will serve, is fit 'tis once, thou lovest And 1 will fit thee with the remedy. 1 know, we shall have revelling to-night 1 will afsume thy part in some disguise, And tell fair Hero 1 am Claudio And in her bosom I'll unclasp my heart, And take her hearing prisoner with the force And strong encounter of my amorous tale Then, after, to her father will 1 break And, the conclusion is, she shall be thine In practice let us put it presently. Exeunt. C II A ROOM IN LEONATO~S HOUSE. Enter Leonato, and Antonio. Leo. How now,brother? Where is my cousin, your son? Hath he provided this music ? Ant. He is very busy about it. But, brother, 1 can tell you news that you yet dreamed not of. Leon. Are they good ? As the event stamps them but they have a good cover, they shew well outward. The prince and count Claudio, walking in a thick-pleached alley in my orchard, were thus much overheard by a man of mine Thé prince discovered to Claudio, that he loved my niece your daugh-ter, and meant to acknowledge it this night in a dance and, if he found her accordant, he meant to take the present time by the top, and instantly break with you of it. Z~. Hath the fellow any wit, that told you this? A good sharp fellow 1 will send for him, and question him yourself. Z~z. No, no we will hold it as a dream, till it appear itself but 1 will acquaint my daughter withal, that she may be the better prepared for an answer, if peradventure this be true. Go you, and tell her of it. ~~r~ ~~ crofs the stage ~ Cousins, you know whatyou have to do.-0, 1 cry you mercy, friend go you with me, and 1 will use your skill Good cousins, have a care this busy time. LE~M~. CE ~E ANOTHER APARTMENT IN LEONATO~S HOUSE. .E~y jDc~ y~M~ and C~y' x~. Cc~. What the goujere, my lord why are you thus out of measure sad ? ~c~z. There is no measure in the occasion that breeds it, therefore the sadnefs is without IImit. C~r. You should hear reason. ~o~. And when 1 have heard it, what blefsing bring-eth it? Conr. If not a present remedy, yet a patient suSerance. I wonder, that thou being as thou say'st thou art born under Saturn, goest about to apply a moral medi-cine to a mortifying mischief. I cannot hide what 1 am 1 must be sad when 1 have cause, and smile at no man'sjests eat when 1 have stomach, and wait for no man's leisure sleep when 1 am drowsy, and tend on no man's businefs laugh when 1 am merry, and claw no man in his humour. Conr. Yea, but you must not make the full shew of this, till you may do It without controulment. You have of late stood out against your brother, and he hath ta'en you newly into his grace where It Is impofsible you should take true root, but by the fair weather that you make yourself it is needful that you frame the season for your own harvest. ~c~. 1 had rather be a canker in a hedge, than a rose in his grace and it better fits my blood to be disdained of all, than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any in this, though 1 cannot be said to be a flattering honest man, it must not be denied but 1 am a plain-dealing villain. 1 am trusted with a muzzle, and enfranchised with a clog therefore 1 have decreed not to sing in my cage If 1 had my moùth, 1 would bite if 1 had my liberty, 1 would do my liking in the mean time, let me be that 1 am, and seek not to alter me. Conr. Can you make no use of your discontent ? ~oA~. 1 make all use of it, for 1 use if only. Who cornes here? what news Borachio ? Enter Borachio. Bora. 1 came yonder from a great supper the prince, your brother, is royally entertained by Leonato and 1 can give you intelligence of an intended marriage. y~M. Will it serve for any model to build mischief on? What is he for a fool, that betroths himself to unquietnefs? Bora. Marry, it is your brother's right hand. y~. Who? the most exquisite Claudio? Bora. Even he. yc~M. A proper squire! And who, and who? which way looks he? Bora. Marry, on Hero, the daughter and' heir of Leonato. ~cAM. A very forward March-chick How came you to this? Bora. Being entertained for a perfumer, as 1 was smok-ing a musty room, cornes me the prince and Claudio, hand in hand, in sad conference 1 whip'd me behind the arras and there heard it agreed upon, that the prince should woo Hero for himself, and having obtained her, give her to count Claudio. ~oA?z. Corne, corne, let us thither this may prove food to my displeasure that young startup hath all the glory of my overthrow if 1 can crofs him any way, 1 biefs myself every way You are both sure, and will afsist me? Conr. To the death, my lord. y~M. Let us to the great supper their cheer is the greater, that 1 am subdued 'Would the cook were of my rnind!-Shall we go prove what is to be done ? Bora. We will wait upon your lordship. .E~M~. C 2 77 y C F JV 7 A HALL IN LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Leonato, Antonio, Hero, and Beatrice. Lean. Was not countjohn here at supper? 1 saw him not. Beat. How tartly that gentleman looks 1 never can see him, but 1 am heart-burned an hour after. Hero. He is of a very melancholy disposition. Beat. He were an excellent man, that were made just in the midway between him and Benedick the one is too like an image, and says nothing and the other, too like my la-dy's eldest son, evermore tattling. Leon. Then half signior Benedick's tongue in count John's mouth, and haïf count John's melancholy in signior Bene-dick's face, Beat. With a good leg, and a good fbot, uncle, and mo-ney enough in his purse, such a man would win any woman in the world,-if he could get her good will. Leon. By my troth, niece, thou wilt never get thee a hus-band, if thou be so shrewd of thy tongue. Ant. In faith, she is too curst. Beat. Too curst is more than curst 1 shall lefsen God's sending that way for it is said, God sends a curst cc~ short horns but to a cow too curst he sends none. Leon. So, by being too curst, God will send you no horns. Just, if he send me no husband for the which blefsing, 1 am at him upon my knees every morning and evening Lord 1 could not endure a husband with a beard on his face 1 had rather lie in the woollen. Z~z. You may light on a husband that hath no beard. Beat. What should 1 do with him? drefs him in my apparel, and make him my waiting-gentlewoman ? He that hath a beard, is more than a youth and he that hath no beard, is le s than a man and he that is more than a youth, is not for me and he that is lefs than a man, 1 am not for him Therefore 1 will even take sixpence in earnest of the bearherd, and lead his apes into hell. Z~ Well then, go you into hell ? Beat. No but to the gate and there will the devil meet me, like an old cuckold, with horns on his head, and say, Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven here's ~o~~ for j 'M~ maids so deliver 1 up my apes, and away to saint Peter for thé heavens he shews me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long. Well, niece, 1 trust you will be ruled by your fa-ther. to Hero. Beat. Yes, faith it is my cousin's duty to make courtesy, and say, Father, as ~j 'c~but yet for all that, cou-sin, let him be a handsome fellow or else make another courtesy, and say, ~z~~ please me. Leon. WeU, nièce, 1 hope to see you one day ntted with a husband. Beat. Not till God make men of some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be over-mastered with a piece of valiant dust ? to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward mari? No, uncle, l'il none Adam's sons are my brethren and, truly, 1 hold it a sin to match in my kindred. Leon. Daughter, remember what 1 told you if the prince do solicit you in that kind, you know your answer. Beat. The fault will be in the music, cousin, if you be not wooed in good time if the prince be too important, tell him, there is measure in every thing, and so dance out the answer. For hear me, Hero, Wooing, wedding, and re-penting, is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a cinque-pace the first suit is hot and hasty, like a Scotch .jig, and full as fantastical the wedding, mannerly-modest, as a measure, full of state and ancientry and then comes repentance, and, with his bad legs, falls into the cinque-pace faster and faster, till he sink into his grave. Z~x. Cousin, you apprehend pafsing shrewdly. Beat. 1 have a good eye, uncle 1 can see a church by day-light. Leon. The revellers are entering brother, make good room. Enter Don Pedro, Claudio, Benedick, ~2 xr jDc~~c~, Borachio, Margaret, Ursula, and others, masked. Pedro. Lady, will you walk about with your friend ? Hero. So you walk softly, and look sweetly, and say no-thing, 1 am yours for the walk and, especially, when 1 walk away. Pedro. With me in your company ? Hero. 1 may say so, when 1 please. Pedro. And when please you to say so ? Hero. When 1 like your favour for God defend, the lute should be like the case Pedro. My visor is Philemon's roof within the house is Jove. Hero. Why, then your visor should be thatched. Pedro. Speak low, if you speak love. .6~A. Well, 1 would you did like me. Marg. So would not I, for your own saké for 1 have many ill qualities. Balth. Which is one ? Marg. 1 say my prayers aloud. j6 ~A. 1 love you the better, the hearers may cry, Amen. Marg. God match me with a good dancer! Amen. Marg. And God keep him out of my sight, when thé dance is done!-Answer, clerk. ~~A. No more words the clerk is answered. Urs. 1 know you well enough you are signior An-tonio. Ant. At a word, 1 am not. Urs. 1 know you by the waggling of your head. Ant. To tell you true, 1 counterfeit him. Urs. You could never do him so ill-well, unlefs you were the very man Here is his dry hand up and down you are he, you are he. ~?~. At a word, 1 am not. Urs. Corne, come do you think 1 do not know you by your excellent wit? Can virtue hide itself? Go to, mum, you are he graces will appear, and there is an end. Beat. Will you not tell me who told you so ? Bene. No, you shall pardon me. Beat. Nor will you not tell me who you are ? Bene. Not now. Beat. That 1 was disdainfui,-and that 1 had my good wit out of the ~y~ Merry 7~Well, this was sig-nior Benedick that said so. Bene. What is he ? Beat. 1 am sure, you know him well enough. Bene. Not I, believe me. Beat. Did he never make you laugh ? Bene. 1 pray you, what is he ? Beat. Why, he is the prince's jester a very dull fool only his gift is in devising impofsible slanders none but libertines delight in him and the commendation is not in his wit, but in his villainy for he both pleases men, and angers them, and then they laugh at him, and beat him 1 am sure, he is in the fleet 1 would he had boarded me. Bene. When 1 know the gentleman, 1 will tell him what you say. Do, do he will but break a comparison or two on me which, peradventure, not marked, or not laughed at, strikes him into melancholy and then there is a partridge' wing saved, for the fool will eat no supper that night. We must follow the leaders. ~M~c within. Bene. In every good thing. Beat. Nay, if they lead to any ill, 1 will leave them at the next turning. Exeunt but Don y ?A~ Borachio, and Claudio. John. Sure, my brother is amorous on Hero, and hath withdrawn her father to break with him about it The la-dies follow her, and but one visor r em.ains. .Bora. And that is Claudio 1 know him by his bearing. 7cA~. Are not you signior Benedick ? Claud. You know me well 1 am he. ~o~. Signior, you are very near my brother in his love he is enamoured on Hero I pray you, difsuade him from her, she is no equal for his birth you may do the part of an honest man in it. Claud. How know you he loves her ? ycA?z. 1 heard him swear his affection. Bora. So did 1 too and he swore he would marry her to-night. y~A~. Corne, let us to the banquet. j~M~yc J3cr~. Claud. Thus answer 1 in name of Benedick, But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio.-'Tis certain so the prince wooes for himself. Friendship is constant in all other things, Save in the office and affairs of love Therefore, all hearts in love use their own tongues Let every eye negotiate for itself, And trust no agent for beauty is a witch, Against whose charms faith melteth into blood. This is an accident of hourly proof, Which 1 mistrusted not. Farewell therefore, Hero Benedick. Bene. Count Claudio? Claud. Yea, the same. Bene. Corne, will you go with me? Claud. Whither? Bene. Even to the next willow, about your own businefs, count. What fashion will you wear the garland of? About your neck, like an usurer's chain? or under your arm, like a lieutenant's scarf? You must wear it one way, for the prince hath got your Hero. Claud. 1 wish him joy of her. Bene. Why, that is spoken like an honest drover so they sell bullocks. But did you think, the prince would have served you thus? Claud. 1 pray you, leave me. Bene. Ho! now you strike like the blind man it was the boy that stole your meat, and you will beat the post. Claud. If it will not be, 1 will leave you. .Ë~. Bene. Alas, poor hurt fowl Now will he creep into sedges.-But, that my lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me! The prince's fool?-Ha! It may be, 1 go under that title, because 1 am merry.-Yea but so 1 am apt to do myself wrong 1 am not so reputed it is the base, the bitter disposition of Beatrice, that puts the world into her person, and so gives me out. Well, 1 will be revenged as 1 may. Re-enter Don jP~~ Hero, and Leonato. .P~c. Now, signior? where Is thé count? Did you see him? Bene. Troth, my lord, 1 have played the part of lady Fame. 1 found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a war-ren 1 told him, and, 1 think, 1 told him true, that your grace had got the good will of this young lady and 1 offered him my company to a willow tree, either to make him a garland, as being forsaken, or to bind him up a rod, as being worthy to be whipped. ~~ro. To be whipped! What is his fault? Bene. The flat transgression of a school-boy who, being overjoyed with finding a bird's nest, shews it his compa-nion, and he steals it. Pedro. Wilt thou make a trust a transgrefsion ? The trans-grefsion is in the stealer. Bene. Yet it had not been amifs, the rod had been made, and the garland too for the garland he might have worn himself and the rod he might have bestowed on you, who, as 1 take it, have stolen his birds' nest. Pedro. 1 will but teach them to sing, and restore them to the owner. Bene. If their singing answer your saying, by my faith, you say honestly. Pedro. The lady Beatrice hath a quarrel to you the gen-tleman, that danced with her, told her, she is much wronged by you. Bene. 0, she misused me past the endurance of a block an oak, but with one green leaf on it, would have answered her my very visor began to afsume life, and scold with her She told me, not thinking 1 had been myself, that 1 was the prince's jester that 1 was duller than a great thaw huddling jest upon jest, with such impofsible conveyance, upon me, that 1 stood like a man at a mark, with a whole army shooting at me She speaks poniards, and every word stabs if her breath were as terrible as her terminations, there were no living near her, she would infect to the north star. 1 would not marry her, though she were endowed with all that Adam had left him before he transgrefsed she would have made Hercules have turned spit yea, and have cleft his club to make the fire too. Come, talk not of her you shall find her the infernal Atc in good apparel. 1 would to God, some scholar would 'conjure her for, certainly, while she is here, a man may live as quiet in hell, as in a sanctuary and people sin upon purpose, because they would go thither so, indeed, all disquiet, horror, and perturba-tion follows her. Re-enter Claudio, and Beatrice. Pedro. Look, here she cornes. 2~ Will your grace command me any service to the world's end? 1 will go on the slightest errand now to the Antipodes, that you can devise to send me on 1 will fetch .you a toothpicker now from the farthest inch of Asia bring you the length of Presterjohn's foot fetch you a hair off the great Cham's beard do you any embafsage to the Pigmies, rather than hold three words' conference with this harpy You have no employment for me ? Pedro. None, but to desire your good company. Bene. 0 God, sir, here's a dish 1 love not 1 cannot en-dure my lady Tongue. jE~. Pedro. Come, lady, corne you have lost the heart of signior Benedick. Beat. Indeed, my lord, he lent it me a while and 1 gave him use for it, a double heart for his single one marry, once before, he won it of me with false dice, therefore your grace may well say, 1 have lost it. Pedro. You have put him down, lady, you have put him down. Beat. So 1 would not he should do me, my lord, lest 1 should prove the mother of fools. 1 have brought count Claudio, whom you sent me to seek. Pedro. Why, how now, count ? wherefore are you sad ? Claud. Not sad, my lord. Pedro. Howthen? Sick? Claud. Neither, my lord. Beat. The count is neither sad, nor sick, nor merry, nor well but civil, count civil as an orange, and something of that jealous complexion. Pedro. I'faith, lady, 1 think your blazon to be true though, 1 will be sworn, if he be so, his conceit is false. Hère, Claudio, 1 have wooed in thy name, and fair Hero is won 1 have broke with her father, and his good will obtained name the day of marriage, and God give thee joy Leon. Count, take of me my daughter, and with her my fortunes his grace hath made the match, and all grace say Amen to it Beat. Speak, count, it is your eue. Claud. Silence is the perfectest herald ofjoy 1 were but little happy, if 1 could say how much.-Lady, as you are mine, 1 am yours 1 give away myself for you, and dote upon the exchange. j6~ Speak, cousin or, if you cannot, stop his mouth with a kifs, and let not him speak neither. Pedro. In faith, lady, you have a merry heart. Beat. Yea, my lord 1 thank it, poor fool, it keeps on the windy side of care -My cousin tells him in his ear, that he is in her heart. Claud. And so she doth, cousin. Beat. Good Lord, for alliance !-Thus goes every one to the world but I, and 1 am sun-burned 1 may sit in a cor-ner, and cry, heigh ho! for a husband. Pedro. Lady Beatrice, 1 will get you one. Beat. 1 would rather have one of your father's getting Hath your grace never a brother like you ? Your father got excellent husbands, if a maid could come by them. Pedro. Will you have me, lady ? Beat. No, my lord, unlefs 1 might have another for work-ing-days your grace is too costly to wear every day -But, 1 beseech your grace, pardon me 1 was born to speak all mirth, and no matter. Pedro. Your silence most oeends me, and to be merry best becomes you for, out of question, you were born in a merry hour. Beat. No, sure, my lord, my mother cried but then there was a star danced, and under that was 1 born.-Cou-sins, God give you joy Leon. Niece, will you look to those things 1 told you of? 1 cry you mercy, uncle. By your grace's pardon. Exit Beatrice. Pedro. By my troth, a pleasant-spirited lady. Leon. There is little ofthe melancholy élément in her, my lord she is never sad, but when she sleeps and not ever sad then for 1 have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamed of unhappinefs, and waked herself with laughing. ~~o. She cannot endure to hear tell of a husband. Leon. 0, by no means she mocks all her wooers out of suit. Pedro. She were an excellent wife for Benedick. Leon. 0 Lord my lord, if they were but a week married, they would talk themselves mad. f~rc. Count Claudio, when mean you to go to church ? Claud. To-morrow, my lord Time goes on crutches, till love have all his rites. Z~ Not till Monday, my dear son, which is hence a just sevenight and a time too brief too, to have all things answer my mind. .P~rc. Corne, you shake the head at so long a breathing but, 1 warrant thee, Claudio, the time shall not go dully by us 1 will, in the interim, undertake one of Hercules' la-bours which is, to bring signior Benedick and the lady Beatrice into a mountain of affection, the one with the other. 1 would fain have it a match and 1 doubt not but to fashion it, if you three will but minister such afsistance as 1 shall give you direction. Z~z. My lord, 1 am for you, though it cost me ten nights' watchings. Claud. And I, my lord. jf~yc. And you too, gentle Hero? Hero. 1 will do any modest office, my lord, to help my cousin to a good husband. ~~yc. And Benedick is not the unhopefullest husband that 1 know thus far 1 can praise him he is of a noble strain, of approved valour, and confirmed honesty. 1 will teach you how to humour your cousin, that she shall fall in love with Benedick -and I, with your two helps, will so practise on Benedick, that, in despite of his quick wit and his queasy stomach, he shall fall in love with Beatrice. If we can do this, Cupid is no longer an archer his glory shall be ours, for we are the only love-gods. Go in with me, and 1 will tell you my drift. E~?~. ~CjEJVE Il ANOTHER APARTMENT IN LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Don ~0~, and Borachio. John. It is so the count Claudio shall marry the daugh-ter of Leonato. Bora. Yeâ my lord but 1 can crofs it. John. Any bar, any crofs, any impediment, will be medi-cinable to me 1 am sick in displeasure to him and what-soever cornes athwart his affection, ranges evenly with mine. How canst thou crofs this marriage ? Bora. Not honestly, my lord but so covertly, that no dishonesty shall appear in me. y~M. Shew me briefly how. Bora. 1 think, 1 told your lordship, a year since, how much 1 am in the favour of Margaret, the waiting-gentlewo-man to Hero. John. 1 remember. Bora. 1 can, at any unseasonable instant of the night, appoint her to look out at her lady's chamber window. ~oAM. What life is in that, to be the death of this mar-riage ? Bora. The poison of that lies in you to temper. Go you to the prince your brother spare not to tell him, that he hath wronged his honour in marrying the renowned Clau-dio whose estimation do you mightily hold up to a conta-minated stale, such a one as Hero. John. What proof shall 1 make ofthat? Bora. Proof enough to misuse the prince, to vex Claudio, to undo Hero, and kill Leonato Look you for any other ifsue ? John. Oniy to despite them, 1 will endeavour any thing. Bora. Go then, find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro, and the count Claudio, alone tell them, that you know that Hero loves me intend a kind of zeal both to the prince and Claudio as-in love of your brother's honour, who hath made this match and his friend's reputation, who is thus like to be cozened with the semblance of a maid,-that you have discovered thus. They will scarcely believe this with-out trial offer them instances which shall bear no lefs likelihood, than to see me at her chamber window hear me call Margaret, Hero hear Margaret term me Borachio and bring them to see this, the very night before the in-tended wedding for, in the mean time, 1 will so fashion the matter, that Hero shall be absent and there shall ap-pear such seeming truth of Hero's disloyalty, that jealousy shall be called afsurance, and all the preparation overthrown. y~. Grow this to what adverse iisue it can, 1 will put it in practice Be cunning in thé working this, and thy fee is a thousand ducats. Bora. Be you constant in the accusation, and my cun-ning shall not shame me. y~. 1 will presently go learn their day of marriage. f'E~M~. y C j~ J~ 777 LEONATO~S ORCHARD. Enter Benedick, and a Boy. J5~. Boy,-Boy. Signior. Bene. In my chamber window lies a book bring it hi-ther to me in the orchard. Boy. 1 am here already, sir. 1 know that -but 1 would have thee hence, and here again. E~j6c~. -1 do much wonder, that one man, seeing how much another man is a fool when he dedicates his behaviours to love, will, after he hath laughed at such shallow follies in others, become the argument of his own scorn, by falling in love And such a man is Claudio. 1 have known, when there was no music with him but the drum and the fife and now had he rather hear the tabor and the pipe 1 have known, when he would have walked ten mile afoot, to see a good armour and now will he lie ten nights awake, carving the fashion of a new doublet. He was wont to speak plain, and to the purpose, like an honest man, and a soldier and now is he turned orthographer his words are a very fantastical banquet, just so many strange dishes. May 1 be so converted, and see with these eyes? 1 cannot tell 1 think not 1 will not be sworn, but love may transform me to an oyster but 1 will take my oath on it, till he have made an oyster of me, he shall never make me such a fool. One woman is fair yet 1 am well another is wise yet 1 am well another virtuous yet 1 am well but till all graces be in one woman, one woman shall not corne in my grace. Rich she shall be, that is certain wise, or 1 will none virtuous, or 1 will never cheapen her fair, or 1 will never look on her mild, or come not near me noble, or not 1 for an angel of good discourse, an excellent musician, and her hair shall be of what colour it please God. Ha! the prince and monsieur Love 1 will hide me in the arbour. zM~nm'.y. Enter Don Pedro, Leonato, and Claudio. Pedro. Corne, shall we hear this music? C~M~. Yea, my good lord -How still the evening is, As hush'd on purpose to grace harmony! jP~yc. See you where Benedick hath hid himself? Claud. 0 very well, my lord the music ended, We'll fit the kid fox with a pennyworth. Enter Balthazar, with ~~yo. Come, Balthazar, we'11 hear that song again. j6~~A. 0 good my lord, tax not so bad a voice To slander music any more than once. jP~fo. It is the witnefs still of excellency, To put a strange face on his own perfection -1 pray thee, sing, and let me woo no more. ~~A. Because you talk of wooing, 1 will sing Since many a wooer doth commence his suit To her he thinks not worthy yet he wooes Yet will he swear, he loves. Pedro. Nay, pray thee, come Or, if thou wilt hold longer argument, Do it in notes. ~~A. Note this before my notes, There's not a note of mine that's worth the noting. jP~yc. Why these are very crotchets that he speaks Note, notes, forsooth, and noting! jS~. Now, Divine air! now is his soul ravished!-Is it not strange, that sheep's guts should hale souls out of men's bodies?-Well, a horn for my money, when all is done. S 0 NG. ~A no more, ladies, sigh no more, were deceivers ever One foot in sea, and one shore 7o one thing constant never 7~~ sigh not so, But let them go, And be you blithe and bonny Cm~r~g ~c~y ~CM~~ c~ ~c~ Into, Hey M~ 5'~ no more sing no mo Of ~M~~ so eM and yX~~r~~ c z~~ ever Since ~M~r~ y~~ sigh not ~c. Pedro. By my troth, a good song. ~~A. And an ill singer, my lord. P~c. Ha? no no, faith thou singest well enough for a shift. Bene. ~ An he had been a dog that should have howled thus, theywould have hanged him and 1 pray God, his bad voice bode no mischief 1 had as lief have heard the night-raven, come what plague could have corne after it. Pedro. Yea, marry -Dost thou hear, Balthazar? 1 pray thee get us some excellent music for to-morrow night we would have it at the lady Hero's chamber window. ~~A. The best 1 can, my lord. J~~fc. Do so farewell. E~ and ~f~ Come hither, Leonato What was it you told me of to-day? that your niece Beatrice was in love with signior Benedick ? Claud. 0 ay -Stalk on, stalk on the fowl sits. ~~ toPe-~. 1 did never think that lady would have loved any man. Leon. No, nor 1 neither but most wonderful, that she should so dote on signior Benedick, whom she hath in all outward behaviours seemed ever to abhor. J~T~. Is it pofsible ? Sits the wind in that corner? ~ Leon. By my troth, my lord, 1 cannot tell what to think of it but, that she loves him with an enraged affection, it is past the infinite of thought. JP~c. May be, she doth but counterfeit. Claud. 'Faith, like enough. Z~ 0 God counterfeit There never was counterfeit of pafsion came so near the life of pafsion, as she discovers it. Pedro. Why, what effects of pafsion shews she ? Claud. Bait the hook well this fish will bite. t~ Leon. What effects, my lord? She will sit you,-You heard my daughter tell you how. Claud. She did, indeed. Pedro. How, how, 1 pray you ? You amaze me I would have thought, her spirit had been invincible against all as-saults of anection. Leon. 1 would have sworn it had, my lord especially against Benedick. 2~M. ~ î should think this a gull, but that the white-bearded fellow speaks it knavery cannot, sure, hide himself in such reverence. Claud. He hath taken the infection hold it up. ~ Pedro. Hath she made her affection known to Benedick ? Leon. No and swears she never will that is her tor-ment. Claud. 'Tis true, indeed so your daughter says Shall I, says she, that have so encountered him with scorn, ~f~ him that 1 love him. Leon. This says she now when she is beginning to write to him for she will be up twenty times a night and there will she sit in her smock, till she have writ a sheet of pa-per my daughter tells us all. Claud. Now you talk of a sheet of paper, 1 remember a pretty jest your daughter told us of. Leon. 0 !-When she had writ it, and was reading it over, she found Benedick and Beatrice between the sheet?-Claud. That. Leon. 0 she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence railed at herself, that she should be so immodest to write to one that she knew would nout her 7 yM~M?~ him, says she, by my own .~y~ 7 shouldflout him, if he writ ~0 yea, though 7~~ him, 1 should. Claud. Then down upon her knees she falls, weeps, sobs, beats her heart, tears her hair, prays, curses -C sweet 7~M Go~MC~ Leon. She doth indeed my daughter says so and ec-stasy hath so much overborne her, that my daughter is sometimes afraid she will do desperate outrage to herself It is very true. jF~ro. It were good, that Benedick knew of it by some other, if she will not discover it. Claud. To what end ? He would but make a sport of it, and torment the poor lady worse. Pedro. An he should, it were an alms to hang him She is an excellent sweet lady and, out of all suspicion, she is vir-tuous. Claud. And she is exceeding wise. Pedro. In every thing, but in loving Benedick. Leon. 0 my lord, wisdom and blood combating in so tender a body, we have ten proofs to one, that blood hath the victory. 1 am sorry for her, as 1 have just cause, being her uncle and her guardian. Pedro. 1 would, she had bestowed this dotage on me 1 would have daffed all other respects, and made her half myself 1 pray you, tell Benedick of it, and hear what he will say. Leon. Were it good, think you P Claud. Hero thinks surely, she will die for she says, she will die, if he love her not and she will die ere she make her love known and she will die if he woo her, rather than she will bate one breath of her accustomed crofsnefs. Pedro. She doth well if she should make tender of her love, it is very pofsible he will scorn it for the man, as you know all, hath a contemptible spirit. Claud. He is a very proper man. Pedro. He hath, indeed, a good outward happinefs. Claud. Before God, and in my mind, very wise. Pedro. He doth, indeed, shew some sparks that are like wit. Leon. And 1 take him to be valiant. Pedro. As Hector, 1 afsure you and in the managing of quarrels you may say he is wise for either he avoids them with great discretion, or undertakes them with a most chris-tian-like fear. Z~ If he do fear God, he must necefsarily keep peace if he break the peace, he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling. ~~fc. And so will he do for the man doth fear God, howsoever it seems not in him, by some large jests he will make. Well, 1 am sorry for your niece Shall we go seek Benedick, and tell him of her love? Claud. Never tell him, my lord let her wear it out with good counsel. Z~CM. Nay, that is impofsible she may wear her heart out first. ~~rc. Well, we will hear further of it by your daugh-ter let it cool the while. 1 love Benedick well and 1 could wish he would modestly examine hirnself, to see how much he is unworthy so good a lady. Leon. My lord, will you walk ? dinner is ready. Claud. If he do not dote on her upon this, 1 will never trust my expectation. ~ jF~yc. Let there be the same net spread for her and that must your daughter and her gentlewomen carry. The sport will be, when they hold one an opinion of another's dotage, and no such matter that is the scene that 1 would see, which will be merely a dumb show. Let us send her to call him in to dinner. L~~ ?. Exeunt Don Pedro, Claudio, and Leonato. Benedick advancesfrom the Arbour. j8~ This can be no trick The conference was sadly borne. They have the truth of this from Hero. They seem to pity the lady it seems, her aNections have their full bent. Love me! why, it must be requited. 1 hear how 1 am cen-sured they say, 1 will bear myself proudly, if 1 perceive the love come from her they say too, that she will rather die than give any sign of affection. 1 did never think to marry 1 must not seem proud Happy are they that hear their detractions, and can put them to mending. They say, the lady is fair it is a truth, 1 can bear them witnefs and virtuous it is so, 1 cannot reprove it and wise, but for loving me By my troth, it is no addition to her wit nor no great argument of her folly, for 1 will be horribly iri love with her. 1 may chance have some odd quirks and remnants of wit broken on me, because 1 have railed so long against marriage But doth not the appetite alter ? A man loves the meat in his youth, that he cannot endure in his age Shall quips, and sentences, and these paper bullets of the brain, awe a man from the career of his humour? No The world must be peopled. When 1 said, 1 would die a bachelor, 1 did not think 1 should live till 1 were married. -Hère cornes Beatrice By this day, she is a fair lady 1 do spy some marks of love in her. Enter Beatrice. Beat. Against my will, 1 am sent to bid you corne in to dinner. Bene. Fair Beatrice, I thank you for your pains. Beat. 1 took no more pains for those thanks, than you take pains to thank me if it had been painful, 1 would not have corne. j6~ You take pleasure then in the mefsage ? Beat. Yea, just so much as you may take upon a knife's point, and choak a daw withal -You have no stomach, signior fare you well. J~ Bene. Ha Against my will, sent to bid you come, in to dinner-there is a double meaning in that. I took no more pains for those thanks, than you took pains to thank me-that is as much as to say, Any pains that 1 take Ibr you is as easy as thanks -If 1 do not take pity of her, 1 am a vil-lain if 1 do not love her, 1 am a Jew 1 will go get her picture. ~ C 777 yc~ CONTINUES IN THE ORCHARD. Enter jH~ Margaret, and Ursula. ~rc. Good Margaret, run thee to the parlour There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Proposing with the prince and Claudio Whisper her ear, and tell her, 1 and Ursula Walk in the orchard, and our whole discourse Is all of her say, that thou overheard'st us And bid her steal into the pleached bower, Where honey-suckles, ripen'd by the sun, Forbid the sun to enter -like favourites, Made proud by princes, that advance their pride Against that power that bred it -there will she hide her To listen our propose This is thy onice, Bear thee well in it, and leave us alone. . M ni make her corne, 1 warrant you, presently. ~ Hero. Now, Ursula, when Beatrice doth corne, As we do trace this alley up and down, Our talk must only be of Benedick When 1 do name him, let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit My talk to thee must be, how Benedick Is sick in love with Béatrice Of this matter Is little Cupid's crafty arrow made, That only wounds by hearsay. Now begin. Enter .Z~~f~ behind. For look where Béatrice, like a lapwing, runs Close by the ground, to hear our conference. Urs. The pleasant'st angling is to see the fish Cut with her golden oars the silver stream, And greedily devour the treacherous bait So angle we for Beatrice who even now Is couched in the woodbine coverture Fear you not my part of the dialogue. Hero. Then go we near her, that her ear lose nothing Of the false sweet bait that we lay for it.-they the 6c~ No, truly, Ursula, she is too disdainful 1 know, her spirits are as coy and wild As haggards of the rock. ~7~. But are you sure, That Benedick loves Beatrice so entirely ? Hero. So says the prince, and my new-trothed lord. Urs. And did they bid you tell her of it, madam ? Hero. They did entreat me to acquaint her of it But 1 persuaded them, if they lov'd Benedick, To wish him wrestle with affection, And. never to let Beatrice know of it. Urs. Why did you so ? Doth npt the gentleman Deserve as full, as fortunate a bed, As ever Beatrice shall couch upon ? Hero. 0 God of love 1 know, he doth deserve As much as may be yielded to a man But nature never fram'd a woman's heart t Of prouder stuff than that of Beatrice Disdain and scorn ride sparkling in her eyes, Misprising what they look on and her wit Values itself so highly, that to her AU matter else seems weak she cannot love, Nor take no shape nor project of affection, She is so self-endeared. Urs. Sure, 1 think so And therefore, certainly, it were not good She knew his love, lest she make sport at it. Hero. Why, you speak truth 1 never yet saw man, How wise, how noble, young, how rarely featur'd, But she would spell him backward if fair-fac'd, She would swear, the gentleman should be her sister If black, why, nature, drawing of an antic, Made a foui blot if tall, a lance ill-headed If low, an agate very vilely cut If speaking, why, a vane blown with all winds If silent, why, a block moved with none. So turns she every man the wrong side out And never gives to truth and virtue, that Which simplenefs and merit purchaseth. Urs. Sure sure, such carping is not commendable. Hero. No not to be so odd, and from all fashions, As Beatrice is, cannot be commendable But who dare tell her so ? If 1 should speak, She would mock me into air 0, she would laugh me Out of myself, prefs me to death with wit. Therefore let Benedick, like cover'd fire, Consume away in sighs, waste inwardly It were a better death than die with mocks Which is as bad as die with tickling. Urs. Yet tell her of it hear what she will say. Hero. No rather 1 will go to Benedick, And counsel him to fight against his pafsion And, truly, l'il devise some honest slanders To stain my cousin with. One doth not know, How much an ill word may empoison liking. Urs. 0, do not do your cousin such a wrong. She cannot be so much without truejudgment, Having so swift and excellent a wit, As she is priz'd to have as to refuse So rare a gentleman as signior Benedick. Hero. He is the only man of Italy, Always excepted my dear Claudio. Urs. 1 pray you, be not angry with me, madam, Speaking my fancy signior Benedick, For shape, for bearing, argument, and valour, Goes foremost in report through Italy. Hero. Indeed, he hath an excellent good name. Urs. His excellence did earn it, ere he had it.-When are you married, madam? Hero. Why, every day to-morrow Come, go in I'll shew thee some attires and have thy counsel, Which is the best to furnish me to-morrow. Urs. She's lim'd 1 warrant you we have caught her~ madam. Hero. If it prove SO then loving goes by haps Some Cupid kills with arrows, some with traps. fË'M~ j~~ and Ursula. Beatrice ~i~c~. Beat. What fire is in m.ine ears? Can this be true? Stand 1 condemn'd for pride and scorn so much ? Contempt, farewell! and maiden pride, adieu! No glory lives behind the back of such. And, Benedick, love on, 1 will requite thee Taming my wild heart to thy loving hand If thou dost love, my kindnefs shall incite thee To bind our loves up in a holy band For others say, thou dost deserve and 1 Believe it better than reportingly. j~M. C F 77 LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Don Pedro, Claudio, Benedick, and Leonato. Pedro. I do but stay till your marriage be consummate, and then go 1 toward Arragon. Claud. 1 will bring you thither, my lord, if you will vouchsafe me. Pedro. Nay, that would be as great a soil in the new glofs of your marriage, as to shew a child his new coat, and forbid him to wear it. 1 will only be bold with Benedick for his company for, from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot, he is all mirth he hath twice or thrice cut Cu-pid's bowstring, and the little hangman dare not shoot at him he hath a heart as sound as a bell, and his tongue is the clapper for what his heart thinks, his tongue speaks. Bene. Gallants, 1 am not as 1 have been. Leon. So say 1 methinks, you are sadder. Claud. 1 hope, he be in love. Pedro. Hang him, truant there is no true drop of blood in him, to be truly touched with love if he be sad, he wants money. Bene. 1 have the toothach. T~ yc. Draw it. ~M~. Hang it Claud. You must hang it first, and draw it afterwards. jP~rc. What? sigh for the toothach? .Z~ Where is but a humour, or a worm? Bene. Well, Every one can master a grief, but he that has it. Claud. Yet say I, he is in love. Pedro. There is no appearance of fancy in him, unlefs it be a fancy that he hath to strange disguises as, to be a Dutch-man to-day, a Frenchman to-morrow or in the shape of two countries at once, as, a German from the waist down-ward, all slops, and a Spaniard from the hip upward, no doublet Unlefs he have a fancy to this foolery, as it appears he hath, he is no fool for fancy, as you would have it ap-pear he is. Claud. If he be not in love with some woman, there is no believing old signs he brushes his hat o' mornings What should that bode? Pedro. Hath any man seen him at the barber's? Claud. No, but the barber's man hath been seen with him and the old ornament of his cheek hath aireadystuned tennis bail s. Z~. Indeed, he looks younger than he did, by the lofs of a beard. Pedro. Nay, he rubs himself with civet Can you smell him out by that ? Claud. That is as much as to say, The sweet youth is in love. Pedro. The greatest note of it is his melancholy. Claud. And when was he wont to wash his ~ace ? Pedro. Yea, or to paint himself? for the which, 1 hear what they say of him. Claud. Nay, but his jesting spirit which is now crept into a lutestring, and now governed by stops. Pedro. Indeed, that tells a heavy tale for him Conclude, conclude, he is in love. Claud. Nay, but 1 know who loves him. Pedro. That would 1 know too 1 warrant, one that knows him not. Claud. Yes, and his ill conditions and, in despite of all, dies for him. Pedro. She shall be buried with her heels upwards. Bene. Yet is this no charm for the toothach.-Old sig-nior, walk aside with me 1 have studied eight or nine wise words to speak to you, which these hobbyhorses must not hear. .E' Benedick and Z~M~c. -P~c. For my life, to break with him about Beatrice. Claud. It is even so Hero and Margaret have by this played their parts with Beatrice and then the two bears will not bite one another, when they meet. Enter Don y~ ~A~z. My lord and brother, God save you. ~~yc. Good den, brother. John. If your leisure served, 1 would speak with you. Pedro. In private? John. If it please you -yet count Claudio may hear for what 1 would speak of, concerns him. Pedro. What is the matter? John. Means your lordship to be married to-morrow ? ~c Claudio. Pedro. You know, he does. ~oA~. 1 know not that, when he knows what 1 know. Claud. If there be any impediment, 1 pray you disco-ver it. y~. You may think, 1 love you not let that appear hereafter, and aim better at me by that 1 now will manifest For my brother, 1 think, he holds you well and in dear-nefs of heart hath holp to effect your ensuing marriage surely, suit ill spent, and labour ill bestowed Pedro. Why, what is the matter? ~c~M. 1 came hither to tell you and, circumstances short-ened, for she hath been too long a talking of the lady is disloyal. Claud. Who? Hero? y~ Even she Leonato's Hero, your Hero, every man's Hero. Claud. Disloyal? John. The word is too good to paint out her wickednefs 1 could say, she were worse think you of a worse title, and 1 will fit her to it. Wonder not till further warrant go but with me to-night, you shall see her chamber window entered even the night before her wedding day if you love her then, to-morrow wed her but it would better fit your honour to change your mind. Claud. May this be so ? Pedro. 1 will not think it. ~cA~. If you dare not trust that you see, confefs not that you know if you will follow me, 1 will shew you enough and when you have seen more, and heard more, proceed accordingly. Claud. If 1 see any thing to-night, why 1 should not marry her to-morrow in the congregation, where 1 should wed, there will 1 shame her. Pedro. And, as 1 wooed for thee to obtain her, I will join with thee to disgrace her. ~?~. 1 will disparage her no farther, till you are my witnefses bea.r it coldly but till midnight, and let the ifsue shew itself. ~~c. 0 day untowardly turned Claud. 0 mischief strangely thwar ting 0 plague right well prevented So will you say, when you have seen the sequel. Exeunt. CE JVJ? JTLr THE STREET. Enter Dogberry and F~ with the F! . -Dc~. Are you good men and true ? F~yg'. Yea, or else it were pity but they should suffer sal-vation, body and soul. Dogb. Nay, that were a punishment too good for them, if they should have any allegiance in them, being chosen for the prince's watch. Verg. Well, give them their charge, neighbour Dog-berry. Dogb. First, who think you the most desartiefs man to be constable? 1 Watch. Hugh Oatcake, sir, or George Seacoal for they can write and read. Dogb. Come hither, neighbour Seacoal God hath blefsed you with a good name to be a well-favoured man is the gift of fortune but to write and read cornes by nature. 2 Watch. Both which, master constable,-Dogb. You have 1 knew it would be your answer. Well, for your favour, sir, why, give God thanks, and make no boast of it and for your writing and reading, let that appear when there is no need of such vanity. You are thought here to be the most senselefs and fit man for the constable of the watch therefore bear you the lantern This is your charge You shall comprehend all vagrom men you are to bid any man stand, in the prince's name. 2 Watch. How, if he will not stand ? Dogb. Why then, take no note of him, but let him go and presently call the rest of the watch together, and thank God you are rid of a knave. Verg. If he will not stand when he is bidden, he is none of the prince's subjects. Dogb. True, and they are to meddle with none but the prince's subjects -You shall also make no noise in the streets for, for the watch to babble and to talk, is most tole-rable, and not to be endured. 2 Watch. We will rather sleep than talk we know what belongs to a watch. Dogb. Why, you speak like an ancient and most quiet watchman for 1 cannot see how sleeping should offend only, have a care that your bills be not stolen -Well, you are to call at all the alehouses, and bid those that are drunk get them to bed. 2 Watch. How, if they will not? Dogb. Why then, let them alone till they are sober if they make you not then the better answer, you may say, they are not the men you took them for. Watch. Well, sir. Dogb. If you meet a thief, you may suspect him, by vir-tue of your office, to be no true man and, for such kind of men,. the lefs you meddle or make with them, why, the more is for your honesty. 2 Watch. If we know him to be a thief, shall we not lay hands on him ? Do~. Truly, by your office, you may but, 1 think, they that touch pitch will be defiled the most peaceable way for you, if you do take a thief, is, to let him shew himself what he is, and steal out of your company. Verg. You have been always called a merciful man, partner. Dc~. Truly, 1 would not hang a dog by my will much more a man who hath any honesty in him. If you hear a child cry in the night, you must cal . to the nurse, and bid her still it. 2i~ How, if the nurse be asleep, and will not hear us? Dogb. Why then, depart in peace, and let the child wake her with crying for the ewe that will not hear her lamb when it baes, will never answer a calf when he bleats. Verg. It is very true. J9~. This is the end of the charge. You, constable, are to present the prince's own person if you meet the prince in the night, you may stay him. Verg. Nay, by'r lady, that, 1 think, he cannot. Dogb. Five shillings to one on it, with any man that knows the statutes, he may stay him marry, not without the prince be willing for, indeed, the watch ought to offend no man and it is an offence to stay a man against his will. F~rg. By'r lady, 1 think, it be so. Dogb. Ha, ah, ha! Well, masters, good night an there be any matter of weight chances, call up me keep your fel-lows' counsels and your own, and good night.-Come, neighbour. Watch. Well, masters, we hear our charge let us go sit here upon the church bench till two, and then all to bed. Dogb. One word more, honest neighbours 1 pray you, watch about signior Leonato's door for the wedding being there to-morrow, there is a great coil to-night Adieu, be vigitant, 1 beseech you. E~~MM~ Dogberry and Verges. Enter Borachio and Conrade. Bora. What! Conrade, ~~A. Peace, stir not. ~y~. Bora. Conrade, 1 say,-Conr. Hère, man, 1 am at thy elbow. Bora. Mafs, and my elbow itched 1 thought, there would a scab follow. C~. 1 will owe thee an answer for that and now for-ward with thy tale. Bora. Stand thee close then under this penthouse, for it drizzles rain and 1 will, like a true drunkard, utter all tq thee. FF~c~. Some treason, masters yet stand close. ~ Bora. Therefore know, 1 have earned of Don John a thousand ducats. Conr. Is it pofsible that any villainy should be so dear? Bora. Thou shouldst rather ask, if it were pofsible any villainy should be so rich for when rich villains have need of poor ones, poor ones may make what price they will. Conr. 1 wonder at it. Bora. That shews, thou art unconfirmed Thou knowest, that the fashion of a doublet, or a hat, or a cloak, is nothing to a man. Conr. Yes, it is apparel. Bora. 1 mean, the fashion. Conr. Y es, the fashion is the fashion. Bora. Tush 1 may as well say, the fool is the fool. But seest thou not what a deformed thief this fashion is ? ~~cA. 1 know that Deformed he has been a vile thief this seven year he goes up and down like a gentleman 1 remember his name. Bora. Didst thou not hear somebody? Conr. No it was the vane on the house. Bora. Seest thou not, 1 say, what a deformed thief this fashion is ? how giddily he turns about all the hot bloods, between fourteen and five and thirty? sometimes fashioning them like Pharaoh's soldiers in the reechy painting some-tinie, like god Bel's priests in the old church window some-time, like the shaven Hercules in the smirched worm-eaten tapestry, where his codpiece seems as mafsy as his club ? Conr. Ail this 1 see and see, that the fashion wears out more apparel than the man But art not thou thyself giddy with the fashion too, that thou hast shifted out of thy tale into telling me of the fashion ? Bora. Not so neither but know, that 1 have to-night wooed Margaret, the lady Hero's gentlewoman, by the name of Hero she leans me out at her mistrefs' chamber win-dow, bids me a thousand times good night,-1 tell this tale vilely -I should first tell thee, how the prince, Claudio, and my master, planted and placed, and pofsefsed by my master Don John, saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encounter. Cc?ïy. And thought they, Margaret was Hero ? Bora. Two of them did, the prince and Claudio but the devil my master knew she was Margaret and partly by his oaths, which first pofsefsed them, partly by the dark night, which did deceive them, but chiefly by my villainy, which did confirm any slander that Don John had made, away went Claudio enraged swore he would meet her, as he was appointed, next morning at the temple, and there, before the whole congregation, shame her with what he saw overnight, and send her home again without a husband. 1 Watch. We charge you in the prince's name, stand. Watch. Call up the right master constable We have here recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery that ever was known in the commonwealth. 1 Watch. And one Deformed is one of them 1 know him, he wears a lock. Conr. Masters, masters, 2 Watch. You will be made bring Deformed forth, 1 war-rant you. C~r. Masters, 1 Never speak we charge you, let us obey you to go with us. ~cr~. We are like to prove a goodly commodity, being taken up of these men's bills. C~y. A commodity in question, 1 warrant you. Come, we will obey you. Exeunt. yCjE ~E 7f AN APARTMENT IN LEONATO~S HOUSE. Enter Hero, Margaret, and jH~. Good Ursula, wake my cousin Beatrice, and desire her to rise. Urs. 1 will, lady. Hero. And bid her corne hither. Urs. Well. E~C y~ ~zyg'. Troth, 1 think, your other rabato were better. Hero. No, pray thee, good Meg, 1 will wear this. Marg. By my troth, it is not so good and 1 warrant, your cousin will say so. Hero. My cousin is a fool, and thou art another 1 will wear none but this. ~!f~. 1 like the new tire within excellently, if the hair were a thought browner and your gown is a most rare fa-shion, i'faith. 1 saw the duchefs ofMilan's gown, that they praise so. Hero. 0, that exceeds, they say. . M By my troth, it is but a night-gown in respect of yours Cloth of gold, and cuts, and laced with silver set with pearls down sleeves, side sleeves, and skirts round, underborne with a bluish tinsel but for a fine, quaint, graceful, and excellent fashion, yours is worth ten of it. Hero. God give me joy to wear it, for my heart is ex-ceeding heavy! ~y~. It will be heavier soon, by the weight of a man. Hero. Fie upon thee art not ashamed ? ~xy~ Of what, lady ? of speaking honourably ? Is not marriage honourable in a beggar ? Is not your lord honour able without marriage ? 1 think, you would have me say, saving your reverence,-a husband an bad thinking do not wrest true speaking, 1 will offend nobody Is there any harm in-the heavier for a husband? None, 1 think, an it be the right husband, and the right wife otherwise it is light, and not heavy ask my lady Beatrice else, here she cornes. Enter Beatrice. Hero. Good morrow, coz. Beat. Good morrow, sweet Hero. Hero. Why, how now do you speak in the sick tune ? Beat. 1 am out of all other tune, methinks. Clap us into-Light c' that goes without a burden do you sing it, and 1 will dance it. Beat. Yea, Light c' with your heels!-then if your husband have stables enough, you will see he shall lack no barns. Marg. 0 illegitimate construction 1 scorn that with my heels. Beat. It is almost five o'clock, cousin it is time you were ready. By my troth, 1 am exceeding ill hey ho! For a hawk, a horse, or a husband ? Beat. For the letter that begins them all, H. Well, an you be not turned Turk, there is no more sailing by the star. Beat. What means the fool, trow? ~f~. Nothing 1 but God send every one their heart's s desire Hero. These gloves the count sent me, they are an excel-lent perfume. Beat. 1 am stuffed, cousin, 1 cannot smell. A maid, and stuffed there is goodly catching of cold. 0, God help me! God help me! How long have you profefsed appréhension ? ~~y~ Ever since you left it Doth not my wit become me rarely ? Beat. It is not seen enough, you should wear it in your cap.-By my troth, 1 am sick. G et you some of this distilled Carduus Benedic-tus, and lay it to your heart it is the only thing for a qualm. Hero. There thou prickest her with a thistle. Beat. Benedictus why Benedictus ? you have some mo-ral in this Benedictus. Marg. Moral ? no, by my troth, 1 have no moral mean-ing 1 meant, plain holy thistle. You may think, per-chance, that 1 think you are in love nay, by'r lady, 1 am not such a fool to think what 1 list nor 1 list not to think what 1 can nor, indeed, 1 cannot think, if 1 would think my heart out of thinking, that you are in love, or that you will be in love, or that you can be in love yet Benedick was such another, and now is he become a man he swore he would never marry and yet now, in despite of his heart, he eats his meat without grudging and how you may be converted, 1 know not but, methinks, you look with your eyes as other women do. Beat. What pace is this that thy tongue keeps ? ~xrg'. Not a false gallop. Re-enter Ursula. C f~. Madam, withdraw the prince, the count, signior Benedick, Don John, and all the gallants of the town, are corne to fetch you to church. Hero. Help to drefs me, good coz, good Meg, good Ur-sula. Exeunt. ycE~~ jr ANOTHER APARTMENT IN LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Z~cm~ z~~ Dogberry and Verges. Leon. What would you with me, honest neighbour ? Dogb. Marry, sir, 1 would have some confidence with you, that decerns you nearly. Z~c~. Brief, 1 pray you for you see, it is a busy time with me. Dc~. Marry, this it is, sir. Verg. Yes, in truth, it is, sir. Leon. What is it, my good friends ? Dogb. Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the mat-ter an old man, sir, and his wits are not so blunt, as, God help, 1 would desire they were but, in faith, honest, as the skin between his brows. Verg. Yes, 1 thank God, 1 am as honest as any man liv-ing, that is an old man, and no honester than I. Dogb. Comparisons are odorous ~~y~y, neighbour Verges. Leon. Neighbours, you are tedious. Dogb. It pleases your worship to say so, but we are the poor duke's officers but, truly, for mine own part, if 1 were as tedious as a king, 1 could find in my heart to be-stow it all of your worship. Z~c~. Ail thy tediousnefs on me ah Dc~. Yea, an it were a thousand times more than it is for 1 hear as good exclamation on your worship, as of any man in the city and though 1 be but a poor man, 1 am glad to hear it. Verg. And so am I. Leon. 1 would fain know what you have to say. Verg. Marry, sir, our watch to-night, excepting your wor-ship's presence, have taken a couple of as arrant knaves as any in Melsina. Dogb. A good old man, sir he will be talking as they say, When the age is in, the wit is out God help us it is a world to see!-Well said, i'faith, neighbour Verges -well, God is a good man an two men ride of a horse, one must ride behind -An honest soul, i'faith, sir by my troth he is, as ever broke bread but, God is to be worship-ped Ail men are not alike alas, good neighbour! Z~. Indeed, neighbour, he cornes too short of you. Dc~. Gifts, that God gives. Z~CM. 1 must leave you. Dc~. One word, sir our watch, sir, have, indeed, com-prehended two aspicious persons, and we would have them this morning examined before your worship. Z~c~. Take their examination yourself, and bring it me 1 am now in great haste, as it may appear unto you. Dogb. It shall be suffigance. Leon. Drink. some wine ere you go fare you well. Enter a Mefsenger. t 0 Mes. My lord, they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband. Leon. 1 will wait upon them 1 am ready. JE~~Z~~z~ Dc~. Go, good partner, go, get you to Francis Seacoal, bid him bring his pen and inkhorn to the gaol we are now to examination these men. Verg. And we must do it wisely. Dc~. We will spare for no wit, 1 warrant you here is that touching ~M~ shall drive some of them to a non-com only get the learned writer to set down our excom-munication, and meet me at the gaol. J~M?~. C 7F C E I A CHURCH. Enter Don Pedro, jD ~ ycA~ Leonato, ~r~~ Claudio, Benedick, f~ Beatrice, ~C. ~CM. Come, friar Francis, be brief only to the plain form of marriage, and you shall recount their particular du-ties afterwards. jFf~r. You corne hither, my lord, to marry this lady ? Claud. No. Z~c~. To be married to her, Friar you corne to marry her. Friar. Lady, you corne hither to be married to this count ? Hero. 1 do. Friar. If either of you know any inward impediment, why you should not be conjoined, 1 charge you, on your souls, to utter it. Claud. Know you any, Hero ? Hero. None, my lord. Friar. Know you any, count ? Z~ 1 dare make his answer, none. Claud. 0 what men dare do what men may do what men daily do not knowing what they do How now interjections ? Why, then some be of laughing, as, ha! ha! he! C~XM~. Stand thee by, Friar -Father, by your leave Will you with free and unconstrained soul Give me this maid, your daughter? Z~c?z. As freely, son, as God did give her me. Claud. And what have 1 to give you back, whose worth May counterpoise this rich and precious gift? Pedro. Nothing, unlefs you render her again. Claud. Sweet prince, you learn me noble thankfulne s.-There, Leonato, take her back. again Give not this rotten orange to your n'iend She's but the sign and semblance of her honour Behold, how like a maid she blushes here 0, what authority and shew of truth Can cunning sin cover itself withal Cornes not that blood, as modest evidence, To witnefs simple virtue? Would you not swear, Ail you that see her, that she were a maid, By these exterior shews ? But she is none She knows the heat of a luxurious bed Her blush is guiltinefs, not modesty. Leon. What do you mean, my lord ? Claud. Not to be m.arried Not knit my soul to an approved wanton. Leon. Dear, my lord, if you, in your own proof, Have vanquish'd the resistance of her youth, And made defeat of her virginity,-Claud. 1 know what you would say If 1 have known her, You will say, she did embrace me as a husband, And so extenuate the forehand sin No, Leonato, 1 never tempted her with word too large But, as a brother to his sister, shew'd Bashful sincerity, and comely love. Hero. And seem'd 1 ever otherwise to you? Claud. Out on thy seeming! 1 will write against it You seem to me as Dian in her orb As chaste as is the bud ere it be blown But you are more intemperate in your blood Than Venus, or those pamper' d animais That rage in savage sensuality. Hero. Is my lord well, that he doth speak so wide ? Leon. Sweet prince, why speak not you ? Pedro. What should I speak ? 1 stand dishonour'd, that have gone about To link my dear friend to a common stale. Z~x. Are these things spoken, or do 1 but dream ? ~cA~. Sir, they are spoken, and these things are true. Bene. This looks not like a nuptial. J~fo. True, 0 God Claud. Leonato, Stand 1 hère? Is this the prince? Is this the prince's brother? Is this face Hero's? Are our eyes our own? Z~ AU this is so But what of this, my lord? Claud. Let me but move one question to your daughter And, by that fatherly and kindly power That you have in her, bid her answer truly. Leon. 1 charge thee do so, as thou art my child. ~fo. 0 God, defend me! how 1 am beset!-What kind of catechizing call you this ? ~r~ ~M~M~ ,11,1 ~i~J. '1 II lI, , M . ~ ' ¡ .y~ t~w . ii -r r~wt.' ~ A' f~~y~ Claud. To make you answer truly to your name. Hero. Is it not Hero ? Who can blot that name With any just reproach ? Claud. Marry, that can Hero Hero itself can blot out Hero's virtue. What man was he talk'd with you yesternight Out at your window, betwixt twelve and one ? Now, ifyou are a maid, answer to this. Hero. 1 talk'd with no man at that hour, my lord. Pedro. Why then are you no maiden.-Leonato, 1 am sorry you must hear Upon mine honour, Myself, my brother, and this grieved count, Did see her, hear her, at that hour last night, Talk with a ruffian at her chamber window Who hath, indeed, most like a liberal villain, Confefs'd the vile encounters they have had A thousand times in secret. ~A7Z. Fie, fie they are Not to be nam'd, my lord, not to be spoke of There is not chastity enough in language, Without offence, to utter them Thus, pretty lady, 1 am sorry for thy much misgovernment. Claud. 0 Hero what a Hero hadst thou been, If half thy outward graces had been plac'd About thy thoughts, and counsels of thy heart! But, fare thee well, most foul, most fair! farewell, Thou pure impiety, and impious purity For thee, Fil lock up all thé gates of love, And on my eyelids shall conjecture hang, To turn all beauty into thoughts of harm, And never shall it more be gracious. Z~c~. Hath no man's dagger here a point for me? Beat. Why, how now, cousin? wherefore sink you down? Hero swoons. ~c~. Corne, let us go these things, come thus to light, Smother her spirits up. jE~~M~~ Don 7~~ J9~ ~c~ and Claudio. jB~M. How doth the lady ? Beat. Dead, 1 think Help, uncle Hero why, Hero!-Uncle !-Signior Benedick !-Friar 1~ 0 fate take not away thy heavy hand Death is the fairest cover for her shame, That may be wish'd for. Beat. How now, cousin Hero ? jFfM~. Have comfort, lady. Z~. Dost thou look up ? Friar. Yea Wh.erefore should she not ? Leon. Wherefore? Why, doth not every earthly thing Cry shame upon her ? Could she here deny Thé story that is printed in her blood ?-Do not live, Hero do not ope thine eyes For did 1 think thou would'st not quickly die, Thought I, thy spirits were stronger than thy shames, Myselfwould, on the rearward of reproaches, Strike at thy life. Griev' d I, 1 had but one? Chid 1 for that at frugal nature's trame? 0, one too much, by thee Why had 1 one ? Why ever wast thou lovely in my eyes ? Why had 1 not, with charitable hand, Took up a beggar's ifsue at my gates Who smirched thus, and mir'd with infamy, 1 might have said, JVc~~ of it is mine, This shame derives itself from M~~C! ~MTM ? But mine, and mine 1 lov'd, and mine 1 prais'd, And mine that 1 was proud on mine so much, That 1 myself was to myself not mine, Valuing of her why, she-0, she, is fallen Into a pit of ink that the wide sea Hath drops too few to wash her clean again And salt too little, which may season give To her foui tainted flesh Bene. Sir, sir, be patient For my part, 1 am so attir'd in wonder, 1 know not what to say. Beat. 0, on my soul, my cousin is belied Bene. Lady, were you her bedfellow last night P Beat. No, truly not although, until last night, 1 have this twelvemonth been her bedfellow. Z~T~. Confirm' d, connrm'd! 0, that is stronger made, Which was before barr'd up with ribs of iron Would the two princes lie ? and Claudio lie ? Who lov'd her so, that, speaking of her foulnefs, Wash'd it with tears? Hence from her let her die. jFW~. Hear me a little For 1 have only been silent so long, And given way unto this course of fortune, By noting of the lady 1 have mark'd A thousand blushing apparitions start Into her face a thousand innocent shames In angel whitenefs bear away those blushes And in her eye there hath appear'd a fire, To burn the errors that these princes hold Against her maiden truth -Call me a fool Trust not my reading, nor my observation, Which with experimental seal doth warrant The tenour of my book trust not my age, My reverence, calling, nor divinity, If this sweet lady lie not guiltlefs here Under some biting error. Z~ Friar, it cannot be Thou seest, that all the grace that she hath left, Is, that she will not add to her damnation A sin of perjury she not denies it Why seek'st thou then to cover with excuse That which appears in proper nakednefs? Fn' Lady, what man is he you are accus'd of? Hero. They know, that do accuse me 1 know none If 1 know more of any man alive, Than that which maiden modesty doth warrant, Let all my sins lack mercy!-0, my father, Provc you that any man with me convers'd At hours unmeet, or that 1 yesternight Maintain'd the change of words with any creature, Refuse me, hate me, torture me to death. Friar. There is some strange misprision in the princes. Bene. Two of them have the very bent of honour And if their wisdoms be misled in this, The practice of it lives in John the bastard, Whose spirits toil in frame of villainies. Z~c~. I know not If they speak but truth of her, These hands shall tear her if they wrong her honour, The proudest of them shall well hear of it. Time hath not yet so dried this blood of mine, Nor age so eat up my invention, Nor fortune made such havock of my means, Nor my bad life reft me so much of friends, But they shall find, awak'd in such a kind, Both strength of limb, and policy ofmind, Ability in means, and choice of friends, To quit me of them throughly. Friar. Pause a while, And let my counsel sway you in this case. Your daughter here thé princes left for dead Let her a while be secretly kept in, And publish it, that she is dead indeed Maintain a mourning ostentation And on your family's old monument Hang mournful epitaphs, and do all rites That appertain unto a burial. Z~~z. What shall become ofthis? What will this do? Friar. Marry, this, well carried, shall on her behalf Change slander to remorse that is some good But not for that, dream 1 on this strange course, But on this travail, look for greater birth. She dying, as it must be so maintain'd, Upon the instant that she was accus'd, Shall be lamented, pitied and excus'd, Of every hearer For it so falls out, That what we have, we prize not to the worth, Whiles we enjoy it but being lack'd and lost, Why, then we rack the value then we filld Thé virtue, that polselsion would not shew us Whiles it was ours -So will it fare with Claudio When he shall hear she died upon his words, The idea of her life shall sweetly creep Into his study of imagination And every lovely organ of her life Shall corne apparell' d in more precious habit, More moving, delicate, and full of life, Into the eye and prospect of his soul, Than when she liv'd indeed then shall he mourn, If ever love had interest in his liver And wish he had not so accused her No, though he thought his accusation true. Let this be so and doubt not but succefs Will fashion thé event in better shape Than 1 can lay it down in likelihood. But if all aim but this be levell'd false, The supposition of the lady's death Will quench the wonder of her infamy And, if it sort not well, you may conceal her, As best befits her wounded réputation In some reclusive and religious life, Out of all eyes, tongues, minds, and injuries. Bene. Signior Leonato, let the Friar advise you And though, you know, my inwardnefs and love Is very much unto the prince and Claudio, Yet, by mine honour, 1 will deal in this As secretly, and justly, as your soul Should with your body. Z~z. Being that 1 flow in grief, Thé smallest twine may lead me. Friar. 'Tis well consented presently away For to strange sores strangely they strain the cure. Corne, lady, die to Jive this wedding day, Perhaps, is but prolong'd have patience, and en-dure. Exeunt Friar, Hero, and Leonato. Lady Beatrice, have you wept all this while ? Beat. Yea, and 1 will weep a while longer. Bene. 1 will not desire that. Beat. You have no reason, 1 do it freely. Bene. Surely, 1 do believe your fair cousin is wronged. Beat. Ah how much might the man deserve of me, that would right her! Bene. Is there any way to shew such jfriendship ? Beat. A very even way, but no such friend. Bene. May a man do it ? Beat. It is a man's office, but not yours. Bene. 1 do love nothing in the world so well as you Is s not that strange ? Beat. As strange as thé thing 1 know not It werc as pofsible for me to say, 1 loved nothing so well as you but believe me not and yet 1 lie not 1 confefs nothing, nor 1 deny nothing -1 am sorry for my cousin. Bene. By my sword, Beatrice, thou lovest me. Beat. Do not swear by it, and eat it. Bene. 1 will swear by it, that you love me and 1 will make him eat it, that says, 1 love not you. Beat. Will you not eat your word ? Bene. With no sauce that can be devised to it 1 protest, 1 love thee. Beat. Why then, God forgive me Bene. What offence, sweet Beatrice? Beat. You have stayed me in a happy hour 1 was about to protest, 1 loved you. Bene. And do it with all thy heart. .6~. 1 love you with so much of my heart, that none is left to protest. Bene. Corne, bid me do any thing for thee. Beat. Kill Claudio. Bene. Ha! not for the wide world. Beat. You kill me to deny it Farewell. Tarry, sweet Beatrice. Beat. 1 am gone, though 1 am hère There is no love in you -Nay, 1 pray you, let me go. Bene. Béatrice,-Beat. In faith, 1 will go. Bene. We will be friends first. Beat. You dare easier be friends with me, than fight with mine enemy. Bene. Is Claudio thine enemy? Beat. Is he not approved in the height a villain, that hath slandered, scorned, dishonoured my kinswoman?-0, that 1 were a man!-What! bear her in hand until they corne to take hands and then with public accusation, un-covered slander, unmitigated rancour,-0 God, that 1 were a man 1 would eat his heart in the market-place. j5~ Hear me, Beatrice. Beat. Talk with a man out at a window? a proper saying Bene. Nay but, Beatrice .8~. Sweet Hero!-she is wronged, she is slandered, she is undone. Bene. Beat-~ x~. Princes, and counties Surely, a princely testimony, a goodly count-confect a sweet gallant, surely! 0 that 1 were a man for his sake or that 1 had any friend would be a man for my sake But manhood is melted into courtesies, valour into compliment, and men are only turned into tongue, and trim ones too he is now as valiant as Hercules, that only tells a lie, and swears it -1 cannot be a man with wishing, therefore 1 will die a woman with grieving. Bene. Tarry, good Beatrice By this hand, 1 love thee. Beat. Use it for my love some other way than swearing hy it. Bene. Think you in your soul, the count Claudio hath wronged Hero ? Beat. Yea, as sure as 1 have a thought, or a soul. Bene. Enough, 1 am engaged, 1 will challenge him 1 will kifs your hand, and so leave you By this hand, Clau-dio shall render me a dear account As you hear of me, so think of me. Go, comfort your cousin 1 must say, she is dead and so, farewell. E~M~. y C F 7 A PRISON. Enter Dogberry, Verges, and Sexton, ~~czMM and Watch, with Conrade, and ~of~c~~o. Dogb. Is our whole difsembly appeared ? Verg. 0, a stool and a cushion for the Sexton! Sexton. Which be the malefactors? Dogb. Marry, that am I, and my partner. Verg. Nay, that is certain we have the exhibition to examine. Sexton. But which are the offenders that are to be exa-mined ? let them come before master constable. Dogb. Yea, marry, let them corne before me.-What is your name, friend ? Bora. Borachio. Dogb. Pray, write down-Borachio.-Yours, sirrah? Conr. 1 am a gentleman, sir and my name is Con-rade. Dogb. Write down-master gentleman Conrade.-Masters, do you serve God? Both. Yea, sir, we hope. Dogb. Write down-that they hope they serve God -and write God first for God defend but God should go before such villains M asters, it is proved already that you are little better than false knaves and it will go near to be thought so shortly. How answer you for yourselves ? Conr. Marry, sir, we say, we are none. Dogb. A marvellous witty fellow, 1 afsure you but 1 will go about with him.-Come you hither, sirrah a word in your ear, sir 1 say to you, it is thought you are false knaves. Bora. Sir, 1 say to you, we are none. Dc~. Well, stand aside.Fore God, they are both in a tale Have you writ down-that they are none ? Sexton. Master constable, you go not the way to exa-mine you must call forth the watch that are their ac-cusers. Dogb. Yea, marry, that is the eftest way -Let the watch come fbrth -Masters, 1 charge you in the prince's name accuse these men. 1 Watch. This man said, sir, that Don John, the prince's brother, was a villain. jPc~. Write down-prince John a villain -Why, this is flat perjury, to call a prince's brother vil-lain. Bora. Master constable, Z ?~. Pray thee, fellow, peace 1 do not like thy look, 1 promise thee. Sexton. What heard you him say else ? 2 Watch. Marry, that he had received a thousand du-cats of Don John, for accusing the lady Hero wrong-fully. Dogb. Flat burglary, as ever was committed. Verge Yea, by thé mafs, that it is. Sextort. What else, fellow ? 1 Watch. And that count Claudio did mean, upon his words, to disgrace Hero before the whole afsembly, and not m.arry her. Dogb. 0 villain! thou wilt be condemned into everlast-ing redemption for this. Sexton. What else? ~F~A. This is all. Sexton. And this is more, masters, than you can deny. Prince John is this morning secretly stolen away Hero was in this manner accused, in this very manner refused, and upon the grief of this, suddenly died.-Master constable, let these men be bound, and brought to Leonato's 1 will go before, and shew him their examination. Exit. Dogb. Come, let them be opinioned. iF~. Let them be in band. C~r. Off, coxcomb! Dogb. God's my life! where is the Sexton? let him write down-the prince's officer, coxcomb.-Corne, bind them -Thou naughty varlet Conr. Away! you are an afs, you are an afs. Dogb. Dost thou not suspect my place? Dost thou not suspect my years ?-0 that he were here to write me down -an aïs!-but, masters, remember, that 1 am an afs though it be not written down, yet forget not that 1 am an aïs -No, thou villain, thou art full of piety, as shall be proved upon thee by good witnefs. 1 am a wise fellow and, which is more, an officer and, which is more, an householder and, which is more, as pretty a piece of flesh as any is in Mefsina and one that knows the law, go to and a rich fellow enough, go to and a fellow that hath had lofses and one that hath two gowns, and, every thing handsome about him -Bring him away. 0, that 1 had been writ down-an afs jE~~M~ ~C~ ~CJ~JVE BEFORE LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Leonato, and Antonio. ~4~. Ifyou go on thus, you will kill yourself And 'tis not wisdom, thus to second grief Against yourself. JL~ 1 pray thee, cease thy counsel, Which falls into mine ears as profitlefs As water in a sieve give not me counsel Nor let no comforter delight mine ear, But such a one whose wrongs do suit with mine. Bring me a father, that so lov'd his child, Whose joy of her is overwhelm'd like mine, And bid him speak of patience Measure his woe the length and breadth of mine, And let it answer every strain for strain As thus for thus, and such a grief for such, In every lineament, branch, shape, and form If such a one will smile, and stroke his beard And, sorrow wag! cry hem! when he should groan Patch grief with proverbs make misfortune drunk With candle-wasters bring him yet to me, And 1 of him will gather patience. But there is no such man For, brother, men Can counsel, and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel but, tasting it, Their counsel turns to pafsion, which before Would give preceptial medicine to rage, Fetter strong madnefs in a silken thread, Charm ache with air, and agony with words No, no 'tis all men's onice to speak patience To those that wring under thé load of sorrow But no man's virtue, nor suniciency, To be so moral, when he shall endure The like himself therefore give me no counsel My griefs cry louder than advertisement. ~yz~. Therein do men from children nothing differ. Z~~z. 1 pray thee, peace 1 will be flesh and blood For there was never yet philosopher, That could endure the toothach patiently However they have writ the style of gods, And made a pish at chance and sufferance. Yet bend not all the harm upon yourself Make those, that do onend you, suffer too. Z~ There thou speak'st reason nay, 1 will do so My soul doth tell me, Hero is belied And that shall Claudio know, so shall the prince, And all of them, that thus dishonour her. Enter Don Pedro, and Claudio. Here cornes the prince, and Claudio, hastily. Pedro. Good den, good den. Claud. Good day to both of you. Z~o~. Hear you, my lords,-.P~c. We have some haste, Leonato. Z~ Some haste, my lord!-well, fare you well, my lord -Are you so hasty now?-well, all is one. T~~c. Nay, do not quarrel with us, good old man. ~4~. Ifhe could right himself with quarrelling, Some of us would lie low. Claud. Who wrongs him ? jL~c~. Marry, thou dostwrongme~ thou difsembler, thou -Nay, never lay thy hand upon thy sword, 1 fear thee not. Claud. Marry, beshrew my hand, If it should give your age such cause of fear In faith, my hand meant nothing to my sword. Leon. Tush, tush, man, never neer and jest at me 1 speak not like a dotard, nor a fbol~ As, under privilege of age, to brag What 1 have done being young, or what would do, Were 1 not old Know, Claudio, to thy head, Thou hast so wrong'd mine innocent child and me, That 1 am fbrc'd to lay my reverence by And, with grey hairs, and bruise of many days, Do challenge thee to trial of a man. I say, thou hast belied mine innocent child, Thy slander hath gone through and through her heart, And she lies buried with her ancestors 0 in a tomb where never scandai slept, Save this of hers, fram'd by thy villainy. Claud. Myvillainy? Z~ Thine, Claudio thine, 1 say. ~~yc. You say not right, old man. Leon. My lord, my lord, Fil prove it on his body, if he dare Despite his nice fence, and his active practice, His May of youth, and bloom of lustyhood. Claud. Away, 1 will not have to do with you. Z~c~. Canst thou so daif me? Thou hast kIIFd my child If thou kill'st me, boy, thou shalt kill a man. He shall kill two of us, and men indeed But that's no matter let him kill one first,-Win me and wear me,-let him answer me Corne, follow me, boy corne, sir boy, follow me Sir boy, Fil whip you from your foining fence Nay, as 1 am a gentleman, 1 will. Leon. Brother, Content yourself God knows, 1 lov'd my niece And she is dead, slander'd to death by villains That dare as well answer a man indeed, As 1 dare take a serpent by the tongue Boys, apes, braggarts, jacks, milksops!-Leon. Brother Anthony, Ant. Hold you content What, man! 1 know them, yea, And what they weigh, even to the utmost scruple Scambling, out-facing, fashion-mong'ring boys, That lie, and cog, and flout, deprave, and slander, Go antickly, and show outward hideousnefs, And speak off half a dozen dangerous words, How they might hurt their enemies, if they durst, And this is all. Leon. But, brother Anthony,-Corne, 'tis no matter Do not you meddle, let me deal in this. jP~fc. Gentlemen both, we will not wake your patience. My heart is sorry for your daughter's death But, on my honour, she was charg'd with nothing But what was true, and very full of proof. Leon. My lord, my lord,-jP~yo. 1 will not hear you. Leon. No? Come, brother, away -1 will be heard. And shall, Or some of us will smart for it. J~~M~ jL~M~Mc. Enter Benedick. jM~c. See, see hère cornes the man we went to seek. Claud. Now, signior! Whatnews? Bene. Good day, my lord. Pedro. Welcome signior You are almost come to part almost a fray. Claud. We had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth. Pedro. Leonato and his brother What thinkestthou? had we fought, 1 doubt, we should have been too young for them. Bene. In a false quarrel there is no true valour. 1 came to seek you both. Claud. We have been up and down to seek thee for we are high-proof melancholy, and would fain have it beaten away Wilt thou use thy wit ? Bene. It is in my scabbard Shall 1 draw It ? T~rc. Dost thou wear thy wit by thy side ? Claud. Never any did so, though very many have been beside their wit.-1 will bid thee draw, as we do the min-strels draw, to pleasure us. Pedro. As 1 am an honest man, he looks pale -Art thou sick, or angry? Claud. What courage, man What, though care killed a cat, thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care. Bene. Sir, 1 shall meet your wit in the career, an you charge it against me -1 pray you, chuse another subject. Claud. Nay, then give him another staff this last was broke crofs. Pedro. By this light, he changes more and more 1 think, he be angry indeed. Claud. If he be, he knows how to turn his girdle. Bene. Shall 1 speak a word in your ear ? Claud. God biefs me from a challenge You are a villain -1 jest not -1 will make it good how you dare, with what you dare, and when you dare Do me right, or 1 will protest your cowardice. You have killed a sweet lady, and her death shall fall heavy on you Let me hear from you. Claud. Well, 1 will meet you, so 1 may have good cheer. Pedro. What, a feast ? a feast ? Claud. rfaith, 1 thank him he hath bid me to a calf's head and a capon the which if 1 do not carve most curi-ously, say, my knife is naught.-Shall 1 not find a wood-cock too? ~M~. Sir, your wit ambles well it goes easily. Pedro. 1 will tell thee, how Beatrice praised thy wit the other day 1 said, thou hadst a fine wit 7~~ says she, a fne little one JVo~ said I, great wit Right, said she, a great ~o ~ one Xay, said I, good wit y~, said she, it hurts nobody Nay, said I, the is w~ Certain, said she, a wise Nay, said I, he hath the tongues That I believe, said she, for he swore a thing to me on Mon-day night, zvhich ~~o~6 ~M~~ morning there is a double tongue, there is two ~~M~. Thus did she, an hour together, trans-shape thy particular virtues yet, at last, she concluded with a sigh, thou wast the properest man in Italy. Claud. For the which she wept heartily, and said, she cared not. ~~c. Yea, that she did but yet, for all that, an if she did not hate him deadly, she would love him dearly the old man's daughter told us all. Claud. Ail, all and moreover, God ~w him when he was hid in the g~r~. Pedro. But when shall we set the savage bull's horns on the sensible Benedick's head ? Claud. Yea, and text underneath, Here Benedick, the married man? Bene. Fare you well, boy you know my mind 1 will leave you now to your gofsip-like humour you break jests as braggarts do their blades, which, God be thanked, hurt not.-My lord, for your many courtesies 1 thank you 1 must discontinue your company your brother, the Bastard, is fled from Mefsina you have, among you, killed a sweet and innocent lady For my lord Lack-beard there, he and 1 shall meet and till then, peace be with him. ~~j5~ Pedro. He is in earnest. Claud. In most profound earnest and, 1 will warrant you, for the love of Beatrice. Pedro. And hath challenged thee? Claud. Most sincerely. Pedro. What a pretty thing man is, when he goes in his doublet and hose, and leaves off his wif Enter Dogberry, Verges, and the Watch, with Conrade, and Borachio. Claud. He is then a giant to an ape but then is an ape a doctor to such a man. jP~c. But, soft you, let be pluck up my heart, and be sad Did he not say, my brother was fled? Dcg~. Corne you, sir if justice cannot tame you, she shall never weigh more reasons in her balance nay, an you be a cursing hypocrite once, you must be looked to. Pedro. How now, two of my brother's men bound Bo-rachio, one! Claud. Hearken after their offence, my lord Pedro. Officers, what offence have these men done ? Dogb. Marry, sir, they have committed false report moreover, they have spoken untruths secondarily, they are slanders sixth and lastly, they have belied a lady thirdly, they have verified unjust things and, to conclude, they are lying knaves. .T~fc. First, 1 ask thee what they have done thirdly, 1 ask thee what is their offence sixth and lastly, why they are committed and, to conclude, what you lay to their charge. Claud. Rightly reasoned, and in his own division and, by my troth, there is one meaning well suited. JMrc. Who have you offended, masters, that you are thus bound to your answer? this learned constable is too cunning to be understood What is your offence? Bora. Sweet prince, let me go no further to mine answer do you hear me, and let this count kill me. 1 have deceived even your very eyes what your wisdoms could not disco-ver, these shallow fools have brought to light who, in the night, overheard me confefsing to this man, how Don John your brother incensed me to slander the lady Hero how you were brought into the orchard, and saw me court Mar-garet in Hero's garments how you disgraced her, when you should marry her my villainy they have upon record which 1 had rather seal with my death, than repeat over to my shame the lady is dead upon mine and my master's false accusation and, briefly, 1 desire nothing but the re-ward of a villain. Pedro. Runs not this speech like iron through yourblood ? Claud. 1 have drunk poison, whiles he uttered it. .P~ro. But did my brother set thee on to this ? Bora. Yea, and paid me richly for the practice of it. Pedro He is compos'd and fram'd of treachery -And fled he is upon this villainy. Claud. Sweet Hero now thy image doth appear In the rare semblance that 1 lov'd it first. Dogb. Come, bring away thé plaintiffs by this time, our Sexton hath reformed Signior Leonato of the matter And, masters, do not forget to specify, when time and place shall serve, that 1 am an afs. ~r~. Here, here cornes master signior Leonato, and thé Sexton too. Re-enter Z~~M~ and Antonio, z~~A tlte Sexton. Z~z. Which is the villain? Let me see his eyes That when 1 note another man like him, 1 may avoid him Which of these is he ? Bora. If you would know your wronger, look on me. Leon. Art thou the slave, that with thy breatli hast kill'd Mine innocent child ? J3c~. Yea, even 1 alone, L~ No, not so, villain thou beliest thyself Hère stand a pair of honourable men, A third is fled, that had a hand in it -1 thank you, princes, for my daughter's death Record it with your high and worthy deeds 'Twas bravely donc, if you bethink you of it. Claud. 1 know not how to pray your patience, Yet 1 must speak Chuse your revenge yourself Impose me to what penance your invention Can lay upon my sin yet sinn'd 1 not, But in mistaking. Pedro. By my soul, nor 1 And yet, to satisfy this good old man, 1 would bend under any heavy weight That he'll enjoin me to. Leon. 1 cannot bid you bid my daughter live, That were impofsible but, 1 pray you both, Pofsefs the people in Mefsina here How innocent she died and, if your love Can labour aught in sad invention, Hang her an epitaph upon her tomb, And sing it to her bones sing it to-night To-morrow morning corne you to my house And since you could not be my son-in-law, Be yet my nephew my brother hath a daughter, Almost the copy of my child that's dead, And she alone is heir to both of us Give her the right you should have given her cousin, And so dies my revenge. Claud. 0, noble sir! Your over-kindnefs doth wring tears from me 1 do embrace your offer and dispose For henceforth of poor Claudio. Leon. To-morrow then 1 will expect your coming To-night 1 take my leave.-This naughty man Shall face to face be brought to Margaret, Who, 1 believe, was pack'd in all this wrong, Hir'd to it by your brother. Bora. No, by my soul, she was not Nor knew not what she did, when she spoke to me But aiways hath been just and virtuous, In any thing that 1 do know by her. Dogb. Moreover, sir, which, indeed, is not under white and black this plaintiS here, the offender, did call me afs 1 beseech you, let it be remembered in his punishment And also, the Watch heard them talk of one Defbrmed they say, he wears a key in his ear, and a lock hanging by it and borrows money in God's name the which he hath used so long, and never paid, that now men grow hard-hearted, and will lend nothing for God's saké Pray you, examine him upon that point. Leon. 1 thank thee for thy care and honest pains. Dogb. Your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverend youth and 1 praise God for you. Leon. There is for thy pains. Dogb. God save the foundation Z~z. Go, 1 discharge thee of thy prisoner, and 1 thank thee. Dc~. 1 leave an arrant knave with your worship which 1 beseech your worship to correct yourself, for the example of others. God keep your worship 1 wish your worship well God restore you to health 1 humbly give you leave to depart and if a merry meeting may be wished, God pro-hibit it.-Come, neighbour. LE' Leon. Until to-morrow morning, lords, farewell. ~y~. Farewell, my lords we look for you to-morrow. Pedro. We will not fail. Claud. To-night I'll mourn with Hero. Leon. Bring you these fellows on we'll talk with Margaret, How her acquaintance grew with this lewd fellow. E~M~ ~~Y~ CJP ~J? A ROOM IN LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Benedick, and Margaret, meeting. Bene. Pray thee, sweet mistrefs Margaret, deserve well at my hands, by helping me to the speech of Beatrice. Marg. Will you then write me a sonnet in praise of my beauty ? In so high a style, Margaret, that no man living shall come over it for, in most comely truth, thou deser-vest it. ~ To have no man corne over me? why, shall 1 al-ways keep below stairs ? Bene. Thy wit is as quick as the greyhound's mouth, it catches. ~f~ And yours as blunt as the fencer's foils, which hit, but hurt not. Bene. A most manly wit, Margaret, it will not hurt a woman and so, 1 pray thee, call Beatrice 1 give thee the bucklers. .M~g. Give us the swords, we have bucklers of our own. Bene. If you use thern, Margaret, you must put in the pikes with a vice and they are dangerous weapons for maids. ' Vell, 1 will call Beatrice to you, who, 1 think, hath legs. ~~ Margaret. J5~. And therefore will corne. sings. The god c~ Z~ sits ~c~ And knows me, and ~zc~ me, How ~~Z M~ I ~~T~ 1 mean, in singing but in loving,Leander the good swimmer, Troilus the first employer of pandars, and a whole book full of these quondam carpet-m.ongers, whose names yet run smoothly in the even road of a blank verse, why, they were never so truly turned over and over, as my poor self, in love Marry, I cannot shew it in rhyme 1 have tried 1 can find out no rhyme to lady but baby, an innocent rhyme for scorn, ltorn, a hard rhyme for ~Ac~jM, a bab-bling rhyme very ominous endings No, 1 was not born under a rhyming planet, nor 1 cannot woo in festival terms. Enter Beatrice. Sweet Beatrice, would'st thou come when 1 called thee? Yea, signior, and depart when you bid me. Bene. 0, stay but till then! Then, is spoken fare you well now -and yet ère 1 go, let me go with that 1 came for, which is, with knowmg what hath pafsed between you and Claudio. j6~. Only foui words and thereupon 1 will Idfs thee. Foui words is but foui wind, and foui wind is but foui breath, and foui breath is noisome therefore 1 will depart unkifsed. Bene. Thou hast frighted the word out of his right sense, so forcible is thy wit But, 1 must tell thee plainly, Clau-dio undergoes my challenge and either 1 must shortly hear from him, or 1 will subscribe him a coward. And, 1 pray thee now, tell me, for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me ? J3~. For them all together which maintained so poli-tic a state of evil, that they will not admit any good part to intermingle with them. But for which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me? Bene. ~M~r ~o~ a good epithet! 1 do suffer love, in-deed, for 1 love thee against my will. Beat. In spite of your heart, 1 think alas poor heart If you spite it for my sake, 1 will spite it for yours for 1 will ncver love that which my friend hates. Bene. Thou and 1 are too wise to woo peaceably. Beat. It appears not in this confefsion there is not one wise man among twenty, that will praise himself. Bene. An old, an old instance, Beatrice, that lived in the time of good neighbours if a man do not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies, he shall live no longer in monu-ment, than the bell rings, and the widow weeps. Beat. And how long is that, think you ? Bene. Question?-Why, an hour in clamour, and a quarter in r heum Therefore it is most expédient for the wise, if Don Worm, his conscience, find no impediment to the contrary to be the trumpet of his own virtues, as 1 am to myself So much for praising myself, who, 1 myself will bear witnefs, is praise-worthyj and now tell me, How doth your cousin ? Very ill. And how do you ? Beat. Very ill too. Bene. Serve God, love me, and mend there will 1 leave you too, for here cornes one in haste. Enter 6~ Urs. Madam, you must come to your uncle yonder is old coil at home it is proved my lady Hero hath been falsely accused, the prince and Claudio mightily abused and Don John is the author of all, who is fled and gone Will you corne presently ? Beat. Will you go hear this news, signior? Bene. 1 will live in thy heart, die in thy lap, and be bu-ried in thy eyes and, moreover, 1 will go with thee to thy uncle. E~M~. C ~J~jE 777 A CHURCH. Enter Don ~~yc~ Claudio, and Attendants ~~A music and tapers. Claud. Is this the monument of Leonato ? Attend. It is, my lord. Claudio reads. Done Io death by slanderous tongues Was the Hero that here lies Death, in guerdon o~ her zvrongs, Gives herfame never dies So the life, that died with shame, Lives in death ~A ~onomjf~ Hang thou there upon the tomb, P~M~g ~~y when I am dumb. Now, music, sound, and sing your solemn hymn. S ON G. Pardon, goddefs of the night, 7~~ that virgin knight For the z~ Mc~ with ~~M~ of woe, Round about her tomb they go. Midnight, afsist our moan jf~~ to ~~A and groan, .H~M~ A~ Graves, yawn, and yield your dead, Tz~ death be uttered, Heavily, heavily. C~M~. Now unto thy bones good night! Yearly will 1 do this rite. Pedro. Good morrow, masters put your torches out The wolves have prey'd and, look, the gentle day, Before the wheels of Phoebus, round about Dapples the drowsy east with spots of grey Thanks to you all, and leave us fare you well. Claud. Good morrow, masters each his several way. JF~yc. Corne, let us hence, and put on other weeds And then to Leonato's we will go. Claud. And, Hymen, now with luckier ifsue speed's Than this, for whom we render'd up this woe! E~M~. C E F LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Leonato, Antonio, Benedick, Beatrice, Margaret, Ursula, and ~r~ Friar. Did 1 not tell you she was innocent ? Leon. So are the prince and Claudio, who accus'd her, Upon the error that you heard debated But Margaret was in some fault for this Although against her will, as it appears In the true course of all the question. ~?z~. Well 1 am glad that all things sort so well. Bene. And so am I, being else by faith enforc'd To call young Claudio to a reckoning for it. Leon. Well, daughter, and you gentlewomen all, Withdraw into a chamber by yourselves And, when 1 send for you, corne hither mask' d The prince and Claudio promis'd by this hour To visit me -You know your office, brother You must be father to your brother's daughter, And give her to young Claudio. Exeunt Ladies. Ant. Which 1 will do with confirm' d countenance. Bene. Friar, 1 must entreat your pains, 1 think. Friar. To do what, signior ? Bene. To bind me, or undo me, one of them.-Signior Leonato, truth it is, good signior, Your niece regards me with an eye of favour. Leon. That eye my daughter lent her Tis most true. Bene. And 1 do with an eye of love requite her. Leon. The sight whereof, 1 think, you had from me, From Claudio, and the prince But what's your will? Bene. Your answer, sir, is enigmatical But, for my will, my will is, your good will May stand with ours, this day to be conjoin'd In the state of honourable marriage In which, good Friar, 1 shall desire your help. jL~ My heart is with your liking. Friar. And my help. Here comes the prince, and Claudio. Enter Don Pedro, and Claudio, with Attendants. Pedro. Good morrow to this fair afsembly. Z~CM. Good morrow, prince good morrow, Claudio We here attend you Are you yet determin'd To-day to marry with my brother's daughter? Claud. I'll hold my mind, were she an Ethiop. Z~cM. Call her forth, brother, here's the Friar ready. J?~~ jP~yo. Good morrow, Benedick Why, what's the matter, That you have such a February face, So full of frost, of storm, and cloudinefs ? Claud. 1 think, he thinks upon the savage buJI Tush, fear not, man, we'll tip thy horns with gold, And all Europa shall rejoice at thee As once Europa did at lustyjove, When he would play the noble beast in love. Bene. Bull Jove, sir, had an amiable low And some such strange bull leap'd your father's cow, And got a calf' in that same noble feat, Much like to you, for you havejust his bleat. Re-enter Antonio, Hero, Beatrice, Margaret, ~M~ Ursula, masked. Claud. For this 1 owe you here cornes other reckonings. Which is the lady 1 must seize upon ? Ant. This same is she, and 1 do give you her. Claud. Why,then she's mine -Sweet, let me see yourface. Leon. No, that you shall not, till you take her hand Before this Friar, and swear to marry her. Claud. Give me your hand before this holy Friar 1 am your husband, if you like of me. Hero. And when 1 liv'd, 1 was your otherwife unmasking. And when you lov'd, you were my other husband. Claud. Another Hero ? ~fc. Nothing certain.er One Hero died defiled but 1 do live, And, surely as live, 1 am a maid. jP~c. The former Hero Hero, that is dead Z~z. She died, my lord, but whiles her slander liv'd. Friar. Ail this amazement can 1 qualify When, after that the holy rites are ended, l'il tell you largely of fair Hero's death Meantime let wonder seem familiar, And to the chapel let us presently. Bene. Soft and fair, Friar.-Which is Béatrice ? Beat. 1 answer to that name M~m~.1 What is your will ? Bene. Do not you love me ? Why, no, no more than reason. Bene. Why, then your uncle, and the prince, and Claudio, Have been deceived for they swore, you did. Beat. Do not you love me ? Bene. Troth, no, no more than reason. Beat. Why, then my cousin, Margaret, and Ursula, Are much deceiv'd for they did swear, you did. Bene. They swore, that you were almost sick for me. Beat. They swore, that you were well nigh dead for me. Bene. 'Tis no such matter -Then, you do not love me? .Beat. No, truly, but in friendly recompence. Z~M. Come, cousin, 1 am sure you love the gentleman. Claud. And I'll be sworn upon't, that he loves her For here's a paper, written in his hand, A halting sonnet of his own pure brain, Fashion'd to Beatrice. Hero. And here's another, Writ in my cousin's hand, stolen from her pocket, Containing her affection unto Benedick. Bene. A miracle here's our own hands against our hearts -Corne, I will have thee but, by this light, 1 take thee for pity. 1 would not deny you -but, by this good day, 1 yield upon great persuasion and, partly, to save your life, for 1 was told, you were in a consumption. Bene. Peace, 1 will stop your mouth.- ~~ her. Pedro. How dost thou, Benedick the married man? Bene. 1 will tell thee what, prince a college of wit-crackers cannot flout me out of my humour Dost thou think, 1 care for a satire, or an epigram ? No if a man will be beaten with brains, he shall wear nothing handsome about him In brief, since 1 do purpose to marry, 1 will think nothing to any purpose that the world can say against it and therefore never flout at me for what 1 have said against it for man is a giddy thing, and this is my conclusion. For thy part, Claudio, 1 did think to have beaten thee but, in that thou art like to be my kinsman, live unbruised, and love my cousin. Claud. 1 had well hoped, thou wouldst have denied Bea-trice, that 1 might have cudgelled thee out of thy single life, to make thee a double dealer which, out of question, thou wilt be, if my cousin do not look exceeding narrowly to thee. Bene. Come, come, we are friends let us have a dance ere we are married, that we may lighten our own hearts, and our wives' heels. Z~ We will have dancing afterward. j6~ First, on my word therefore, play, music.-Prince, thou art sad get thee a wife, get thee a wife there is no staff more reverend than one tipt with horn. Enter a Mesenger. Mes. My lord, your brother John is ta'en in flight, And brought with armed men back to Mefsina. j6~ Think not on him till to-morrow I will devise thee brave punishments for him.-Strike up, pipers. ~~c~. E~ c~MM. '° °' Front ~c ~aÏt~pMM ~LMER~CO. DRAMATIC WORKS 0F SHAKSPEARE. REVISED ~r GEORGE ~y~jF~~y. LONDON PRINTED BY W. BULMER AND CO. ~a6~MfC ~t~B~~tCC, FOR JOHN AND JOSIAH BOYDELL, AND GEORGE NICOL FyoM the Types of W. Mar~'M. 1791. THE LOVE'S LABOUR'S ~0~7 Biron, Longaville, and Dumain, Lords,ountry Wenclt. PERSONS OF THE DRAMA Ferdinand, A~'M~ of Navarre. O~C~r~, and 0~ Attendants on ~6 AïMg' and Princess. Scene, Navarre. LOVE'S LABOUR'S LOST ~C~T I yCEJVE I NAVARRE. A PARK, WITH A PALACE IN IT. jE~r ~m~ Biron, Z~ and Dumain. KING. LET famé, that all hunt after in their lives, Live register'd upon our brazen tombs, And then grace us in the disgrace of death When, spite of cormorant devouring time, The endeavour of this present breath may buy That honour, which shall bate his scythe's keen edge, And make us heirs of all eternity. Therefore, brave conquerors,for so you are, That war against your own affections, And the huge army of the worid's desires, Our late edict shall strongly stand in force Navarre shall be th.e wonder of the world Our court shall be a little Academe, Still and contemplative in living art. You three, BIron, Dumain, and Longaville, Have sworn for three years' term to live with me, My fellow-scholars, and to keep those statutes, That are recorded in this schedule here Your oaths are past, and now subscribe your names That his own hand may strike his honour down, That violates thé smallest branch herein If you are arm'd to do, as sworn to do, Subscribe to your deep oath, and keep it too. Long. 1 am resolv'd 'tis but a threc years' fast The mind shall banquet, though the body pine Fat paunches have lean pates and dainty bits Make rich the ribs, but bankrupt quite thc wits. f~M. DMyyz. My loving lord, Dumain is mortified The grofser manner of these world's delights He throws upon the grofs world's baser slaves To love, to wealth, to pomp, 1 pine and die With all these living in philosophy. subscribes. Bir. 1 can but say their protestation over, So much, dear liege, 1 have already sworn, That is, To live and study hère three years. But there are other strict observances As, not to see a woman in that term Which, 1 hope well, is not enrolled there And, one day in a week to touch no food And but one meal on every day beside The which, 1 hope, is not enrolled there And then, to sleep but three hours in the night, And not be seen to wink of all the day When 1 was wont to think no harm all night, And make a dark night too of haïf the day Which, 1 hope well, is not enrolled there. 0, these are barren tasks, too hard to keep Not to see ladies, study, fast, not sleep. ~?zg. Your oath is pals'd to pafs away from these. Bir. Let me say, no, my liege, an if you please 1 only swore, to study with your grace, And stay here in your court for three years' space. Long. You swore to that, Biron, and to the rest. Bir. By yea and nay, sir, then 1 swore in jest. What is the end of study ? let me know. J~ Why, that to know, which else we should not know. Bir. Things hid and barr'd, you mean, from common sensé ? Ay, that is study's godlike recompence. Bir. Corne on then, 1 will swear to study so, To know the thing 1 am forbid to know As thus,-To study where 1 well may dine, When 1 to feast exprefsly am forbid Or, study where to meet some mistrefs fine, When mistrefses from common sense are hid Or, having sworn too hard-a-keeping oath, Study to break it, and not break my troth. Ifstudy's gain be thus, and this be so, Study knows that, which yet it doth not know Swear me to this, and 1 will ne'er say, no. j~ These be the stops that hinder study quite, And train our intellects to vain delight. Bir. Why, all delights are vain but that most vain, Which, with pain purchas'd, doth inherit pain As, painfully to pore upon a book, To seek the light of truth while truth the while Doth falsely blind the eyesight of his look Light, seeking light, doth light of light beguile So, ere you find where light in darknefs lies, Your light grows dark by losing of your eyes. Study me how to please the eye indeed, By fixing it upon a fairer eye Who dazzling so, that eye shall be his heed, And givc him light that was it blinded by. Study is like the heaven's glorious sun, That will not be deep search'd with saucy looks Small have continuai plodders ever won, Save base authority from others' books. These earthly godfathers of heaven's lights, That give a name to every fixed star, Have no more profit of their shining nights, Than those that walk and wot not what they are. Too much to know, is, to know nought but fame And every godfather can give a name. J~z?~. How well he's read, to reason against reading! Dum. Proceeded well, to stop all good proceeding! Long. He weeds the corn, and still lets grow the weeding. Bir. The spring is near, when green geese are a breeding. Dum. How follows that? Bir. Fit in his place and time. Dum. In reason nothing. Bir. Something then in rhyme. j~m~. Biron is like an envious sneaping frost, That bites the first-born infants of the spring. Bir. Well, say 1 am why should proud summer boast, Before thé birds have any cause to sing Why should 1 joy in an abortive birth ? At Christmas 1 no more desire a rose, Than wish a snow in May's new-fangled shows But like of each thing, that in season grows. So you, to study now it is too late, Climb o'er the house to unlock the little gate. ~m~. Well, sit you out go home, Biron adieu Bir. No, my good lord 1 have sworn to stay with you And, though 1 have for barbarism spoke more, Than for that angel knowledge you can say, Yet confident l'Il keep what 1 have swore, And bide the penance of each three years' day. Give me thé paper, let me read the same And to the strict'st decrees ril write my name. How well this yielding rescues thee from shame Bir. ~ Item, 7~ no woman come ~z~m mile 0~7~ ccM~Hath this been proclaimed? Long. Four days ago. Bir. Let's see thé penalty. mx~. -CM~M c~M?~ Who devised this penalty ? Long. Marry, that did I. Bir. Sweet ,lord, and why ? Long. To fright them hence with that dread penalty. Bir. A dangerous law against gentility ~1 Item, If any man be seen ~o talk w~A woman within the term of ~f~~ years, shall endure such public shame as the rest of the court can devise. This article, my liege, yourself must break For, well you know, here comes in embafsy The French king's daughter, with yourself to speak, A maid of grace, and cômplete majesty,-About surrender-up of Aquitain To her decrepit, sick, and bed-rid father Therefore this article is made in vain, Or vainly comes the admired princels hither. j~mg. What say you, lords? why, this was quite forgot. Bir. So study evemnore is overshot While it doth study to have what it would, It doth forget to do the thing it should And when it hath the thing it hunteth most, 'Tis won, as towns with fire so won, so lost. ~m~. We must, of force, dispense with this decree She must lie here on mere necefsity. Bir. Necefsity will make us all fbrsworn Three thousand times within this three years' space For every man with his affects is born Not by might master'd, but by special grace If 1 break faith, this word shall speak Ibr me, 1 am forsworn on mere necefsity.-So to the laws at large 1 write my name ~M~cW~ And he, that breaks them in the least degree, Stands in attainder of eternal shame Suggestions are to others, as to me But, 1 believe, although 1 seem so loath, 1 am the last that will last keep his oath. But is there no quick recreation granted ? Ay, that there is our court, you know, is haunted With a refined traveller of Spain A man in all the world's new fashion planted, That hath a mint of phrases in his brain One, whom the music of his own vain tongue Doth ravish, like enchanting harmony A man of complements, whom right and wrong Have chose as umpire of their mutiny This child of fancy, that Armado hight, For interim to our studies, shall relate, In high-born words, the worth of many a knight From tawny Spain, lost in the worid's debate. How you delight, my lords, 1 jknow not, 1 But, 1 protest, 1 love to hear him lie, And 1 will use him for my minstrelsy. ~y. Armado is a most illustrious wight, A man of fire-new words, fashion's own knight. Long. Costard the swain, and he, shall be our sport And, so to study, three years is but short. Enter D~ with a and Costard. Dull. Which is the duke's own person? Bir. This, fellow What would'st? Dull. 1 myself reprehend his own person, for 1 am his grace's tharborough but 1 would see his own person in flesh and blood. Bir. This is he. D~. SigniorArme-Arme-commends you. There's villainy abroad this letter will tell you more. Cost. Sir, the contempts thereof are as touching me. 7~ A letter from the magnificent Armado. Bir. How low soever the matter, 1 hope in Cod for high words. Long. A high hope for a low having God grant us patience Bir. To hear? or forbear hearing? Long. To hear meekly, sir, and to laugh moderately or to forbear both. Bir. Well, sir, be it as the style shall give us cause to climb in the merrinefs. Cost. The matter is to me, sir, as concerning Jaquenetta. The manner of it is, 1 was taken with the manner. Bir. In what manner? Cost. In manner and form following, sir all those threc 1 was seen with her in thé manor house, sitting with her upon the form, and taken following her into the park which put together, is, in manner and form following. Now, sir, for the manner,-it is the manner of a man to speak to a woman for the fbrm -in some form. Bir. For the following, sir? Cost. As it shall follow in my correction And God defend the right j~ Will you hear this letter with attention ? Bir. As we would hear an oracle. Cost. Such is the simplicity of man to hearken after the flesh. reads. Great ~~M~~ the welkin's ~~c~f~~ and sole dominator of JV X~~7~ my soul's earth's God, and body's ~~mg ~ycM~-Cost. Not a word of Costard yet. J~m~. So z~ Cost. It may be so but if he say it is so, he is, in telling true, but so, so. J~m~. Peace. Cost. -be to me, and every man that dares not fight ~m~. No words. Cc~. -ofother men's secrets, 1 beseech you. J~ besieged zvillt ~M~-cc~M~yi! 1 did commend tlee black O~y~~ humour to the most !P~C~6 pltysic of air and, as I ~y~ gentleman, ~~c~ walk. 3 ? time, ~M? About the ~ 7~CM~ X~ beasts most graze, birds best ~~C~ and men sit down to that M ?Mf~ wlticlt is called ~M~~r. So y~ to this? Cost. Sir, 1 confefs the wench. j~ Did you hear the proclamation? Cost. 1 do confefs much of the hearing it, but little of the maridng of it. ~mg. It was proclaimed a year's imprisonment to be taken with a wench. Cost. 1 was taken with none, sir 1 was taken with a damosel. j~m~. Wel , It was proclaimed damosel. Cost. This was no damoselneither, sir she was a virgin. It is so varied too for it was proclaimed, virgin. Cost. If it were, 1 deny her virginity 1 was taken with a maid. King. This maid will not serve your turn, sir. Cost. This maid will serve my turn, sir. Sir, 1 will pronounce your sentence You shall fast a week with bran and water. Cost. 1 had rather pray a month with mutton and por-ridge. ~m~. And Don Armado shall be your keeper.-My lord Biron, see him deliver'd o'er.-And go we, lords, to put in practice that Which each to other hath so strongly sworn. Exeunt Longaville, and Dumain. Bir. 1~1 lay my head to any good man's hat, These oaths and laws will prove an idle scorn.-Sirrah, come on. Cc~. 1 suffer for the truth, sir for true it is, 1 was taken withjaquenetta, andjaquenetta is a true girl and there-fore, Welcome the sour cup of prosperity Amiction may one day smile again, and till then, Sit thee down, sorrow jE'~MM~ ~~J?~E 77 ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. A ROOM IN ARMADO'S HOUSE. Enter Armado, and ~fo~. j4f~. Boy, what sign is it, when a man of great spirit grows melancholy ? ~fc~. A gréât sign, sir, that lie will look sad. ~M. Why, sadnefs is one and the self-same thing, dear Imp. Moth. No, no 0 lord, sir, no. ~f~. How canst thou part sadnels and melancholy, my tenderjuvenal? Moth. By a lamiliar demonstration of the working, my tough senior. ~fw. Why tough senior? why tough senior? ~fc Why tenderjuvenal? why tenderjuvenal? A~. 1 spoke it, tenderjuvenal, as a congruent epitheton, appertaining to thy young days, which we may nominate tender. Moth. And 1, tough senior, as an appertinent title to your old time, which we may name tough. ~f~. Pretty, and apt. ~f~A. How mean you, sir? 1 pretty, and my saying apt ? or 1 apt, and my saying pretty ? ~?M. Thou pretty because little. Motlt. Little pretty, because little wherefore apt ? ~f~x. And therefore apt, because quick. j~fc~. Speak you this in my praise, master? Arm. In thy condign praise. Mo~. 1 will praise an eel with the same praise. ~r~. What? that an eel is ingenious? ~fo A. That an eel is quick. ~y~. 1 do say, thou art quick in answers Thou heat'st my blood. Motlt. 1 am answered, sir. Arm. 1 love not to be crofsed. ~fc~A. He speaks the mere contrary, crofses love not him. Aside. Arm. 1 have promised to study three years with the duke. Moth. You may do it in an hour, sir. Impofsible. Moth. How many is one thrice told ? 1 am ill at reckoning, it fitteth the spirit of a tapster. Moth. You are a gentleman and a gamester, sir. Arm. 1 confefs both they are both the varnish of a com-plete man. Moth. Then, 1 am sure, you know how much the grofs sum of deuce-ace amounts to. Arm. It doth amount to one more than two. .Mc~. Which the base vulgar do call, three. ~y~. True. Moth. Why, sir, is this such a piece of study ? Now here is three studied, ere you'11 thrice wink and how easy it is to put years to the word three, and study three years in two words, the dancing horse will tell you. ~r~. A most fine figure Moth. To prove you a cipher. L~ 1 will hereupon confefs, 1 am in love and, as it is base for a soldier to love, so am 1 in love with a base wench. If drawing my sword against the humour of affec-tion would deliver me from the reprobate thought of it, 1 would take desire prisoner and ransom him to any French courtier for a new devised courtesy. 1 think scorn to sigh methinks, I should out-swear Cupid. Comfort me, boy What great men have been in love ? j Mc A. Hercules, master. ~ryM. Most sweet Hercules More authority, dear boy, name more and, sweet my child, let them be men of good repute and carriage. Moth. Sampson, master he was a man of good carriage, great carriage for he carried the town gates on his back, like a porter and he was in love. ~~M. 0 well-knit Sampson! strong-jointed Sampson! 1 do excel thee in my rapier, as much as thou didst me in carrying gates. 1 am in love too.-Who was Sampson's love, my dear Moth ? Mo~. A woman, master. ~4 7~. Of what complexion ? ~fc~A. Of ail the four, or the three, or the two or one of the four. ~7~. Tell me precisely, of what complexion? Moth. Of the sea-water green, sir. ~7M. Is that one of the four complexions ? TMo~. As 1 have read, sir and the best of them too. Arm. Green, indeed, is the colour of lovers but to have a love of that colour, methinks, Sampson had small reason for it. He, surely, affected her for her wit. Moth. It was so, sir for she had a green wit. Arm. My love is most immaculate white and red. .Mc~. Most maculate thoughts, master, are masked under such colours. ~y~. Define, define, well-educated infant. Moth. My father's wit, and my mother's tongue afsist me ~y~. Sweet invocation of a child most pretty, and pa-thetical .Mc~. If she be made of white and red, Her faults will ne'er be known For blushing cheeks by faults are bred, And fears by pale-white shown Then, if she fear, or be to blame, By this you shall not know For still her cheeks pofsefs the same, Which native she doth owe. Adangerous rhyme, master, against the reason of white and red. ~f~. Is there not a ballad, boy, of the King and the Beggar? .Mc~A. The world was very guilty of such a ballad some three ages since but, 1 think, now 'tis not to be found or, if it were, it would neither serve for the writing, nor the tune. . 4n~. 1 will have that subject newly writ o'er, that 1 may example my digression by some mighty precedent. Boy, 1 do love that country girl, that 1 took in the park with the rational hind Costard she deserves well. Moth. To be whipped and yet a better love than my master. ~ ~y~ Sing, boy my spirit grows heavy in love. ~Mo~. And that's great marvel, loving a light wench. Arm. 1 say, sing. ~fo~. Forbear, till this company be past. Enter D~~ Costard, ~M~y~~M~ JDM~. Sir, the duke's pleasure is, that you keep Costard safe and you must let him take no delight, nor no penance but a' must fast three days a-week For this damsel, 1 must keep her at the park she is allowed for the day-woman. Fare you well. Arm. 1 do betray myself with blushing.-Maid. y~y. Man. Arm. 1 will visit thee at the lodge. y~y. That 's hereby. ~r~. 1 know where it is situate. ~y. Lord, how wise you are ~TX. I will tell thee wonders. J~. With that face ? ~tn~. I love thee. y So I heard you say. Arm. And so farewell. y~. Fair weather after you Dull. Come, Jaquenetta, away. .E~M~ D~M XM~y~M~ ~f~. Villain, thou shalt fast for thy offences, ere thou be pardoned. Cost. Well, sir, 1 hope, when 1 do it, 1 shall do it on a full stomach. Arm. Thou shalt be heavily punished. Cost. 1 am more bound to you, than your fellows, for they are but lightly rewarded. Arm. Take away this villain shut him up. Motlt. Come, you transgrefsing slave away. Cost. Let me not be pent up, sir 1 will fast, being loose. No, sir that were fast and loose thou shalt to prison. Cost. Well, if ever 1 do see the merry days of désolation that 1 have seen, some shall sec .M~A. What shall some see? Cost. Nay, nothing, master Moth, but what they look upon. It is not for prisoners to be too silent in their words and, therefore, 1 will say nothing 1 thank God, 1 have as little patience as another man and, thcrefbre 1 can be quiet. jE~M?~ and Costard. ~?~. 1 do affect thé very ground, which is base, where her shoe, which is baser, guided by her foot, which is basest, doth tread. 1 shall be forsworn, which is a great argument offalsehood if 1 love And how can that be true love, which is falsely attempted ? Love is a familiar love is a devil there is no evil angel but love. Yet Sampson was so tempted and he had an excellent strength yet was Solomon soseduced and he had a very good wit. Cupid'sbut-shaft is too hard for Hercules' club, and therefore too much odds for a Spaniard's rapier. The first and second cause will not serve my turn the pafsado he respects not, the duello hc regards not his disgrace is to be called boy but his glory is, to subduc mcn. Adieu, valour rust, rapier! be still drum for your manager is in love yea, he loveth. Afsist me some extemporal god of rhyme, for, 1 am sure, 1 shall turn sonneteer. Devise, wit write, pen for 1 am for whole volumes in folio. Exit. ~C~ Il ~CjE ~VE I ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. A PAVILION AND TENTS AT A DISTANCE. Enter the Princefs c France, Rosaline, Maria, Boyet, Lords, and other Attendants. Boy. Now, madam, summon up your dearest spir its Consider who the king your father sends To whom he sends and what's his embafsy Yourself, held precious in the worid's esteem To parley with the sole inheritor Of ail perfections that a man may owe, Matchlefs Navarre the plea of no lefs weight Than Aquitain, a dowry for a queen. Be now as prodigal of ail dear grace, As nature was in making graces dear, When she did starve the general world beside, And prodigally gave them all to you. jPWTZ. Good lord Boyet, my beauty, though but mean, Needs not the painted flourish of your praise Beauty is bought byjudgment ofthe eye, Not utter'd by base sale of chapmen's tongues 1 am lefs proud to hear you tell my worth, Than you much willing to be counted wise In spending your wit in the praise ofmine. But now to task thé tasker,-Good Boyet, You are not ignorant, aH-teIling fame Doth noise abroad, Navarre hath made a vow, Till painful studies shall outwear three years, No woman may approach his silent court Therefore to us seemeth it a needful course, Before we enter his forbidden gates, To know his pleasure and in that behaïf, Bold of your worthinels, we single you As our best-moving fair solicitor Tell him, the daughter of the king of France, On serious businefs, craving quick despatch, Importunes personal conference with his grace. Haste, signify so much while we attend, Like humble-visag'd suitors, his high wll. Boy. Proud of employment, willingly 1 go. ~ jPrm. Aiï pride is willing pride, and yours is so.-Who are the votaries, my loving lords, That are vow-fellows with this virtuous duke? 1 Lord. Longaville is one. Prin. Know you the man? 7~ 1 know him, madam at a rnarriage ~east, Between Jord Perigort and the beauteous heir Of Jaques Faulconbridge solémnized, In Normandy saw 1 this Longaville A man of sovereign parts lie is esteem'd Well ntted in thé arts, glorious in arms Nothing becomes him ill, tliat he would well. Thé only soil of his fair virtue's glofs, f If virtue's glofs will stain with any soil, Is a sharp wit match'd with too blunt a will Whose edge hath power to eut, whose will still wills It should non.e spare that come within his power. Prirt. Some merry mocking lord, belike is't so? Mar. They say so most, that most his humours know. P~. Such short-liv' d wits do wither as they grow. Who are the rest ? The young Dumain, a well-accomplish'd youth, Of ail that virtue love for virtue lov'd Most power' to do most harm, least knowing ill For he hath wit to make an ill shape good, And shape to win grace though he had no wit. 1 saw him at the duke AIencon's once And much too little of that good 1 saw, Is my report, to his great worthinefs. ~?M. Another of these students at that time Was there with him, if 1 have heard a truth Biron they call him but a merrier man, Within the limit of becoming mirth, 1 never spent an hour's talk withal His eye begets occasion for his wit For every object that the one doth catch, The other turns to a mirth-moving jest Which his fair tongue ~conceit's expositor, Delivers in such apt and gracious words, That aged ears play truant at his tales, And younger hearings are quite ravished So sweet and voluble is his discourse. Prin. God biefs my ladies are they ail in love That every one her own hath garnished With such bedecking ornaments ofpraise? 1 Lord. Here comes Boyet. Re-enter Boyet. T~r~. Now, what admittance, lord ? Boy. Navarre had notice of your fair approach And he and his competitors in oath Were ail addrefs'd to meet you, gentle lady, Before 1 came. Marry, thus much 1 have learnt, He rather means to lodge you in the field, Like one that comes here to besiege his court, Than seek a dispensation for his oath, To let you enter his unpeopled house. Here cornes Navarre. the ladies Enter Z. Dumain, Biron, and Attendants. T~ Fair princefs, welcome to the court of Navarre. Prin. Fair, 1 give you back again and, welcome 1 have not yet the roof of this court is too high to be yours and welcome to the wide fields too base to be mine. Ifing. You shall be welcome, madam, to my court. Prin. 1 will be welcome then conduct me thither. King. Hear me, dear lady 1 have sworn an oath. Prin. Our Lady help my lord! he'll be forsworn. King. Not for the world, fair madam, by my will. .Pn~. Why, will shall break it will, and nothing else. Your ladyship is ignorant what it is. ~r~. Were my lord so, his ignorance were wise, Where now his knowledge must prove ignorance. 1 hear your grace hath sworn-out housekeeping 'Tis deadly sin to keep that oath, my lord, And sin to break it But pardon me, 1 am too sudden bold To teach a teacher ill beseemeth me. Vouchsafe to read the purpose of my coming, And suddenly resolve me in my suit. t~~y a King. Madam, 1 will, if suddenly 1 may. Prin. You will the sooner, that 1 were away For you'Il prove perjur'd, ifyou make me stay. jB~r. Did not 1 dance with you in Brabant once ? ~cj. Did not 1 dance with you in Brabant once ? J~r. 1 know, you did. ~M. How needlefs was it then To ask thé question Bir. You must not be so quick. JRc~. 'Tis 'long of you that spur me with such questions. Bir. Your wit's too hot, it speeds too fast, 'twill tire. ~M. Not till it leave the rider in the mire. Bir. What time o' day ? ~o~. The hour that fools should ask. ~r. Now fair befall your mask -~M. Fair fall the face it covers Bir. And send you many lover s J?~. Amen, so you be none. -6~. Nay, then will 1 be gone. Ifing, Madam, your father here doth intimate Thé payment ofa hundred thousand crowns Being but thé one half of an entire sum, Disbursed by my father in his wars. But say, that he, or we, as neither hâve, Receiv'd that sum yet there remains unpaid A hundred thousand more in surety of which, One part of Aquitain is bound to us, Although not valued to the money's worth. If then the king your father will restore But that one half which is unsatisfied, We will give up our right in Aquitain, And hold fair friendship with his majesty. But that, it seems, he little purposeth, For here he doth demand to have repaid An hundred thousand crowns and not demands, On payment of a hundred thousand crowns, To have his title live in Aquitain Which we much rather had depart withal, And have the money by our father lent, Than Aquitain so gelded as it is. Dear princefs, were not his requests so far From reason's yielding, your fair self should make A yielding, 'gainst some reason, in my breast, And go well satisfied to France again. Prin. You do the king my father too much wrong, And wrong the reputation of your name, In so unseeming to confefs receipt Of that which hath so faithfully been paid. King. 1 do protest, 1 never heard ofit 9 And, if you prove it, l'II repay it back, Or yield up Aquitain. We arrest your word Boyet, you can produce acquittances, For such a sum, from special officers Of Charles his father. ~m~. Satisfy me so. Boy. So please your grace, the packet is not corne, Where that and other specialties are bound To-morrow you shall have a sight of them. ~~g. It shall suffice me at which interview, All liberal reason 1 will yield unto. Mean time, receive such welcome at my hand, As honour, without breach of honour, may Make tendcr of to thy true worthinefs You may not corne, fair princefs, in my gates But here without you shall be so receiv'd, As you shall deem yourself lodg'd in my heart, Though so denied fair harbour in my house. Your own good thoughts excuse me, and larewell To-morrow shall we visit you again. Prin. Sweet heaith and fair desires consort your grace! King. Thy own wish wish 1 thee in every place Exeunt j~m~ and his 7~ J3~. Lady, 1 will commend you to my own heart. .K~. Pray you, do my commendations 1 would be glad to see it. Bir. 1 would, you heard it groan. 7~. Is thé fool sick ? Bir. Sick at the heart. ~?M. Alack, let it blood. Bir. Would that do it good ? J?cj. My physic says, I. Bir. Will you prick't with your eye? jRo~. No, ~om~ with my knife. Bir. Now, God save thy life jRo~. And yours from long living j6zr. 1 cannot stay thanksgiving. ~~rmg'. Dum. Sir, 1 pray you, a word What lady is that same? Boy. Thé heir of Alençon, Rosaline her name. Dum. A gallant lady monsieur, fare you well. E~ Dumain. Long. 1 beseech you, a word What is she in the white ? Boy. A woman sometimes, an you saw her in the light. Long. Perchance, light in the light 1 desire her name. Boy. She hath but one for herself to desire that, were a shame. Long. Pray you, sir, whosedaughter? Boy. Her mother's, 1 have heard. Long. God's blefsing on your beard! Boy. Good sir, be not offended She is an heir of Faulconbridge. Long. Nay, my choler is ended. She is a most sweet lady. Boy. Not unlike, sir that may be. E~t~ Long. Bir. What's her name in the cap? Boy. Katharine, by good hap. Bir. Is she wedded, or no? Boy. To her will, sir, or so. ~z~. You are welcome, sir adieu Boy. Farewell to me, sir, and welcome to you. ~~ Biron. Ladies M~~M~. ~Xf. That last is Biron, the merry madcap lord Not a word with him but a jest. ~c~. And everyjest but a word. It was well done of you, to take him at his word. Boy. 1 was as willing to grapple, as he was to board. .f. Two hot sheeps, marry Boy. And wherefore not ships? No sheep, sweet lamb, unlefs we feed on your lips. ~ïr. You sheep, and 1 pasture Shall that finish thejest? Boy. So you grant pasture for me. to~'m~ ~o her. ~ïf. Not so~ gentle beast My lips are no common, though several they be. Boy. Belonging to whom ? Mar. To my fortunes and me. T~m. Good wits will be jangling but, gentles, agrée The civil war of wits were much better used On Navarre and his bookmen for here 'tis abused. Boy. If my observation, whichveryseldomlies, By the heart's still rhetoric, disclosed with eyes, Deceive me not now, Navarre is infected. Prin. Withwhat? Boy. With that which we lovers intitle, affected. Prin. Your reason ? Boy. Why, ail his behaviours did make their retire To the court of his eye, peeping thorough desire His heart, like an agate, with your print imprefsed, Proud with his form, in his eye pride exprelsed His tongue, ail impatient to speak and not see, Did stumble with haste in his eyesight to be AU senses to that sense did make their repair, To feel only looking on fairest of fair Methought, ail his senses were lock'd in his eye, As jewels in crystal for some prince to buy Who, tend'ring their own worth, from where they were glafs'd, Did point you to buy them, along as you pafs'd. His face's own margent did quote such amazes, That ail eyes saw his eyes enchantcd with gazes l'Il give you Aquitain, and ail that is his, An you give him for my sake but one loving kils. Prin. Corne, to our pavilion Boyet is dispos'd-~ But to speak that in words, which his eye hath disclos'd 1 only have made a mouth of his eye, By adding a tongue which 1 know will not lie. ~M. Thou art an old love-monger, and speak'st skilfully. He is Cupid's grandfather, and learns news ofhim. ~o~. Then was Venus like her mother for her father is but grim. Boy. Do you hear, my mad wenches? No. Boy. What then, do you see? ~M. Ay, our way to be gone. Boy. You are too hard for me. .E~M?~. ~tC~T 7 7 ~CjE ~E 7 ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. Enter Armado and Mc~A. Awz. Warble, child make pafsionate my sense of hearing. lJIlotlz. C~co~TZ~ ~?zg'?' x~. ~f~. Sweet air!-Go tendernefs of years take this key, give enlargement to the swain, bring him festinately hither 1 must employ him in a letter to my love. ~fo~A. Master, will you win your love with a French brawl? ~tf~. How mean'st thou? brawling in French? .Mo~A. No, my complete master but to j.ig off a tune at the tongue's end, canary to it with your feet, humour it with turning up your eyelids sigh a note, and sing a note sometime through thé throat, as if you swallowed love with singing love sometime through thé nose, as if you snuffed up love by smelling love with your hat penthouse-like, over the shop of your eyes with your arms crofsed on your thin belly-doublet, like a rabbit on a spit or your hands in your pocket, like a man after the old painting and keep not too long in one tune, but a snip and away Thèse are compléments, these are humours these betray nice wenches-that would be betrayed without thèse and make them men of note, do you note, men? that most are affected to these. How hast thou purchased this expérience ? J~c~A. By my penny of observation. ~r~. But 0,-but 0,--Mc~. -the hobby-horse is forgot. Arm. Call'st thou my love, hobby-horse? ~fc~. No, master, the hobby-horse is but a colt, and your love, perhaps, a hackney. But have you forgot your love? ~y~. Almost 1 had. ~f~. Negligent student! learn her by heart. Arrn. By heart, and in heart, boy. .Mc~. And out of heart, master ali those three 1 will prove. Arm. What wilt thou prove ? Mo A. A rnan, if 1 -live and this, by, in, and without, upon the instant By heart you love her, because your heart cannot corne by her in heart you love her, because your heart is in love with her and out of heart you love her, being out of heart that you cannot enjoy her. ~ywz. 1 am ail these three. -A. And three times as much more, and yet nothing at ail. j4~ Fetch hither the swain lie must carry me a letter. JMû~. A mefsage well sympathised a horse to be em-bafsador for an afs Arm. Ha, ha~ what sayest thou? ~fc~. Marry, sir, you must send the afs upon the horse, for he is very slow-gaited But 1 go. ~?z. The way is but short away. ~fc~. As swift as lead, sir. ~r~. Thy meaning, pretty ingenious ? Is not lead a metal, heavy, dull, and slow ? ~fm~~ honest master, or rather, master, no. ~f~. 1 say, lead is slow. Motlt. You are too swift, sir, to say so Is that lead slow which is Rr'd from a gun? ~r?M. Sweet smoke of rhetoric He r eputcs me a cannon and the bullet, that's he -1 shoot thec at the swain. Motlt. Thump then, and 1 flee. ~ ~r~. A most acute juvenal. voluble and free of grace By thy faveur, sweet welkin, 1 must sigh in thy face Most rude melancholy, valour gives thee place. My herald is return'd. Re-enter ~fo~ and Costard. ~o~A. A wonder, master here's a Costard broken in a shin. ~f~. Some enigma, some riddle come,-thy begin. Co~. No egma, no riddle, no ~ ~o~ no salve in thc mail, sir 0 sir, plantain, a plain plantain no l'envoy, no ~~c~ no alve, sir, but a plantain! ~7~. By virtue, thou enforcest laughter thy silly thought, my spleen the heaving of my lungs provokes me to ridiculous smiling 0, pardon me, my stars Doth the inconsiderate take salve for l'envoy, and the word l'envoy, for a salve ? Math. Do the wise think them other? is not l'envoy a salve? ~7~. No, page it is an epilogue or discourse, to make plain Some obscure precedence that hath tofore been sain. 1 will cxample it The fox, the ape, and the humble bee, Were still at odds, being but three. There's tlie moral Now thé ~m~. ~fc A. 1 will add thé l'envoy Say the moral again. ~7~. The fox, thé ape, and thé humble bec, Wcre still at odds, being but three j~fo~A. Until thc goose came out of door, And stay'd thé odds, by adding four. Now will 1 begin your moral, and do. you follow with my l'envoy. The fox, the ape, and thé humble bee, Were still at odds, being but three Arm. Until thé goose came out of door, Staying thé odds by adding four. ~fo~. A good ~?K~, ending in the goose Would you desire more ? Cc~. The boy hath sold him a bargain, a goose, that's s fiât -Sir, your penny-worth is good, an your goose be fat.-To sell a bargain well, is as cunning as fast and loose Let me sec a fat l'envoy ay, that's a fat goose. ~n?x. Corne hither, come hither how did this argument begin? ~fc~. By saying, that a Costard was broken in a shin. Then call'd you for the l'envoy. Cost. True, and 1 for a plantain Thus came your argu-ment in Then tlie boy's fat l'envoy, thé goose that you bought And he ended the market. ~7~. But tell me how was there a Costard broken in a shin ? Motlt. 1 will tell you scnsibly. Cosl. Thou hast no feeling of it, Molli 1 will speak that ~m~ I Costard, running out, that was safely within, Fell over the threshold, and broke my sl in. ~r~. We will talk no more of this rnatter. C'M~. Till tliere be more matter in the shin. Arnz. Sirrah Costard, 1 will enfranchise thee. C'M~. 0, marry me to one Frances -1 smell some ~o '~ some goose, in this. A' By my swect soul, 1 mean, setting thee at liberty, enfreedoming thy person thou wert immured, restrained, captivated, bound. Cost. True, true and now you will be my purgation, and let me loose. ~r~. î give thee thy liberty, set thee Irom durance and, in lieu thereof, impose on thee nothing but tl is Bcar this significant to thé country maidjaquenetta there is remune-ration giving him ~c~. for the best ward ofmine honour, is, rewarding my dépendants. Moth, follow. E~. ~fc~. Like the sequel, I.-Signior Costard, adieu. C~. My sweet ounce of man's flesh! myinconyjew'-~ J~ Now will 1 look to his remuneration. Rémunération! 0, that 's the Latin word for three farthings three larthings-remuneration. What's the ~nc~ of this ZM~~ ? a ~6~7~ -JV~ jf7~ ~OM remuneration why, it carries it.-Rémuné-ration!-why, it is a fairer name than French crown. 1 will never buy and sell out of this word. Enter Biron. j8~. 0, my good knave Costard! exceedingly well met. Co~ Pray you, sir, how much carnation ribbon may a man buy for a rémunération ? Bir. What is a remuneration Co~. Marry, sir, halfpenny iarthing. Bir. 0, why then, three-farthings-worth of silk. Cost. 1 thank your worship God be wi' you! Bir. 0, stay, slave 1 must employ thee As thou wilt win my favour, good my knave, Do one thing for me that I shall entreat. Cost. When would you have it done, sir ? Bir. 0, this afternoon. Cc~. Well, 1 will do it, sir Fare you well. Bir. 0, thou knowest not what it is. Cost. 1 shall know, sir, when 1 have done it. Bir. Why, villain, thou must know Ërst. Ccj~. 1 will corne to your worship to-morrow morning. ~r. It must be done tins afternoon. Hark, slave, it is but this The princefs cornes to hunt here in the park, And in her train there is a gentle lady When tongues speak sweetly, then they name her name, And Rosaline they call her ask for her And to her white hand see thou do commend This seal'd-up counsel. There's thy guerdon go. gives money. Cost. Guerdon,-O sweet guerdon! better than rému-ner ation eleven-pence farthing better Most sweet guerdon -1 will do it, sir, inprint.-Guerdon-rémunération. E~ Bir. O!-And I, forsooth, in love! I, that have been love's whip A very beadle to a humorous sigh A critic nay, a night-watch constable A domineering pedant o'er the boy Than whom no mortal so magnificent This wimpled, whining, purblind, wayward boy This senior-junior, giant-dwarf, Dan Cupid Regent of love-rhymes, lord of folded arms, Thé anointed sovereign of sighs and groans, Liège of all loiterers and malcontents, Dread prince of plackets, king of codpieces, Sole imperator, and great general Of trotting paritors,-O my little heart!-And 1 to be a corporal of his field, And wear his colours like a tumbler's hoop What ? 1 1 love 1 sue 1 seek a wife A woman that is like a German clock, Still a repairing ever out of frame And never going aright, being a watch, But being watch'd that it may still go right ? Nay, to be perjur'd which is worst of all And, among three, to love the worst of all A whitely wanton with a velvet brow, With two pitch balls stuck in her face for eyes Ay, and, by heaven, one that will do the deed, Though Argus were her eunuch and her guard And 1 to sigh for her to watch for her To pray for her Go to it is a plague That Cupid will impose for my neglect Ofhis almighty dreadful little might. Well, 1 will love, write, sigh, pray, sue, and groan Some men must love my lady, and somejoan. ~ ~cy j~r ~CEJV~ I ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. Enter the 7~ Rosaline, Maria, j~~f~ Boyet, Lords, Attendants, and a .Fcr~ Prin. Was that the king, that spurr'd his horse so hard Against the steep uprising of the hill ? jSc~. 1 know not but, 1 think, it was not he. ~r~. Whoe'er he was, he show'd a mounting mind. Well, lords, to-day we shall have our despatch On Saturday we will return to France. Then, forester, my friend, where is the bush, That we must stand and play the murderer in? For. Here by, upon thé edge of yonder coppice A stand, where you may make the fairest shoot. jPrm. 1 thank my beauty, 1 am fair that shoot, And thereupon thou speak'st, thé fairest shoot. For. Pardon me, madam, for 1 meant not so. Prin. What, what ? first praise me, and again say, no? 0 short-liv'd pride Not fair ? alack for woe For. Yes, madam, fair. Prin. Nay, never paint me now Where fair is not, praise cannot mend the brow. Here, good my glafs, take this for telling true giving ~CM~. Fair payment for foui words is more than due. For. Nothing but fair is that which you inherit. ~r~. See, see, my beauty will be sav'd by merit. 0 heresy in fair, fit for these days A giving hand, though foui, shaH have fair praise.-But corne, the bow -Now mercy goes to kill, And shooting well is then accounted ill. Thus will 1 save my credit in the shoot Not wounding, pity would not let me do't Ifwounding, then it was to show my skill, That more for praise, than purpose, meant to kill. And, out of question, so it is sometimes GIory grows guilty of detested crimes When, for fame's sakc, for praise, an outward part, We bend to that the working of the heart As I, for praise alone, now seek to spill The poor deer's blood, that my heart means no ill. Boy. Do not curst wives hold that self-sovereignty Only for praise' sake, when they strive to be Lords o'er their lords ? Prin. Only for praise and praise we may afford To any lady that subdues a lord. Enter Costard. Prin. Here cornes a member of the commonwealth.' Cost. God dig-you-den all Pray you, which is the head lady? jPf~. Thou shalt know her, fellow, by the rest that have no heads. Cost. Which is the greatest lady, thé highest ? ~r~. The thickest, and the tallest. Cost. The thickest and the tallest! it is so truth is truth. An your waist, mistrefs, were as slender as my wit, One of these maids' girdles for your waist should be fit. Are not you the chiefwoman? you are the thickest here. jPnM. What 's your will, sir? what's your will ? Co~. 1 have a letter from monsieur Biron, to one lady Rosaline. Prin. 0, thy letter, thy letter hc~s a good friend of mine Stand aside, good hearer.-Boyet, you can carve Break up this capon. j6 1 am bound to serve. This letter is mistook, it importeth none here It is writ to Jaquenetta. Prin. We will read it, 1 swear Break the neck of the wax, and every one give ear. 2~. reads. By heaven, that tltou art fair, is most true, that thou art beauteous ~M~ itself, that thou art .M~J~~r ~Z~ ~~M Z M~ tlcan beauteous, truer than itself, have cc~?m. heroical ~ ~ z~ 27~ magnanimous and most illustrate king Cc~ set eye upon the ~~y~ and indubitate beggar ~M~c~ and it ~ ~ miglit rightly say, veni, vidi, vici !MC~ ~z~-tomize in the vulgar, 0 base and obscure ~M~y videlicet, C~ saw, and O~TM~ ~6 came, one saw, two ~~f-came, tltree. Who came? the ~m~? w~' did he cc?~? to see P~ see 7 to overcome Te whom came A ?? the beggar What saw A~? the beggar Who overcame ~? beggar The conclusion is viclory On whose ~~? king's.' the captive is ~ftcA~ On wAo~ ~~? beggar's Z ~ ~6~~ is a TM~M~ On ~~0~ ~? the ~7~.?-C on ~ A one, or one in ~A. 7 am Am~ for so stands the cc~~M~ tltou the beggar for so !~?z~~A tlzy ~o~ nefs. command thy ? I love? I could ~7~r~? ~AoM exchange for f~ ? robes jppr ~? tilles For ~7 me. ~M~ ~~C~TÏg' f~ 7~~C X?Z~ on ~~CC~ my eyes on thy ~M~ and my heart on every ~~r~. Z~ the dearest design c ~~M. DON ADRIANO DE ARMADO. Thus dost thou hear the Nemean lion roar 'Gainst thee, thou lamb, that standest as his prey Submifsive fall his princely fëet before, And he from forage will incline to play But if thou strive, poor soul, what art thou then Food for his rage, repasture for his den. Prin. What plume of feathers is he, that indited this letter? What vane ? what weather-cock? Did you everhear better ? Boy. 1 am much deceived, but 1 remember the style. ~r~. EIse your memory is bad, going o'er it erewhile. Boy. This Armado is a Spaniard, that keeps here in court A phantasm, a Monarcho and one that makes sport To the prince, and his book-mates. Prin. Thou, fellow, a word Who gave thee this letter? C ?~. 1 told y ou my lord. 7~ To whorn shouldst thou give it ? Cost. From my lord to my lady. Prin. From which lord, to which lady ? Cc~. From my lord Biron, a good master of mine, To a lady of France, that he call'd Rosaline. ~W~. Thou hast mistaken his letter. Come, lords, away. Here, sweet, put up this 'twill be thine another day. r~~MTZ~ ~rmc~ and Zf~. Boy. Who is the suitor? who is the suitor? jRo.y. Shall 1 teach you to know? Boy. Ay, my continent ofbeauty. J?o~. Why, she that bears the bow. Finely put off! Boy. My lady goes to kill horns but, if thou marry, Hang me by the neck, if horns that year miscarry. Finely put on jRcj. Well then, 1 am the shooter. Boy. And who is your deer? ~M. Ifwe choose bythe horns, yourself corne not near. Finely put on, indeed Mar. You still wrangle with her, Boyet, and shc strikes at the brow. Boy. But she herself is hit lower Have 1 hit her now? .R~y. Shall 1 corne upon thee with an old saying, that was a man when king Pepin of France was a little boy, as touching the hit it ? Boy. So 1 may answer thee with one as old, that was a woman when queen Guinever ofBntain was a little wench, as touching the hit it. Thou canst not A~ it, hit it, hit it, Thou canst not hit good man. Boy. An 1 cannot, cannot, cannot, An 7c~M~ another can. fE~M~~ J~ and ICat. Cc~. By my troth, most pleasant! how both did fit it! -r. A mark marvellous well shot for they both did hit it. Boy. A mark! 0, mark but that mark A mark, says my lady! Let the mark have a prick in't, to mete at, if it may he. Mar. Wide o' the bow hand l'faith, your hand is out. 7~. Indeed, a' must shoot nearer, or he'll ne'er hit the clout. Boy. An if my hand he out, then, belike your hand is in. Cost. Then will she get the upshot by cleaving the pin. ~xr. Corne, corne, you talk greasily, your lips grow foui. Cost. She's too hard for you at pricks, sir challenge her to bowl. Boy. 1 fear too much rubbing Good night, my good owl. jE'~M7Z~ Boyet and Maria. Cost. By my soul, a swain a most simple clown Lord, lord how the ladies and t have put him down 0' m.y troth, most sweet jests most incony vulgar wit When it comes so smoothly off, so obscenely, as it were, so fit. Armatho o' the one side,-0, a most dainty man To see him walk before a lady, and to bear her fan To see him kifs his hand! and how most sweetly a' will swear And his page o' t' other side, that handful of wit Ah heavens, it is a most pathetical nit f~oM~g' within. Sola, sola E~~ Costard, running. yc~~j? zr THE SAME. Enter Holofernes, Sir JV x~ and D~ JV Very reverent sport, truly and done in the testi-mony of a good conscience. jHM. Thé deer was, as you know, in ~M~M~-blood ripe as a pomewater, who now hangeth like a jewel in the car of c~c,-thé sky, thé welkin, the heaven and anon falleth like a crab, on thé face of ~r~-thé soil, the land, thé earth. Nath. Truly, master Holofernes, tlie epithets are sweetly varied, like a scholar at the least But, sir, 1 afsurc ye, it was a buck of the first head. ~ ? . Sir Nathaniel, ~M~ credo. D~M. 'Twas not a A~M~ credo, 'twas a pricket. ~c~. Most barbarous intimation yet a kind of insinua-tion, as it were, in via, in way, of explication facere, as it were, replication or, rather, ostentare, to show, as it were, his inclination,-after his undrefsed, unpolished, unedu-cated, unpruned, untrained, or rather uniettered, or, ra-therest, unconnrmed fashion,-to insert again my A~M~ credo for a deer. D~. 1 said, the deer was not a haud credo 'twas a pricket. Twice sod simplicity, bis c~ 0 thou monster ignorance, how deformed dost thou look JV x~. Sir, he hath never fed of the dainties that are bred in a book he hath not eat paper, as it were he hath not drunk ink his intellect is not replenished he is only an animal, only sensible in the duller parts And such barren plants are set before us, that wc thankful should be Which we of taste and feeling arc, for those parts that do fructiiy in us more than he. For as it would ill become me to be vain, indiscreet, or a fool. So, were there a patch set on learning, to see him in a school But omne bene, say I being of an old ~ather's mind, can ~fcc~ the weather, love not ~m~. D~. You two are book-men Can you tell by your wi t, What was a month old at Cain's birth, that's not five wceks old as yet? ~?~. Dictynna, good man Dull Dictynna, good man Dull. D~M. What is Dictynna ? A title to Phoebe, to Luna, to the moon. ~ ? . The moon was a month old, when Adam was no more And raught not to five weeks, wlien he came to five score. The allusion holds in the exchange. Dull. 'Tis true, indeed the collusion holds in the ex-change. ~Fc~. God comfort thy capacity 1 say, the allusion holds in the exchange. Dull. And 1 say, the pollusion holds in the exchange for the moon is never but a month old and 1 say beside, that 'twas a pricket that the princefs killed. N~. Sir Nathaniel, will you hear an extemporal epitaph on the death of the deer? and, to humour the ignorant, 1 have called the deer the princefs killed, a pricket. JV~ A. ~r~ guod master Holofernes, so it shall please you to abrogate scurrility. ~o~. 1 will something affect the letter for it argues fa-cility. 7?~ ~r~M~M~ ~ymc~ ~~rc~ and ~~c~~ pretty ~m~ ~Wc~ Some say, a sore but not a sore, till ~c~ made sore z~ sliooling. 7~ ? dogs did yell ~M~ sore, ~C~~ ~'M~C~ ~C~ Or ~nc~~ sore, or else sorel the ~~o~ ~m~. ~f~c~ sore, then L sore TM~~j~~ sores 0 sore -L Of one sore I an tundred make, by adding but one more L. ~x~. A rare talent DM~. If a talent be a claw, look how he claws him with a talent. .H This is a gift that 1 have, simple, simple a fbolish extravagant spirit, full of forms, figures, shapes, objects, ideas, appréhensions, motions, revolutions these are begot in the ventricle of memory, nourished in thé womb of j~~ 7~ ?y, and delivered upon thé mellowing of occasion but thé gift is good in those in whom it is acute, and 1 am thank-fui for it. JV~A. Sir, 1 praise the Lord for you and so may my parishioners for their sons are well tutor'd by you, and their daughters profit very greatly under you you are a good member of the commonwealth. ~c~. J~~fc~, if their sons be ingenious, they shall want no instruction if their daughters be capable, 1 will put it to them But, J~~ qui ~M~ loquitur a soul feminine saluteth us. .Ey~ and Costard. y~. God give you good morrow, master person. Master person,-quasi pers-on. And if one should be pierced, which is the one ? Cost. Marry, master schoolmaster, he that is likest to a hogshead. 7 Of piercing a hogshead a good lustre of conceit in a turf of earth iire enough for a flint, pearl enough for a swine 'tis pretty it is well. Jaq. Good master parson, be so good as read me this letter it was given me by Costard, and sent me from Don Armatho 1 beseech you, read it. ~ 3~m~ precor quando pecus omne sub umbrâ J?M~and so forth. Ah, good old Mantuan! 1 may speak of thee as the traveller doth ofVenice -FzM ?~~ Vinegia, C~ ?z~ vede, ei non te pregia. Old Mantuan old Mantuan Who understandeth thee not, loves thee not.-6~ ~Under pardon, sir, what are the contents ? or, rather, as Horace says in his-What, my soul, verses ? JV ~A. Ay, sir, and very learned. ~o~. Let me hear a staff, a stanza, a verse -L~ domine. JV x~. If love make me forsworn, how shall 1 swear to love? Ah, never faith could hold, if not to beauty vowed! Though to myself forsworn, to thee l'Il faithful prove Those thoughts to mewere oaks, to thee like osiers bowed. Study his bias leaves, and makes his book thine eyes Where ail those pleasures live, that art would comprehend If knowledge be the mark, to know thee shall suffice Well learned is that tongue, that well can thee commend Ail ignorant that soul, tliat sees thee without wonder Which is to me some praise, that 1 thy parts admire Thy eye Jove's lightning bears, thy voice his dreadful thunder, Which, not to anger bent, is music, and sweet fire. Celestial as thou art, oh pardon, love, this wrong, That sings heaven's praise with such an earthly tongue! .HM. You find not the apostrophes, and so mifs the ac-cent let me supervise the canzonet. Here are only numbers ratified but, for the elegancy, facility, and golden cadence of poesy, caret. Ovidius Naso was the man and why, in-deed, Naso but for smelling out the odoriferous flowers of fancy, thejerks of invention? Imitari, is nothing so doth the hound his master, the ape his keeper, the tired horse his rider. But, damosella virgin, was this directed to you ? ~y. Ay, sir, from one monsieur Biron, one of the strange queen's lords. .HM. Iwlll overglance the superscript. Te ~~zû~x'~ hand of the most beauteous lady Rosaline. 1 will look again on the intellect of the letter, for the nomination of thé party writing to the person written unto ~Mr ladyship's in X~ desired ~?M~~ BiRON. SirNathanIeI, this Biron is one of the votaries with the king and here he hath framed a letter to a sequent of the stranger queen's, which, accidentally, or by the way ofprogrefslon, hath miscarried.-Trip and go, my sweet deliver this paper into the royal handoftheking it may concern much Stay not thy compliment 1 forgive thy duty adieu. 7~. Good Costard, go with me.-Sir, God save your life Cost. Hâve with thee, my girl. ~C~. ~y. ~x~. Sir, you have donc this in the fear of God, very rellglousiy and, as a certain father saith-.H Sir, tell not me of the father, 1 do fear colourable colours. But, to return to the verses Did they please you, Sir Nathaniel ? JV x~. Marvellous well for the pen. 1 do dine to-day at the father's of a certain pupil of mine where if, before repast, it shall. please you to gratify the table with a grace, 1 will, on my privilege 1 have with the parents of the foresaid child or pupil, undertake your ben ~yM~c where 1 will prove those verses to be very un-learned, neither savouring of poetry, wit, nor invention 1 beseech your society. J M. And thank you too for society ~saith the text is the happinefs of life. jH~. And, certes, thé text most infallibly concludes it. -Sir, ~OjDM~. 1 do invite you too you shall not say me, nay pauca verba. Away the gentles are at their game, and we will to our récréation. fE~M~ ~EJV.E Z77 ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. Enter ~~CM~ with a ~y. .8~. The king he is hunting thé deer 1 am coursing myself they have pitch'd a toil 1 am toiling in a pitch pitch, that dénies defile a foui word. Well, Set thee down, sorrow for so, they say, the fool said, and so say I, and 1 the fool. Well proved, wit! By the lord, this love is as mad as Ajax it kills sheep it kills me, 1 a sheep Well proved again on my side 1 will not love if 1 do, hang me i'fa.ith, 1 will not. 0, but her eye,-by this light, but for her eye, 1 would not love her yes, for her two eyes. Well, 1 do nothing in the world but lie, and lie in my throat. By heaven, 1 do love and it hath taught me to rhyme, and to be melancholy and hère is part of my rhyme, and hère my melancholy. Well, she hath one o' my sonnets already the clown bore it, the fool sent it, and the lady hath it sweet clown, sweeter fool, sweetest lady! By the world, I would not care a pin, if the other three were In Here cornes one with a paper God give him grace to groan g-~ ~7' Enter the King, !A ~~r. King. Ah me! ~y. ~ Shot, by heaven !-Proceed, sweet Cupid thou hast thump'd him with thy bird-bolt under the left pap -Ffaith secrets.-King. reads. sweet a kifs the golden sun gives not ~c thosefresh morning ~f~ upon the rose, As thy eye-beams, zvhen ~A ~'j have smote The ?M~ of that on my cheeks ~p~~j~c~ Nor shines the silver moon one ~y~ bright y~~c~~ the transparent bosom of the As doth ~~X~ ~CM~A tears C~ light T~CM ~m~~ in every tear that 7 do z~~ JVc drop but as a cc~cA dotlc carry thee, t 0 ridest thou ~~M~~m~ my ~C~ Do but ~~cM tears swell And they thy glory ~f~A show But do not love ~y~ there thou wilt keep ~ ' tears for glafses, and still y ~ ? me C queen of queens, ~C! dost thou ~C~ JV 9 thought think, nor ~g'~ of mortal tell. How shall she know my griefs? rJI drop the paper Sweet leaves, shade folly. Who is he comes hère ? ~~ aside. Enter Longaville, What, Longaville and reading! listen, ear. Now, in thy likenefs, one more fool, appear! ~ Long. Ah me 1 am forsworn. Why, lie cornes in like a perjure, wearing papers. J~M~. J~m~. In love, 1 hope sweet fellowship in shame! ~ Bir. Onedrunkard loves another of the name. ~ Long. Am 1 the first that have been peijur'd so? ~ j6~. 1 could put thee in comfort not by two, that 1 know ~M~. Thou mak'st the triumviry, thé corner-cap of society, The shape of' love's Tyburn that hangs up simplicity. Zc?z~. 1 fear, these stubborn lines lack power to move 0 sweet Maria, emprefs of my love These numbers will 1 tear, and write in prose. Bir. 0, rhymes are guards on wanton Cupid's hose Disfigure not his slop. Long. This same shall go. Did the lzeavenly y c c~ thine eye reads. 'G ï~ Z ~C7?Z the world cannot hold argument, jP~M~ f~ ~M~nMr '? Fo~~o~ thee broke, deserve ?zc~ ~ym7~ A ~o~ 7~n'~c~ but, 7 will ~rc!7~ y~OM being a goddefs, 7yc~z or~ not ~ ?c.' ~f ' ~0~ Z~~ earthly, thou a heavenly love y~ grace being ~mW~ cures 7~ F PW~ are but breatlt, and vapour is 7~~ ~cM~~m' wlticlt on ~~A dost sltine, Exhal'st this ~c~r ~cz~ in is .y~'ûain transform'd four woodcocks in a dish! .Dz~M. 0 most divine Kate! Bir. 0 most profane coxcomb! ~ Dum. By heaven, the wonder of a mortal eye j8~. By earth she is but corporal there you lie. ~ Dum. Her amber hairs for foui have amber quoted. Bir. An amber-colour'd raven was well noted. ~y~. Dum. As upright as the cedar. .6~. Stoop, 1 say Her shoulder is with child. ~ Dum. As fair as day. Bir. Ay, as some days but then no sun must shine. f~ Dum. 0 that 1 had my wish Long. And 1 had mine Aside. King. And 1 mine too, good Lord f~ Bir. Amen, so 1 had mine is not that a good word? J~ Dum. 1 would forget her but a fever she Reigns in my blood, and will remember'd be. Bir. A fever in your blood why, then incision Would let her out in sawcers Sweet misprision ~ DM?M. Once more l'Il read the ode that 1 have writ. Once more l'Il mark how love can vary wit. ~M~. Dum. On a day, x~~ the day Love, T~A~~ month is ever ~ ~? S~ blofsom, ~~m~~z~ the ~M~ air Z~roM~A the velvet leaves the zvind, ~M M~ ~?t ~J~M~ That ~~r~ ~~c~ ~~A, P~ the heaven's breatlt. Air, quoth he, thy cheeks may Mcï~ Air, would 7?m~ ~M~A But alack, my hand is sworn, JV~~r ~~Mc~ ~c~ thorn FOW? ~C~jfo~OM~ M~TM~~ ~CM~ so apt C ~~MC~ sweet. Do not ~M sin in me, 7?~~ 7~c~wor?z~cr thee Thou for z~~ ~~y~~ swear, y~~c but an jE' were And ~ ?r y~~ y~~m~ Tyzcr~~or This will 1 send, and something else more plain, That shall exprefs my true love's fasting pain. 0, would the king, Biron, and Longaville, Were lovers too Ill, to example ill, 0 Would from my forehead wipe a perjur'd note For none offend, where ail alike do dote. Long. Dumain, ~cm~. thy love is far from charity, That in love's grief desir'st society You may look pale, but 1 should blush, 1 know, To be o'er-heard, and taken napping so. King. Come, sir, cmg. you blush as his, your case is such You chide at him, offending twice as much You do not love Maria Longaville Did never sonnet for her sake compile Nor never lay his wreathed arms athwart His loving bosom, to keep down his heart. 1 have been closely shrowded in this bush, And mark'd you both, and for you both did blush. 1 heard your guilty rhymes, observ'd your fashion Saw sighs reek from you, noted well your pafsion Ah me says one 0 Jove the other cries One, her hairs were gold, crystal the other's eyes You would for paradise break faith and troth ~ Long. And Jove, for your love, would infringe an oath. ~ Dumain. What will Biron say,'when that he shall hear A faith infring'd, which such a zeal did swear? How will he scorn? how will he spend his wit? How will he triumph, leap, and laugh at it ? For ail the wealth that ever 1 did see, would not have him know so much by me. Bir. Now step 1 forth to whip hypocrisy.- descends. Ah, good my liege, 1 pray thee, pardon me Good heart, what grace hast thou, thus to reprove These worms for loving, that art most in love ? Your eyes do make no coaches in your tears There is no certain princefs that appears You'Il not be perjur'd, 'tis a hateful thing Tush, none but minstrels like of sonneting. But are you not asham~d? nay, are you not, Ail three of you, to be thus much o'er-shot? You found his mote the king your mote did see But 1 a beam do find in each of three. 0, what a scene of foolery have 1 seen, Of sighs, of groans, of sorrow, and of teen 0 me, with what strict patience have 1 sat, To see a king transformed to a gnat To see great Hercules whipping a gig, And profound Solomon to tune a jig, And Nestor play at push-pin with the boys, And critic Timon laugh at idle toys Where lies thy grief, 0 tell me, good Dumain ? And, gentle Longaville, where lies thy pain? And where my liege's? ail about the breast -A caudle, ho T~g'. Too bitter is thy jest. Are we betray'd thus to thy over-view? Bir. Not you by me, but 1 betray'd to you 1 that am honest I, that hold it sin To break thé vow 1 am engaged in 1 am betray'd, by keeping company With moon-like men, of strange inconstancy. When shall you see me write a thing in rhyme ? Or groan for Jean? or spend a minute's time In pruning me ? When shall you hear that 1 Will praise a hand, a foot, a face, an eye, A gait, a state, a brow, a breast, a waist, A leg, a limb?-7~ Soft Whither away so fast? A true man, or a thief, that gallops so? J~r. 1 post from love good lover, let me go. Enter ~~M~M~ and Costard. ~ y. God biefs the king j~ What present hast thou there? Cost. Some certain treason. King. What makes treason here? Cost. Nay, it makes nothing, sir. ~M~. If it mar nothing neither, The treason, and you, go in peace away together. 7~. 1 beseech your grace, let this letter be read Our parson misdoubts it 'twas treason he said. King. Biron, read it over. giving him the letter. Where hadst thou it? 7~. OfCostard. J~ Where hadst thou it ? C~. Of Dun Adramadio, Dun Adramadio. King. How now what is in you ? why dost thou tear it ? Bir. A toy, my liege, a toy your grace needs not fear it. Long. It did move him to pafsion, and therefore let's hear it. ~M~. It is Biron's writing, and here is his name, ~c~y Pieces. Bir. Ah, you whoreson loggerhead, ~ Cc~. you were born to do me shame. Guilty, my lord, guilty 1 confefs, 1 confefs. King. What? Bir. That you three fools lack'd me fool to make up the mefs He, he, and you, and you, my liege, and I, Are pickpurses in love, and we deserve to die. 0, dismils this audience, and 1 shall tell you more. DM?~. Now the number is even. .S~. True, true we are four -Will these turtles be gone ? Hence, sirs away. Cost. Walk aside the true folk, and let the traitors stay. J~m~ Costard ~?ï~~yM~ ~r. Sweet lords, sweet lovers, 0 let us embrace! As true we are, as flesh and blood can be The sea will ebb and flow, heaven show his face Young blood doth not obey an old decree We cannot crofs the cause why we were born Therefore, of ail hands must we be forsworn. King. What, did these rent lines show some love of thine? .6~. Did they,quoth you? Who sees thé heavenlyRosaline~ That, like a rude and savage man of Inde, At the first opening of the gorgeous east, Bows not his vafsal head and, strucken blind, Kilses the base ground with obedient breast? What peremptory eagle-sighted eye Dares look upon the heaven ofherbrow, That is not blinded by her majesty ? Ifing. What zeal, what fury hath inspir'd thee now? My love, her mistrefs, is a gracious moon She, an attending star, scarce seen a light. j8~. My eyes are then no eyes, nor I Biron 0, but for my love, day would turn to night Of ail complexions the cull'd sovereignty Do meet, as at a fair, in her fair cheek Where several worthies make one dignity Where nothing wants, that want itselfdoth seek. Lend me thé flourish of all gentle tongues,-Fye, painted rhetoric 0, she needs it not To things of sale a seller's praise belongs She passes praise then praise too short doth bJot. A wither'd hermit, nve-score winters worn, MIght shake off nfty, looking in her eye Beauty doth varnish age, as ifncw born, And gives the crutch thé cradie's infancy. 0 'tis the sun that maketh ail things shine! By heaven thy love is black as ebony. 2~. Is ebony like her ? 0 wood divine A wife of such wood were felicity 0, who can give an oath ? where is a book ? That 1 may swear, bcauty doth beauty lack, If that she learn not of her eye to look No face is fair, that is not full so black. J~m~. 0 paradox Black is thé badge of hell, The hue of dungeons, and the scowl of night And beauty's crest becomes the heavens well. Bir. Devils soonest tempt, resembling spirits of light. 0, if in black my lady's brows be deckt, It mourns, that painting, and usurping hair, Should ravish doters with a false aspect And therefore is she born to make black fair. Her favour turns the fashion of thé days For native blood is counted painting now And therefore red that would avoid dispraise, Paints itself black, to imitate her brow. Dum. To look like her, are chimney-sweepers black. Long. And, since her time, are colliers counted bright. ~~ïg'. And Ethiops of their sweet complexion crack. Dum. Dark needs no candles now, for dark is light. Bir. Your mistrefses dare never come in rain, For fear their colours should be wash'd away. J~z~. 'Twere good, yours did for, sir, to tell you plain, ni find a fairer face not wash'd to-day. Bir. 1~11 prove her fair, or talk till doomsday here. j~ No devil will fright thee then so much as she. Dum. 1 never knew man hold vile stuif so dear. Long. Look, here's thy love my foot and her face see. r~o~~ ~p~. J5~. 0, if the streets were paved with thine eyes, Her feet were much too dainty for sucli tread Dum. 0 vile then as she goes, what upward lies The street should see as she walk'd over head. King. But what of this ? Are we not ail in love ? Bir. 0 nothing so sure and thereby ail forsworn. ~mg'. Then leave this chat and, good Biron, now prove Our loving lawful, and our faith not torn. jD~ Ay, marry, there some flattery for this evil. Long. 0 some authority how to proceed Some tricks, some quillets, how to cheat the devil. Dum. Some salve for perjury. ~r. 0, 'tis more than need!-Have at you then, affection's men at arms Consider, what you first did swear unto To fast,-to study,-and to see no woman Flat treason 'gainst the kingly state of youth. Say, can you fast ? your stomachs are too young And abstinence engenders maladies. And where that you have vow'd to study, lords, In that each of you hath forsworn his book Can you still dream, and pore, and thereon look ? For when would you, my lord, or you, or you, Have found the ground of study's excellence, Without the beauty of a woman's face? From women's eyes this doctrine 1 dérive They are the ground, the books, the academes, From whence doth spring the true Promethean fire. Why, universal plodding prisons up The nimble spirits in the arteries As motion, and long-during action, tires The sinewy vigour of the traveller. Now, for not looking on a woman's face, You have in that forsworn the use of eyes And study too thé causer of your vow For where is any author in the world, Teaches such beauty as a woman's eye ? Learning is but an adjunct to ourself, And where we are, our learning likewise is. Then, when ourselves we see in ladies' eyes, Do we not likewise see our learning there ? 0, we have made a vow to study, lords And in that vow we have forsworn our books For when would you, my liege, or you, or you, In leaden contemplation, have fbund out Such fiery numbers, as tlie prompting eyes Ofbeauteous tutors have enrich.' d you with? Other slow arts entirely keep the brain And therefore finding barren practisers, Scarce show a harvest of their heavy toil But love, first learned in a lady's eyes, Lives not alone immured in the brain But witli thé motion of all elements, Courses as swift as thought in every power And gives to every power a double power, Above their functions and their onices It adds a precious seeing to the eye A lover's eyes will gaze an eagle blind A lover's ear will hear the lowest sound, When the suspicious head of theft is stopp'd Love's feeling is more soft, and sensible, Than are the tender horns of cockled snails Love's tongue proves dainty Bacchus grols in taste For valour, is not love a Hercules, Still climbing trees in the Hesperides ? Subtle as sphinx as sweet, and musical, As bright Apollo's lute, strung with his hair And, when love speaks, the voice of all the gods Makes heaven drowsy with the harmony. Never durst poet touch a pen to write, Until his ink were temper'd with love's sighs 0 then his lines would ravish savage ears, And plant in tyrants mild humility. From women's eyes this doctrine 1 dérive They sparkie still the right Promethean fire They are the books, the arts, the academes, That show, contain, and nourisli ail thé world EIse, none at ail in aught proves excellent Then fools you were, thcse women to forswear Or, keeping what is sworn, you will prove fools. For wisdom's sake, a word that ail men love Or for love's saké, a word that loves ail men Or for men's sake, the authors of these women Or women's sake, by whom we men are men Let us once lose our oaths, to find ourselves, Or else we lose ourselves to keep our oaths It is religion, to be thus forsworn For charity itself fulfils the law And who can sever love from charity? ICing. Saint Cupid, then and, soldiers, to the field Bir. Advance your standards, and upon them, lords Pell-mell, down with them! but be first advis'd, In conflict that you get the sun of them. Long. Now to plain-dealing lay these glozes by Shall we résolve to woo these girls of France ? J~ And win them too therefore let us devise Some entertainment for them in their tents. 2~. First, from the park let us conduct them thither Then, homeward, every man attach the hand Of his fair mistrefs in the afternoon We will with some strange pastime solace them, Such as the shortnefs of the time can shape For revels, dances, masks, and merry hours, Fore-run fair Love, strewing her way with flowers. King. Away, away no time shall be omitted, That will be time, and may by us be fitted. ~r. ~c?z~ ~Sow'd cockle reap' d no corn And justice always whiris in equal measure Light wenches may prove plagues to men forsworn If so, our copper buys no better treasure. ~M~ ~cy F ~c~F I ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. Enter .Z~c ~7~ Sir ~~ 2?z~~ and DM~. ~M. Satis quod ~M~C~. JV~ 1 praise God for you, sir your reasons at dinner have been sharp and sententious pleasant without scurri-lity, witty without affection, audacious without impuden-cy, learned without opinion, and strange without heresy. 1 did converse this quondam day with a companion of the Idng~s, who is intituled, nominated, or called, Don Adriano de Armado. ~FcL ~Vc~ ~OTM~ ~Myz~~ His humour is lofty, his discourse peremptory, his tongue filed, his eye ambitious, his gait majestical, and his general behaviour vain, ridi-culous, and thrasonical. He is too picked, too spruce, too affected, too odd, as it were, too peregrinate, as 1 may call it. JV x~. A most singular and choice epithet. ~~ out Ais ~M~-~c~. He draweth out thé thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument. 1 abhor such fanatical phantasms, such insociable and point-devise companions such rackers of orthography, as to speak, dout, fine, when he should say, doubt det, when he should pronounce, debt d, e, b, t not , d,e,t he clepeth a calf, cauf half, hauf neighbour, ~cc~ nebour neigh, abbreviated, ne This is abhominable, fwhich he would call abominable, it insi-nuateth me of insanie Ne ~o~~? to make Nantie, lunatic. J~A. Z~~ ~c~ ~~M~o. ~M. ~?- for jPn~~ a lltde scratch'd 'twill serve. Enter Armado, Moth, and Costard. .L Videsne quis ~~m ? Fx'~ et gaudeo. Arm. Chirra! ~~o~. ~o~. ~M~~ Chirra, not sirrah ? Arm. Men of peace, well encounter' d. ~o~. Most military sir, salutation. Moth. They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps. to Costard aside. Cost. 0, they have lived long on the alms-basket of words 1 marvel, thy master hath not eaten thee for a word for thou art not so long by the head as ~cn M~?M~M~ thou art easier swallow'd than a flap-dragoii. ~fc~. Peace the peal begins. Arm. Monsieur, ~oj~ are you not letter'd? ~fc~. Yes, yes he teaches boys the horn-book -What is a, b, spelt backward with a horn on his head ? .HM. Ba, ~x~W~~ with a horn added. ~o~A. Ba, most silly sheep, with a horn -You hear his learning. jHc~. P~ quis, thou consonant ? .A. The third of the five vowels, if you repeat them orthenfth.ifl. jHc . 1 will repeat them a e, i,-TMc~A. The sheep the other two concludes it o, u. ~f~. Now, by the salt wave of the Mediterraneum, a sweet touch, a quick venew of wit snip, snap, quick and home it rejoiceth my intellect true wit. Moth. Offer'd by a child to an old man which is wit-old. Hol. What is the figure? what is the figure? Moth. Horns. Hol. Thou disputest like an infant go, whip thy gig. Moth. Lend me your horn to make one, and 1 will whip about your infamy ~CM~ A gig of a cuckold's liorn Cost. An 1 had but one penny in the world, thou should'st have it to buy ginger-bread hold, there is the very remu-neration 1 had of thy master, thou halfpenny purse of wit, thou pigeon-egg of discretion. 0, an the heavens were so pleased, that thou wert but my bastard what a joyfui father would'st thou make me! Go to thou hast it ad dunghill, at the fingers' ends, as they say. .?? . 0, 1 smell false Latin dunghill for unguem. ~r~. Arts-man, ~r~~M~ we will be singled from thé barbarous. Do you not educate youth at the charge-house on the top of the mountain ? ~c~. Or, mons, the hill. Arm. At your sweet pleasure, for the mountain. .H 1 do, sans question. ~wx. Sir, it is thé king's most sweet pleasure and affec-tion, to congratulate the princefs at her pavilion, in the posteriors of this day which the rude multitude call, the afternoon. ~c~. The posterior of the day, most generous sir, is liable, congruent, and measurable for thé afternoon the word is well cull'd, chose sweet and apt, 1 do assure you, sir, 1 do aisure. Arm. Sir, the king is a noble gentleman and my fami-liar, 1 do afsure you, very good Mend -For what is in-ward between us, let it pals -1 do beseech tlice, remember thy courtesy -1 beseech thce, apparel thy head -and among other importunate and most serious designs,-and of great import indeed, too -but let that pa~s for 1 must tell thee, it will please his grace by thé world somctime to lean upon my poor shoulder and with his royal finger, thus, dally with my excrement, with my mustachio but sweet heart, let tliat pafs. By the world, 1 recount no fable some certain special honours it pleaseth his greatnefs to im-part to Armado, a soldier, a man of travel, that hath seen the world but let that pafs.-The very all of all is,-but, sweet heart, 1 do implore secrecy,-that thé king would have me present the princefs, sweet chuck, with somc de-lightful ostentation, or show, or pageant, or antic, or nre-work. Now, understanding that the curate, and your sweet self, are good at such eruptions, and sudden breaking out of mirth, as it were, 1 have acquainted you withal, to thé end to crave your assistance. J7~. Sir, you shall present before her thé nine worthies. -Sir Nathaniel, as concerning some entertainment of time, some show in the posterior of this day, to be rendered by our alsistance,-thé king's command, and this most gallant, illustrate, and learned gentleman, -before the princefs 1 say, none so fit as to present the ninc worthies. JV~ Where will you find men worthy enough to pré-sent them? Joshua, yourself myself, or this gallant gentleman, Judas Maccabaeus this swain, because of his gréât limb or joint, shall pafs Pompey the great the page, Hercules. ~wx. Pardon, sir, error he is not quantity enough for that worthy's thumb he is not so big as the end ofhis club. Hol. Shall 1 have audience ? he shall present Hercules in minority his enter and exit shall be strangling a snake and 1 will have an apology for that purpose. JMc~. An excellent device so, if any of thé audience hi fs, you may cry ~ Hercules! now ~CM c~ snake! that is the way to make an offence gracious though few have the grace to do it. Arm. For the rest of the worthies ?-TFc~. 1 will play three myself. ~fc~. Thrice-worthy gentleman! Arm. Shall 1 tell you a thing ? J~. We attend. ~yyx. We will have, if this fadge not, an antic. 1 be-seech you, follow. Hol. Fia, goodman Dull thou hast spoken no word all this while. Dull. Nor understood none neither, sir. ~ 3~. we will employ thee. D~. l'il make one in a dance or so or 1 will play on the tabor to the worthies, and Jet them dance the hay. ~c~. Most dull, honest Dull, to our sport, away. ~~M~. ~c~ ~E ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. BEFORE THE PRINCESSES PAVILION. Enter the Princes, ~~r~ Rosaline, and Maria. Pym. Sweet hearts, we shall be rich ere we depart, If fairings corne thus plentifully in A lady wall'd about with diamonds Look you, what I have from the loving king. JPcj. Madam, came nothing else along with that ? ~r~. Nothing but this? yes, as much love in rhyme, As would be cramm'd up in a sheet of paper, Writ on both sides the leaf, margent and all That he was fain to seal on Cupid's name. T~y. That was the way to make his godhead wax For he hath been five thousand years a boy. 7~ ï. Ay, and a shrewd unhappy gallows too. J?~. You'Il ne'er be friends with him he klll'd your sister. He made her melancholy, sad, and heavy And so she died had she been light, like you, Of such a merry, nimble, stirring spirit, She might have been a grandam ere she died And so may you for a light heart lives long. ~?~. What~s your dark meaning, mouse, of this light word? A light condition in a beauty dark. jKo~. We need more light to find your meaning out. You'Il mar the light, by taking it in snufF Therefore, I'll darkly end the argument. jRcj. Look, what you do, you do It still i' thé dark. j~ So do not you for you are a light wench. T~M. Indeed, 1 weigh not you and therefore light. You weigh me not,- 0, that's you care not for me. ~o~. Great reason for, Past cure is still past care. Prin. Well bandied both a set of wit well play'd. But Rosaline, you have a favour too Who sent it? and what is It ? ~cj. 1 would, youknew An if my face were but as fair as yours, My favour were as great be witnefs this. Nay, 1 have verses too, 1 thank Biron Thé numbers true and, were the numb'ring too, 1 were the fairest goddefs on the ground 1 am compar'd to twenty thousand fairs. 0, he hath drawn my picture in his letter 7~ Anythinglike? ~M. Much, in thé letters nothing, in the praise. Beauteous as ink a good conclusion. ~~A. Fair as a text B in a copy-book. ~?M. 'Ware pendis How? let me not die your debtor, My red dominical, my golden letter 0, that your face were not so full of O's 1 j~~A. A pox of that jest and beshrew all shrows! .Pn?z. But what was sent to you from fair Dumain ? ~~A. Madam, this glove. .Pn~. Did he not send you twain ? Yes, madam and moreover, Some thousand verses of a faithful lover A huge translation of hypocrisy, Vilely compil'd, profound simplicity. Mar. This, and these pearls, to me sent Longa ville The letter is too long by half a mile. Prin. 1 think no lefs Dost thou not wish in heart, Thé chain were longer, and thé letter short ? ~xr. Ay, or I would these hands might never part. ~rm. We are wise girls, to mock our lovers so. ~c~. They are worse fools, to purcliase mocking so. That same Biron l'il torture ere 1 go. 0 that 1 knew he were but in by the week How 1 would make him fawn, and beg, and seek And wait the season, and observe the times, And spend his prodigal wits in bootlefs rhymes And shape his service wholly to my behests, And make hirn proud to make me proud that jests So portent-like would 1 o'ersway his state, That he should be my fool, and 1 his fate. Prin. None are so surely caught, when they are catch'd, As wit turn'd fool folly, in wisdom hatch'd, Hath wisdom's warrant, and thé help of school And wit's own grace to grace a learned fool. ~M. The blood of youth burns not with such excels, As gravity's revoit to wantonnels. J~r. Folly in fools bears not so strong a note, As foolery in the wise, when wit doth dote Since all the power thereof it doth apply, To prove, by wit, worth in simplicity. Enter Boyet. P~. Here comes Boyet, and mirth is in his face. ~cy. 0, 1 am stabb'd with laughter! Wherc's her grace? Prin. Thy news, Boyet ? Boy. Prépare, madam, prepare!-Arm, wenches, arm encounters mounted are Against your peace Love doth approach disguis'd, Armed in arguments you'll be surpris'd Muster your wits stand in your own defence Or hide your heads like cowards, and fly hence. Prin. Saint Dennis to saint Cupid What are they, That charge their breath against us ? say, scout, say. Boy. Under the cool shade of a sycamore, I thought to close mine eyes some half an hour When, lo, to interrupt my purpos'd rest, Toward that shade 1 might behold addrest The king and his companions warily 1 stole into a neighbour thicket by, And overhcard what you shali overhear That, by and by, disguis'd they will be here. Their herald is a pretty knavish page, That well by heart hath conn'd his embassage Action, and accent, did they teach him there T~MJ must ~CM and ~M~ body bear And ever and anon they made a doubt, Presence majestical would put him out For, quoth the King, an angel shalt thou see ~r not thou, but speak ~M~c~M~ The boy reply'd, An is not I should W her, had she been a devil. With that all laugli'd, and clapp'd him on the shoulder Making the bold wag by their praises bolder. One rubb'd his elbow thus and neer'd, and swore, A better speech was never spoke before Another, witli his finger and his thumb, Cry'd, F~ will do't, 6wy~ z~ z~ cow~ Thé third he caper'd, and cried, ~~ ~ Thé .fburth turn'd on the toe, and down lie fell. Witli that, they aJI did tumbJc on the ground, With such a zealous laughter, so profound, That in this spleen ridiculous appears, To check their My, pafsion's solemn tears. But what, but what, come they to visit us ? Boy. They do, they do and are apparell'd thus,-Like Muscovites, or Ruisians as 1 guefs, Their purpose is, to parle, to court, and dance And every one his love-feat will advance Unto his several mistrefs which they'll know By favours several, which they did bestow. ~r~. And will they so? thé gallants shall bc task'd -For, ladies, we will every one be mask'd And not a man of them shall have the grâce, Despite of suit, to see a lady's face. Hold, Rosaline, this favour thou shalt wear And then the king will court thec for his dear Hold, take thou this, my sweet, and give me thine So shall Biron take me for Rosaline,-And change you favours too so shall your loves Woo contrary, deceiv'd by these removes. jR~. Corne on then wear the favours most in sight. Ifatlt. But, in this changing, what is your intent ? Prin. The effect of my intent is, to crofs theirs They do it but in mocking merriment And mock for mock is only my intent. Their several counsels they unbosom shall To loves mistook and so be mock'd withal, Upon the next occasion that we meet, With visages display'd, to talk, and greet. But shall we dance, if they désire us to't? ~r~. No to the death, wc will not move a foot Nor to their penn'd speech rcnder we no grace But, while 'tis spoke, each turn away lier face. Boy. Why, that contempt will kill the speaker's heart, And quite divorce his memory from his part. jprm. Therefore 1 do it and, 1 make no doubt, The rest will ne'er come in, if he be out. There's no such sport, as sport by sport o'erthrown To make theirs ours, and ours none but our own So shall we stay, mocking intended game And they, well mock'd, depart away with shame. ~ sound witltin. Boy. The trumpet sounds be mask'd, the maskers come. the ladies mask. Enter the King, jS~cM Z~M~ and Dumain, in Rufsian habits, and 7?Z~M ~fo~~ Musicians, and Attendants. j~f~A. ~M A~ the ricliest beauties on the ~r~A Boy. Beauties no richer than rich taffata. Moth. A holy ~~?ï~~ of ~x~ dames, .he ladies turn their backs to him. fhat ever turn'd their-backs-to mortal j3~. 7~6'~ eyes, villain, ~~f eyes. ~o~A. ? A~ ever turn'd their mortal OM~ ~ True out, indeed. Moth. Out C~~OMr~~CMf~ Iteavenly ~OMC M~ ~o behold-Bir. Once to behold, rogue. .Me A. C~ behold w~~ your sun-beamed eyes, -Z~~A your ~7M ?~ ~'M-Boy. They will not answer to that epithet You were best call it, daughter-beamed eyes. ~fo A. They do not mark me, and that brings me out. Bir. Is this your perfectnefs? be gone, you rogue. ~o~. What would these strangers ? know their minds, Boyet If they do speak our language, 'tis our will That some plain man recount their purposes Know what they would. Boy. What would you with the prince~s ? Bir. Nothing but peace, and gentle visitation. jR~. What would they, say they ? Boy. Nothing but peace, and gentle visitation. Why, that they hâve and bid them so be gone. Boy. She says, you have it, and you may be gone. Say to her, we have measur'd many miles, To tread a measure with her on this grafs. Boy. They say, that they have measur'd many a mile, To tread a measure with you on this grafs. j?~. It is not so ask them, how many inches Is in one mile if they have measur'd many, The measure then of one is easily told. Boy. If, to come hither you have measur'd miles, And many miles thé princefs bids you tell How many inches do fill up one mile. 2~y. Tell her, we measure them by weary steps. Boy. She hears herself. J?~. How many weary steps, Of many weary miles you have o'ergone, Are number'd in the travel of one mile? J5~. We number nothing that we spend for you Our duty is so rich, so infinite, That we may do it still without accompt. Vouchsafe to show the sunshine of your face, That we, like savages, may worship it. jR~. My face is but a moon, and clouded too. j~ Blefsed are clouds, that do as such clouds do! Vouchsafe, bright moon, and these thy stars, to shine Those clouds remov'd, upon our watery eyne. jRo~ 0 vain petitioner! beg a greater matter Thou now request'st but moonshine in the water. Then in our measure do but vouchsafe one change Thou bid'st me beg this begging is not strange. ~M. Play, music, then nay you must do it soon. music Plays. Not yet -no dance -thus change 1 like the moon. Will you not dance ? How come you thus estrang'd ? -K~. You took the moon at full but now she's chang'd. Yet still she is the moon, and 1 the man. The music plays vouchsafe some motion to it. jR~. Our ears vouchsafe it. j~ But your legs should do it. ~M. Since you are strangers, and corne here by chance, We'll not be nice take hands -wc will not dance. ~Tïg'. Why take we hands then ? jKc~. Only to part friends Court'sy, sweet hearts and so thé measure ends. J~ More measure of this measure be not nice. 7~. We can afford no more at such a price. Prize you yourselves What buys your company? 7~. Your absence only. Ifing. That can never be. 7~. Then cannot we be bought and so adieu Twice to your visor, and half once to you Ifirtg. If you deny to dance, let's hold more chat. jRo~. In private then. 1 am best pleas'd with that. ~~ converse ~~W. Bir. White-handed mistrels, one sweet word with thee. Prin. Honey, and milk, and sugar there is three. Bir. Nay then, two treys, an I.fyou grow so nice, Metheglin, wort, and mahnscy -well run, dice There's balf a dozen sweets. jPnTZ. Seven th sweet, adieu! Since you can cog, l'Il play no more with you. Bir. One word in secret. Prin. Let it not be sweet. Bir. Thou griev'st my gall. Prin. GaJI? bitter. Bir. Therefore meet. they converse ~ x~. DM~x. Will you vouchsafe with me to change a word ? jM~r. Name it. D~ Fair lady, ~xr. Say you so ? Fair lord~-Take that for your fair lady. J9~ Please it you, As much in private, and F II bid adieu. What, was your visor made without a tongue? Long. 1 know the reason, lady, why you ask. 0, for your reason! quickly, sir 1 long. Long. You have a double tongue within your mask, And would afford my speechlefs visor half. Veal, quoth the Dutchman Is not veal a calf ? Long. A calf, fair lady? No, a fair lord calf. Z~. Let's part the word. Ifath. No, Fil not be your half Take all, and wean it it may prove an ox. Zc~. Look, how you butt yourself in these sharp mocks 1 Will you give horns, chaste lady? do not so. j~ Then die a calf, before your horns do grow. they converse Long. One word in private with you, ere 1 die. Bleat softly then, the butcher hears you cry. they converse jSo~. The tongues of mocking wenches are as keen As is the razor's edge invisible, Cutting a smaller hair than may be seen Above the sense of sen.se so sensible Seemeth their conférence their conceits have wings, Fleeter than arrows, bullets, wind, thought, swifter things. jRo~. Not one word more, my maids break off, break off. 2~. By heaven, all dry-beaten with pure scoff! ~Mg. Farewell, mad wenches you have simple wits. ~W~. Twenty adieus, my frozen Muscovites.-E~M~ Lords, Moth, ~M~ï~ and Attendants. Are these the breed of wits so wonder'd at ? j8c~. Tapers they are, with your sweet breaths puff'd out. ~M. Well-liking wits they have grofs, grofs fat, lat. J~n?~. 0 poverty in wit, kingly-poor flout Will they not, think you, hang themselves to-night ? Or ever, but in visors, show their faces? This pert Biron was out of countenance quite. J?M. 0, they were all in lamentable cases The king was weeping-ripe for a good word. Prin. Biron did swear himself out of all suit. .A~. Dumain was at my service, and his sword No ~OMZ~ quoth 1 my servant straight was mute. ~~A. Lord Longaville said, 1 came o'er his heart And trow you, what he call'd me? ~n' ~alm, perhaps. Yes, in good faith. .Pr~. Go, sicknefs as thou art 7~. Well, better wits have worn plain statute-caps. But will you hear? the king is my love sworn. Prin. And quick Biron hath plighted faith to me. ~~A. And Longaville was for my service boni. .y Dumain is mine, as sure as bark on tree. Boy. Madam, and pretty mistrefses, give ear Immediately they will again be here In their own shapes for it can never be, They will digest this harsh Indignity. Prin. Will they return ? Boy. They will, they will, God knows And leap for joy, though they are lame with blows Therefore, change favours and, when they repair, Blow like sweet roses in this summer air. Prin. How blow? how bJowP speak to be understood. ~o~. Fair ladies, mask'd, are roses in their bud Dismask'd, their damask sweet commixture shown, Are angels vailing clouds, or roses blown. Prin. Avaunt, perplexity What shall we do, If they return in their own shapes to woo ? ~M. Good madam, if by me you'Il be advis~d, Let's mock them still, as well known, as disguis'd Let us complain to them what fools were here, Disguis'd like Muscovites, in shapelefs gear And wonder, what they were and to what end Their shallow shows, and prologue vilely penn'd, And their rough carriage so ridiculous, Should be presented at our tent to us. .60~. Ladies, withdraw the gallants are at hand. fW~. Whip to our tents, as roes run over land. E~M~ Frmc~ ~M. and the Longaville, and Dumain, in ~o~r habits. Fair sir, God save you Where is the princels ? Boy. Gone to lier tent Please it your majesty, Command me any service to her thither? That she vouchsafe me audience for one word. Boy. I will and so will she, 1 know, my lord. E~. This fellow pecks up wit, as pigeons peas And utters it again when God doth please He is wit's pedler and retails his wares At wakes, and wafsels, meetings, markets, fair s And we that sell by grols, the Lord doth know, Have not the grace to grace it with such show. This gallant pins the wenches on his sleeve Had he been Adam, he had tempted Eve He can carve too, and lisp Why, this is he. That kifs'd his hand away in courtesy This is the ape of form, monsieur the nice, That, when he plays at tables, chides thé dice In honourable terms nay, he can sing A mean most meanly and, in ushering, Mend him who can the ladies call him, sweet The stairs, as he treads on them, kifs his feet This is the flower that smiles on every one, To show his teeth as white as whalcs bone And consciences, that will not die in debt, Pay him the due of honey-tongued Boyet. J~mg'. A blister on his sweet tongue, with my heart, That put Armado's page out of his part! Enter the ~r~c~ usliered by Boyet Rosaline, Maria, rine, and Attendants. J5~. See, where it cornes!Behaviour, what wert thou, Till this man shew'd thee? and what art thou now? Ail hail, sweet Madam, and fair time of day Prin. Fair, in all hail, is Ibul, as 1 conceive. Construe my speeches better, Ifyou may. Prin. Then wish me better, 1 will give you leave. j~ We came to visit you and purpose now To lead you to our court vouchsafe it then. Prin. This field shall hold me and so hold your vow Nor God, nor I, delight in perjur'd men. j~ Rebuke me not for that which you provoke The virtue of your eye must break my oath. ~r~. You nick-naine virtue vice you should have spoke For virtue's office never breaks men's troth. Now, by my maiden honour, yet as pure As the unsullied lily, 1 protest, A world of torments though 1 should endure, 1 would not yield to be your house's guest So much 1 hate a breaking-cause to be Of heavenly oaths, vow'd with integrity. ~M~. 0, you have liv'd in desolation here, Unseen, unvisited, much to our shame. ~rz~. Not so, my lord it is not so, 1 swear We have had pastimes here, and pleasant game A mefs of Rufsians left us but of late. How, madam? RuMans? jPf~. Ay, in truth, my lord Trim gallants, full of courtship, and of state. ~?M. Madam, speak true -It is not so, my lord My lady, to the manner of the daysJ In courtesy, gives undeserving praise. We four, indeed, confronted were with four In Rufsian habit here they stay'd an hour, And talk'd apace and in that hour, my lord, They did not biefs us with one happy word. 1 dare not call them fools but this 1 think, Wlien they are thirsty, fools would fain have drink. Bir. This jest is dry to me.-Fair gentle sweet, Your wit makes wise things foolish when we greet With eyes best seeing heaven's fiery eye, By light we lose light Your capacity Is of that nature, that to your huge store Wise things seem foolish, and rich things but poor. jRc~. This proves you wise and rich for in my eye, Bir. 1 arn a fool, and full of poverty. 7?~. But that you take what doth to you belong, It were a fault to snatch words from my tongue. Bir. 0 1 am yours, and all that 1 pofsefs. Ros. Ail the fool mine ? Bir. 1 cannot give you lefs. J?M. Which of the visors was it, that you wore ? ~y. Where? when? what visor? why demand you this ? 7~. There, then, that visor that superfluous case, That hid the worse, and show'd the better face. j~ We are descried they'Il mock us now downright. D~ Let us confefs, and turn it to a jest. jPrm. Amaz'd, my lord? Why looks your highnefs sad? 7~. HeJp, hold his brows! he'11 swoon! Why look you pale ?-Sea-sick, 1 think, coming from Muscovy. Thus pour the stars down plagues for perjury. Can any face of brafs hold longer out?-Here stand I, lady dart thy skill at me Bruise me with scorn, confound me with a flout Thrust thy sharp wit quite through my ignorance Cut me to pieces with thy keen conçoit And 1 will wish thee never more to dance, Nor never more in Rufsian habit wait. O! never will I trust to speeches penn'd, Nor to the motion of a school-boy's tongue Nor never corne in visor to my friend Nor woo in rhyme, like a blind harper's song Taffata phrases, silken terms precise, Three-pil'd hyperboles, spruce affectation, Figures pedantical these summer-nies Have blown me full of maggot ostentation 1 do forswear them and 1 here protest, By this white glove, how white the hand, God knows! Henceforth my wooing mind shall be exprefs'd In rufset yeas, and honest kersey noes And, to begin, wench,-so God help me, la My love to thee is sound, sans crack or flaw. jRo~. Sans sans, 1 pray you. jSzr. Yet 1 have a trick Of the old rage -bear with me, 1 am sick I'll leave it by degrees. Soft, let us see -Write, Lord have mercy on us, on those three They are infected, in their hearts it lies They have thé plague, and caught it of your eyes Thèse lords are visited you are not free, For the Lord's tokens on you do 1 see. Prin. No, they are rec, that gave these tokens to us. jSxr. Our states are forfeit, seek not to undo us. jRcj. It is not so for how can this be true, That you stand forfeit, being those that sue ? Peace for 1 will not have to do with you. jR M. Nor shall not, if 1 do as 1 intend. ~r. Speak for yourselves, my wit is at an end. T~m~. Teach us, sweet madam, for our rude trans-grefsion Some fair excuse. jP~m. The fairest is confefsion. Were you not here, but even now, disguis'd ? ~mg. Madam, 1 was. Prin. And were you well ad vis'd? ~m~. 1 was, fair madam. Prin. When you then were liere, What did you whisper in your lady's car? That more than all the world 1 did respect her. Prin. When she shall challenge this, you will reject her. Upon mine honour, no. Prin. Peace, peace, forbear Your oath once broke, you force not to forswear. j~m~. Despise me, when 1 break this oath of mine. Prin. I will andtherefbrekeepit -Rosaiine, What did the Rufsian whisper in your ear ? j~M. Madam, he swore, that he did hold me dear As precious eye-sight and did value me Above this world adding thereto, moreover, That he would wed me, or else die my lover. Prin. God give thee joy of him the noble lord Most honourably doth uphold his word. What mean you, madam ? by my life, my troth, 1 never swore this lady such an oath. 7~. By heaven, you did and to confiim it plain, You gave me this but take it, sir, again. My faith, and this, the princefs 1 did give 1 knew her by this jewel on her sleeve. Prin. Pardon me, sir, this jewel did she wear And lord Biron, I thank him, is my dear What will you have me, or your pearl again? Bir. Neither of either 1 remit both twain. 1 see the trick on't Here was a consent, Knowing aforehand of our merrimentJ To dash it like a Christmas comedy Some carry-tale, some please-man, some slight zany, Some mumble-news, some trencher-knight, some Dick, That smiles his cheek in years and knows the trick To make my lady laugh, when she's dispos'd, Told our intents before which once disclos'd, The ladies did change favours and then we, Following the signs, woo'd but the sign of she. Now, to our perjury to add more terror, We are again forsworn in will, and error. Much upon this it is -And might not you Te Boyet. Forestal our sport, to make us thus untrue ? Do not you know my lady's foot by the squire? And laugh upon the apple of her eye ? And stand between her back, sir, and the fire, Holding a trencher, jesting merrily? You put our page out Go, you are allow'd Die when you will, a smock shall be your shroud. You leer upon me, do you? there's an eye, Wounds like a leaden sword. .S Full merrily Hath this brave manage, this career been run. jS~. Lo, he is tilting straight Peace 1 have done. Enter Costard. Welcome, pure wit thou partest a fair fray. C'M~. 0 Lord, sir, they would know, Whether the three worthics shall come in, or no. Bir. What, are there but three ? Cost. No, sir but it is vara fine, For every one pursents three. And three times thrice is nine. Cost. Not so, sir under correction, sir 1 hope, it is not so You cannot beg us, sir, 1 can afsure you, sir we know what we know 1 hope, sir, three times thrice, sir,-~r. Is not nine. Cost. Under correction, sir, we know whereuntil it doth amount. ~r. Byjove, 1 always took three threes for nine. Cost. 0 Lord, sir, it were pity you should get your liv-ing by reckoning, sir. Bir. How much is It ? Cost. 0 Lord, sir, the parties themselves, the actors, sir, will shew whereuntil it doth amount Ibr mine own part, 1 am, as they say, but to parfect one man,-e'en one poor man Pompion the great, sir. Bir. Art thou one of thé worthies ? Cc~. It pleased them, to think me worthy of Pompion the great for mine own part, 1 know not the degree of the worthy but 1 am to stand for him. Bir. Go, bid them prepare. Cost. We will turn it finely off, sir we will take some care. fE~ Costard. J~m~. Biron, they will shame us, let them not approach. Bir. We are shame-proof, my lord and 'tis some po-licy To have one show worse than the king's and his company. ~M~. 1 say, they shall not come. Prin. Nay, my good lord, let me o'er-rule you now That sport best pleases, that doth least know how Where zeal strives to content, and the contents Die in the zeal of them which it presents, Their form confounded makes most form in mirth When great things labouring perish in their birth. Bir. A right description of our sport, my lord. Enter Armado. Anointed, I implore so much expence of thy royal sweet breath as will utter a brace of words. ~y~. converses with the and delivers him a ~~r. 7~ Doth this man serve God ? Bir. Why ask you? Prin. He speaks not like a man of God's making. ~~M. That's all one, my fair, sweet, honey monarch for, 1 protest, the school-master is exceeding fantastical too, too vain too, too vain But we will put it, as they say, to fortuna della guerra. I wish you thé peace of mind, most royal couplement Exit ~yyM~~c. Ifing. Here is like to be a good presence of worthies He presents Hector of Troy the swain, Pompey the great the parish curate, Alexander Armado's page, Hercules thc pedant, Judas Machabaeus. And if these four worthies in their first show thrive, These four will change habits, and present the other five. Bir. There is five in the first show. J~m~. You are deceiv'd, 'tis not so. Bir. The pedant, the braggart, the hedge-priest, the fool, and the boy Abate a throw at novum, and the whole wor ld again Cannot prick out five such, take each one in his vein. j~z~. The ship is under sail, and here she cornes amain. ~~ ~y the King, jpr~c~ ~c. Pageant of the JVzyx~ Worthies. Enter Costard arm'd, for Pc~ Cost. I Pompey Bir. You lie, you are not he. Cost. 7 Pompey Boy. With libbard's head on knee. Bir. Well said, old mocker 1 must needs be friends with thee. Cost. I Pompey am, Pompey surnam'd the big, Dum. The great. Cost. It is great, sir Pc~~ surnam'd the great That oft Z7~ M~ with targe and shield, did make ~z~ And, travelling along this coast, 7~ am come by chance And arms before the legs of this c~Fr~MC~. If your ladyship would say, 7~ Pompey, 1 had donc. Prin. Great thanks, great Pompey. Cost. 'Tis not so much worth but, 1 hope, 1 was per-fect 1 made a little fault in, great. Bir. My hat to a halfpenny, Pompey proves the best worthy. Enter ~~m~ arm'd, for Alexander. JV~A. in the world I 7 was the Zt py~ cc~z-mander By east, north, and south, ~y~~ conquering might 'scutcheon j~ declares, that 7 am Alisander. Boy. Your nose says, no, you are not for it stands too right. Your nose smells, no, in this, most tender-smelling knight. Prin.T he conqueror is dismay' d Proceed, good Alexander. JV~ When in the world I the ~crM~ com-mander -Boy. Most true, 'tis right you were so, Alisander. Bir. Pompey the gréât,-Cost. Your servant, and Costard. Bir. Take away the conqueror, take away Alisander. Cost. 0, sir, to JV x~. you have overthrown Alisander thé conqueror You will be scraped out of the painted cloth for this your lion, that holds his poll-ax sitting on a close-stool, will be given to A-jax he will be the ninth worthy. A conqueror, and afeard to speak! run away for shame, Alisander. A~ There, an't shalipleaseyou a foolish mild man an honest man, look you, and soon dash'd! He is a marvellous good neighbour, insooth and a very good bowler but, for Alisander, alas, you see, how ~tis -a little o'er-parted -But there are worthies a com-ing will speak their mind in some other sort. JPW~. Stand aside, good Pompey. Enter J~o~y~~ ~j~or~ and Moth arm'd, for Hercules. Hol. Great Hercules is presented by ~M z~, Wfaose club M~ Cerberus, tfiat ~A~ canus And, when he was a babe, a child, a shrimp, Thus did he strangle serpents in his manus Quoniam, seemeth in minority Ergo, 7cc~~ this apology. Keep some state in thy and vanish. ~~ j~fc~. ~M~ I z~ D~ A Judas! ~c~. Not Iscariot, sir.-~M ~M 7 am, ycleped ~!ZC~a!~M~. Dum. Judas Machabaeus clipt, is plain Judas. ~y. A kifsing traitor -How art thou prov'd Judas? Hol. y~~ I z~-Dum. The more 'shame for you, Judas. ~c~. What mean you, sir? ~o~. To make Judas hang himself. ~c~. Begin, sir you are my elder. Bir. Well follow'd Judas was hang'd on an elder. ~c . 1 will not be put out of countenance. Bir. Because thou hast no face. ~M What is this ? Boy. A cittern head. Dum. The head of a bodkin. Bir. A death's face in a ring. Z~g'. The face of an old Roman coin, scarce seen. Boy. The pummel ofCsesar's falchion. Dum. The carv'd-bone face on a flask. Bir. St. George's half-cheek in a brooch. Dum. Ay, and in a brooch of lead. Bir. Ay, and worn in the cap of a tooth-drawer And now, forward for we have put thee in countenance. Bol. You have put me out of countenance. Bir. False we have given thee faces. ~c~. But you have out-fac'd them all. Bir. An thou wert a lion, we would do so. 2~. Therefore, as he is, an afs, let him go. And so adieu, sweet Jude nay, why dost thou stay? DM~. For the latter end of his name. Bir. For the afs to thejude give it him -Jud-as, away. ~c~. This is not generous, not gentle, not humble. Boy. A light for monsieur Judas it grows dark, he may stumble. Holofernes retires. L jPfm. Alas, poor Machabaeus, how hath he been baited! Enter Armado arm'd, for Hector. Bir. Hide thy head, Achilles here comes Hector in arms. Dum. Though my mocks corne home by me, 1 will now be merry. ~rng. Hector was but a Trojan in respect of this. ~c~. But is this Hector ? Dum. 1 think, Hector was not so clean-timber'd. Long. His leg is too big for Hector. Dum. More calf, certain. Boy. No he is best indued in the small. Bir. This cannot be Hector. Dum. He's a god or a painter for he makes faces. Arm. 7~~ x~?M~o~M~ Mars, c~~c~ the almighty, Gave Hector a g~-D~ A gilt nutmeg. Bir. A lemon. Z~. Stuck with cloves. Dum. No,cloven. j~f~z. Peace! 2~ armipoient Mars, c~~c~ the alntighty, Gave Hector a heir of ~ZCM A man so that certain ~O~M~ From morn tilt night, out of his ~z. I am ~c~ Dum. That mint. Z~. That columbine. Arm. Sweet lord Longaville, rein thy tongue. Z~. 1 must rather give it the rein for it runs against Hector. Dum. Ay, and Hector's a greyhound. Arm. Thé sweet war-man is dead and rotten sweet chucks, beat not the bones of the buried when he breath'd, he was a man-But 1 will forward with my device sweet royalty, to the ~r~c~. bestow on me the sense of hearing. Biron whispers Costard. ~rm. Speak, brave Hector we are much delight-ed. Arm. 1 do adore thy sweet grace's slipper. Boy. Loves her by the foot. Dum. He may not by the yard. Arm. This T~c~r~y surmounted Hannibal,-Cost. The party is gone, fellow Hector, she is gone she is two months on her way. Jy~z. What mean'st thou? Cost. 'Faith, unlefs you play the honest Trojan, the poor wench is cast away she's quick the child brags in lier belly ah'eady 'tis yours. Arm. Dost thou infamonize me among potentates ? thou shalt die. Cost. Then shall Hector be whipp'd, for Jaquenetta that is quick by him and hang'd, for Pompey that is dead by him. Dum. Most rare Pompey Boy. Renowned Pompey! Bir. Greater than great, great, great, great, Pompey! Pompey thé huge Dum. Hector trembles. Bir. Pompey is mov'd -More Ates, more Ates stir them on, stir them on Dum. Hector will challenge him. Bir. Ay, if he have no more man's blood in's belly than will sup a flea. Arm. By the north pole, 1 do challenge thee. Cc~. 1 will not fight with a pole, like a northern man Fil slash l'il do it by the sword -1 pray you, let me borrow my arms again. Dum. Room for the incensed worthies. Cost. l'il do it in my shirt. DM?M. Most resolute Pompey! Mo~A. Master, let me take you a button-hole lower. Do you not see, Pompey is uncasing for the combat? What mean you ? you will lose your reputation. Gentlemen, and soldiers, pardon me 1 will not combat in my shirt. Dum. You may not deny it Pompey hath made thé challenge. Sweet bloods, 1 both may and will. Bir. What reason have you for~t? The naked truth of it is, 1 have no shirt 1 go woolward for penance. ~Mc~. True, and it was enjoin'd him in Rome for want of linen since when, l'il be sworn, he wore none, but a dish-clout ofjaquenetta's and that 'a wears next his heart for a favour. Enter Mercade. Mer. God save you, madam Prin. Welcome, Mercade But that thou interrupt'st our merriment. Mer. 1 am sorry, madam for the news 1 bring, Is heavy in my tongue. Thé king your father-~rm. Dead, for my life. Mer. Even so my tale is told. Bir. Worthies, away the scene begins to cloud. ~y~. For mine own part, 1 breathe free breath 1 have seen the day of wrong through the little hole of discretion, and 1 will right myself like a soldier. Exeunt Worthies. How fares your majesty ? Prin. Boyet, prepare 1 will away to-night. jR~. Madam, not so 1 do beseech you, stay. Prin. Prepare, 1 say.-1 thank you, gracious lords, For all your fair endèavours and entreat, Out of a new-sad soul, that you vouchsafe In your rich wisdom, to excuse, or hide, The liberal opposition of our spirits If over-boldly we have borne ourselves In the converse of breath, your gentlenefs Was guilty of it.-Farewell, worthy lord A heavy heart bears not an humble tongue Excuse me so, coming too short of thanks For my great suit so easily obtain'd. j~m~. The extreme parts of time extremely form AU causes to the purpose of his speed And often, at his very loose, decides That which long procefs could not arbitrate And though the mourning brow of progeny Forbid the smiling courtesy of love, The holy suit which fain it would convince Yet since love's argument was first on foot, Let not thé cloud of sorrow justle it From what it purpos'd since, to wail friends lost, Is not by much so wholesome, profitable, As to rejoice at friends but newly found. Prin. 1 understand you not my griefs are double. Bir. Honest plain words best pierce the ear of grief -And by these badges understand the king. For your fair sakes have we neglected time, Play'd. foui play with our oaths your beauty, ladies, Hath much deform'd us, fashioning our humours Even to the opposed end of our intents And what in us hath seem'd ridiculous,-As love is full of unbefitting strains AU wanton as a child, skipping, and vain Form'd by the eye, and therefore like the eye, Full of strange shapes, of habits, and of forms, Varying in subjects as the eye doth roll To every varied object in his glance Which party-coated presence of loose love, Put on by us, if, in your heavenly eyes, Have misbecom'd our oaths and gravities, Those heavenly eyes, that look into these faults, Suggested us to make Therefore, ladies, Our love being yours, the error that love makes Is likewise yours we to ourselves prove false, By being once false for ever to be true To those that make us both,-fair ladies, you And even that falsehood, in itself a sin, Thus purifies itself, and turns to grace. .Pn?z. We have receiv'd your letters, full of love Your favours, the embafsadors of love And, in our maiden council, rated them At courtship, pleasant jest, and courtesy, As bombast and as lining to the time But more devout than this, in our respects, Have we not been and therefore met your loves In their own fashion, like a merriment. Dum. Our letters, madam, show'd much more thanjest. Long. So did our looks. jR~. We did not quote them so. jR~g Now, at the latest minute of the hour, Grant us your loves. Prin. A time, methinks, too short To make a world-without-end bargain in No, no, my lord, your grace is perjur'd much, Full of dear guiltinefs and, therefore, this,-If for my love as there is no such cause, You will do aught, this shall you do for me Your oath 1 will not trust but go with speed To some forlorn and naked hermitage, Remote from aIl the pleasures of the world There stay, until the twelve celestial signs Have brought about their annual reckoning If this austere insociable life Change not your offer made in heat of blood If frosts, and fasts, hard lodging, and thin weeds, Nip not the gaudy blofsoms of your love, But that it bear this trial, and last love Then, at the expiration of the year, Come challenge, challenge me by these déserts, And, by this virgin palm, now kifsing thine, 1 will be thine and, till that instant, shut My woefui self up in a mourning house Raining the tears of lamentation, For the remembrance of my father's death. If this thou do deny, let our hands part Neither intitled in the other's heart. If this, or more than this, 1 would deny, To flatter up these powers of mine with rest, The sudden hand of death close up mine eye Hence ever then my heart is in thy brcast. Bir. And what to me, my love? and what to me? 7~. You must be purged too, your sins are r ack'd You are attaint witli faults and perjury Therefore, if you my favour mean to get, A twelvemonth shall you spend, and never rest, But seek the weary beds of people sick. Dum. But what to me, my love? but what to me? A wife!-A beard, fair health, and honesty With three-fold love 1 wish you all these three. Dum. 0, shall 1 say, 1 thank you, gentle wife? Not so, my lord -a twelvemonth and a day l'il mark no words that smooth-fac'd wooers say Corne when the king doth to my lady corne, Then, ifl have much love, I'll give you some. Dum. l'Il serve thee true and faithfully till then. Yet, swear not, lest you be forsworn again. Long. What says Maria? Mar. At thé twelvemonth's end, l'JI change my black gown for a faithful friend. Z~g'. l'Il stay with patience but the time is long. Mar. The liker you few taller are so young. Bir. Studies my lady? mistrefs, look on me, Behold the window of my heart, mine eye, What humble suit attends thy answer there Impose some service on me for thy love. Ros. Oft have 1 heard of you, my lord Biron, Before 1 saw you and the world's large tongue Proclaims you for a man replete with mocks Full of comparisons, and wounding flouts Which you on all estates will execute, That lie within the mercy of your wit To weed this wormwood from your fruitful brain, And, therewithal, to win me, if you please, Without the which 1 am not to be won, You shall this twelvemonth term from day to day Visit the speechlefs sick, and still converse With groaning wretches and your task shall be, With all thé fierce endeavour of your wit, To enforce the pained impotent to smile. Bir. To move wild laughter in the throat of death ? It cannot be it is impofsible Mirth cannot move a soul in agony. jR~. Why that's the way to choke a gibing spirit, Who.se influence is begot of that loose grace, Which shallow laughing hearers give to fools A jest~s prosperity lies in the ear Of him that hears it, never in the tongue Of hinl that makes it then, ifsickly ears, Deaf'd with thé clamours of their own dear groans, Will hear your idle scorns, continue then, And 1 will have you, and that fault withal But, if they will not, throw away that spirit, And 1 shall find you empty of that fault, Rightjoyfui of your reformation. j6~. A twelvemonth? well, befal what will befal, l'IIjest a twelvemonth in an hospital. Ay, sweet my lord and so 1 take my leave. 7c the j~mg. No, madam we will bring you on your way. Bir. Our wooing doth not end like an old play Jack hath not JII1 these ladies' courtesy Might well have made our sport a comedy. Come, sir, it wants a twelvemonth and a day, And then 'twill end. Bir. That's too long for a play. Enter Armado. Arm. Sweet majesty, vouchsafe me,-Prin. Was not that Hector? Dum. The worthy knight of Troy. Arm. 1 will kifs thy royal finger, and take leave 1 am a votary 1 have vowed to Jaquenetta to hold the plough for her sweet love three year. But, most esteemed greatnefs, will you hear the dialogue that the two learned men have compiled, in praise of the owl and the cuckoo ? it should have followed in the end of our show. Long. Call them forth quickly, we will do so. Arm. Holla approach. Enter jHc c~n~ Nathaniel, Moth, Costard, and others. This side is Hiems, winter this Ver, the spring the one maintain'd by the owl, the other by the cuckoo. Ver, begin. SONG. Spr. When ~m~ and violets M~~ And lady-smoclis ~M ~~y-And OEC~OO- O~C~ hue, ~~ 7~ Do ~ M~ the ~~A delight, t.3? ~~J~~ The cMc~co tlten, on every tree, Mocks married men, for thus sings he, Cuckoo CMC~C~ CMC~CÛ~0 word 0~ married ~~f When ~A~r~ on oaten strazvs, And merry ~r~ are clocks, When turtles tread, and rCC~ and And maidens bleach their summer ~TMOC~, The CMC~o every tree, ~foc~ married men, ~or thus sings he, CMC~OÛ CMc~c~ cMc~c~-0 word c C M~ married Win. When icicles hang by tlte z~ And Dzc~ the ~0~~ his M~~ And 7o~ bears logs into hall, And ?Mt~ comes frozen home in When blood is m~ and z~~ befoul, Then nightly sings tlte staring owl, Tc-~o Tu-whit, ~C- merry note, Wltile greasy doth the ~0~. When all aloud the doth Mc~ And coughing ~fC~M~ the ~7~~ saw, And birds sit brooding in the ~c~, And .~rM~s nose looks red and y~ When roasted crabs in the Then ~z~A~ sings the staring uwl, ~o-~c ZM-~A~~ to-who, a merry note, F~X~ greasy ~C~M doth the pot. The words of Mercury are harsh after the songs of Apollo. You, that way we, this way. E~~M~. F~-oM ~MM ~y W. ~~ZM~ CO. A M D~MM~C~T~ DREAM '? PERSONS 0F THE DRAMA Theseus, D~~ of Athens. Z~~M~, Ex~ër to Hermia. Lysander, Demetrius in love with Hermia. 7 Master of the Revels Io Theseus. Quince, Carpenter. Snug, ~O~r. Bottom, the ~a~~y. Flute, ~A~ ~~0~y. Snout, Tinker. ~y~M~ ~e Ta~or. T~O~ ~M~~M 0 6~~ XXO~, betrothed to T~~CM~. ~r~ DaughM~ and ~ '0~ Scene, ~ t~, and a Wood KO ~r~OM il. MIDSUMMER-NIGHT'S DREAM c ~r ~c~~j? ATHENS. A ROOM IN THE PALACE OF THESEUS. Enter TT~M~ jf~~c~~ Philostrate, and ÏHESËUS. Now, fair Hippolyta, our nuptial hour Draws on apace four happy days bring in Another moon but, oh, methinks, how slow This old moon wanes! she lingers my desires, Like to a step-dame, or a dowager, Long withering out a young man's revenue. 7~ . Four days will quickly steep themselves in nights Four nights will quickly dream away the time And then the moon, like to a silver bow New bent in heaven, shall behold the night Of our solemnities. 7'he. Go, Philostrate, Stir up the Athenian youth to merriments Awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth Turn melancholy forth to funerals, The pale companion is not fbrourpomp.-~7~ Hippolyta, 1 woo'd thee with my sword, And won thy love, doing thee injuries But 1 will wed thee in another key, With pomp, with triumph, and with revelling. jE?~ Egeus, Hermia, Lysander, and Demetrius. ~E~. Happy be Theseus, our renowned duke 7~ Thanks, good Egeus What's the news with thee? jE~ Full of vexation come I, with complaint Against my child, my daughter Hermia. Stand forth, Demetrius -My noble lord, This man hath my consent to marry her -Stand forth, Lysander -and, my gracious duke, Tllis hath bewitch'd the bosom of my child Thou, thou, Lysander, thou hast given her rhymes, And interchang'd love-tokens with my child Thou hast by moonlight at her window sung, With feigning voice, verses of feigning love And stol'n thé imprefsion of her fantasy With bracelets of thy hair, rings, gawds, conceits, Knacks, trifles, nosegays, sweetmeats mefsengers Of strong prevailment in unharden'd youth With cunning hast thou filch'd my daughter's heart Turn'd her obedience, which is due to me, To stubborn harshnefs -And, my gracious duke, Be it so she will not here before your grace Consent to marry with Demetrius, 1 beg thé ancient privilege of Athens As she is mine, 1 may dispose of her Which shall be either to this gentleman, Or to her death according to our law, Immediately provided in that case. 7'he. What say you, Hermia? be advis'd, fair maid To you your father should be as a god One that compos'd your beauties yea, and one To whom you are but as a form in wax, By him imprinted, and within his power To leave the figure, or disfigure it. Demetrius is a worthy gentleman. Her. So is Lysander. 7~6. In himself he is But, in this kind, wanting your father's voice, The other must be held the worthier. jH~r. ï would, my father look'd but with my eyes. 7~ Rather your eyes must with his judgment look. Her. 1 do entreat your grace to pardon me. 1 know not by what power 1 am made bold Nor how it may concern my modesty, In such a presence here, to plead my thoughts But 1 beseech your grace, that 1 may know The worst that may befal me in this case, If I refuse to wed Demetrius. 7~. Either to die the death, or to abjure For ever the society of men. Therefore, fair Hermia, question your desires, Know of your youth, examine well your blood, Whether, if you yield not to your father's choice, You can endure the livery of a nun For aye to be in shady cloister mew'd, To live a barren sister all your life, Chanting faint hymns to thé cold fruitlefs moon. Thrice blefsed they, that master so their blood, To undergo such maiden pilgrimage But earthlier happy is the rose distill'd, Than that, which, withering on the virgin thorn, Grows, lives, and dies, in single hlefsednefs. ~7. So will 1 grow, so live, so die, my lord, Ere 1 will yield my virgin patent up Unto his lordship whose unwished yoke My soûl consents not to give sovereignty. 77~. Take time to pause and, by the next new moon, jTlie sealing-day betwixt my love and me, For everlasting bond offellowship, Upon that day either prepare to die, For disobedience to your father's will Or else to wed Demetrius, as he would Or on Diana's altar to protest, For aye, austerity and single life. J9~. Relent, sweet Hermia -And, Lysander, yield Thy crazed title to my certain right. Z~ You have her father's love, Demetrius Let me have Hermia's do you marry him. ScornfLil Lysander! true, he hath my love And what is mine, my love shall render him And she is mine and all my right of her 1 do estate unto Demetrius. Z~j. 1 am, my lord, as well deriv'd as he, As well pofsefs'd my love is more than his My fortunes every way as fairly rank'd, If not with vantage, as Demetrius' And, which is more than all these boasts can be, 1 am belov'd of beauteous Hermia Why should not 1 then prosecute my right? Demetrius, I'll avouch it to his head, Made love to Nedar's daughter, Helena, And won her soul and she, sweet lady, dotes, Devoutly dotes, dotes in idolatry, Upon this spotted and inconstant man. 7~. 1 must confefs, that 1 have heard so much, And with Demetrius thought to have spoke thereof But, being over-full of self-affairs, My mind did lose it.-But, Demetrius, corne And come, Egeus you shall go with me, 1 have some private schooling for you both. For you, fair Hermia, look you arm yourself To fit your fancies to your father's will Or else the law of Athens yields you up Which by no means we may extenuate, To death, or to a vow of single life. Corne, my Hippolyta What cheer, my love?-Demetrius, and Egeus, go along 1 must employ you in some businefs Against our nuptial and confer with you Of something nearly that concerns yourselves. Ege. With duty, and desire, we follow you. ~~M~~ T~~M~ ~MJ~ Demetrius, and 7~ Z~j. How now, my love? Why is your cheek so pale? How chance the roses there do fade so fast ? ~y. Belike, for want of rain which 1 could well Beteem them from the tempest of mine eyes. Lys. Ah me for aught that ever 1 could read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth But, either it was different in blood T~r. 0 crofs! too high to be enthrall'd to low! Lys. Or else misgraffed, in respect of years 7~. 0 spite! too old to be engag'd to young! Lys. Or else it stood upon the choice of friends ~y. 0 hell! to choose love by another's eye! Lys. Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, War, death, or sicknefs did lay siege to it Making it momentany as a sound, Swift as a shadow, short as any dream Brief as the lightning in the collied night, That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth, And ere a man hath power to say,-Behold! The jaws of darknefs do devour it up So quick bright things come to confusion. Her. If then true lovers have been ever crofs'd, It stands as an edict in destiny Then let us teach our trial patience, Because it is a customary crofs As due to love, as thoughts, and dreams, and sighs, Wishes, and tears, poor fancy's followers. Lys. A good persuasion therefore, hear me, Hermia. 1 have a widow aunt, a dowager Of great revenue, and she hath no child From Athens is her house remote seven leagues And she respects me as her only son. There, gentle Hermia, may I marry thee And to that place the sharp Athenian law Cannot pursue us If thou lov'st me then, Steal forth thy father's house to-morrow night And in the wood, a league without the town, Where 1 did meet thee once with Helena, To do observance to a morn of May, There will 1 stay for thee. Her. My good Lysander I swear to thee, by Cupid's strongest bow By his best arrow with the golden head By the simplicity of Venus' doves By that which knitteth souls, and prospers loves And by that fire which burn'd thé Carthage queen. When the false Trojan under sail was seen By all the vows that ever men have broke, In number more than ever women spoke In that same place thou hast appointed me, To-morrow truly will 1 meet with thee. Lys. Keep promise, love Look, here cornes Helena. Enter Helena. Her. God speed, fair Helena! Whither away? Hel. Call you me fair? that fair again unsay. Demetrius loves your fair 0 happy fair Your eyes are Iode-stars and your tongue's sweet air More tuneable than lark to shepherd's ear, When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear. Sicknefs is catching 0, were favour so Your's would 1 catch, fair Hermia, ere 1 go My ear should catch your voice, my eye your eye, My tongue should catch your tongue's sweet melody. Were the world mine, Demetrius being bated, The rest Fil give to be to you translated. 0, teach me how you look and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius' heart. Her. 1 frown upon him, yet he loves me still. 0, that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill Her. 1 give him curses, yet he gives me love. Hel. 0, that my prayers could such affection move! Her. The m.ore 1 hate, the more he follows me. 7~. The more 1 love, the more he hateth me. His folly, Helena, is no fault of mine. Hel. None, but your beauty 'Would that fault were mine 'A Her. Take comfort he no more shall see my face Lysander and myself will fly this place.-Before the time 1 did Lysander see, Seem'd Athens as a paradise to me 0 then, what graces in my love do dwell, That he hath turn'd a heaven unto a hell! Lys. Helen, to you our minds we will unfold To-morrow night when Phoebe doth behold Her silver visage in the wat'ry glafs, Decking with liquid pearl the bladed grafs, A time that lovers' flights doth still conceal, Through Athens' gates have we devis'd to steal. Her. And in the wood, where often you and 1 Upon faint primrose-beds were wont to lie, Emptying our bosoms of their counsel sweet There my Lysander and myself shall meet And thence, from Athens, turn away our eyes, To seek new friends and stranger companies. Farewell, sweet playfellow pray thou for us, And good luck grant thee thy Demetrius Keep word, Lysander we must starve our sight Frorn lovers' food, till morrow deep midnight. ~r~ j. 1 will, my Hermia.-Helena, adieu As you on him, Demetrius dote on you! ~~ Lysander. How happy some, o'er other some, can be! Through Athens 1 am thought as fair as she. But what ofthat? Demetrius thinks not so He will not know what aIl but he do know. And as he errs, doting on Hermia's eyes, So I, admiring ofhis qualities. Things base and vile, holding no quantity, Love can transpose to form and dignity. Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind And therefbre is wing'd Cupid painted blind Nor hath love's mind of any judgment taste Wings, and no eyes, figure unheedy haste And therefore is love said to be a child, Because in choice he is so oft beguil'd. As waggish boys in game themselves forswear, So thé boy love is perjur'd every where For ere Demetrius look'd on Hermia's eyne, He hail' d down oaths, that he was only mine And when this hail some heat from Hermia felt, So he difsolv'd, and showers of oaths did melt. 1 will go tell him of fair Hermia's flight Then to the wood will he, to-morrow night, Pursue her and for this intelligence If 1 have thanks, it is a dear expence But herein mean 1 to enrich my pain, To have his sight thither, and back again. ~M. ~CJ~~ THE SAME. A ROOMIN A COTTAGE. Enter ~M~ ~c~c~~ T~M~ ~~M~ Quince, and Starveling. ~Mz~. Is all our company here? Bot. You were best to call them generally, man by man, according to the scrip. ~7Z. Here is the scroll of every man's name, which is thought fit, through all Athens, to play in our inter-lude before the duke and duchefs, on his wedding-day at night. Bot. First, good Peter Quince, say what the play treats on then read the names of the actors and so grow to a point. Quin. Marry, our play is-The most lamentable comedy, and most cruel death of Pyramus and Thisby. Bot. A very good piece of work, 1 afsure you, and a merry.-New, good Peter Quince, call forth your actors by the scroll Masters, spread yourselves. Answer, as 1 call you.-Nick Bottom, the weaver. Bot. Ready Name what part 1 am for, and proceed. ~M~z. You, Nick Bottom, are set down for Pyramus. Bot. What is Pyramus? a lover, or a tyrant? A lover, that kills himself most gallantly for love. That will ask some tears in the true performing of it If 1 do it, let the audience look to their eyes 1 will move storms, 1 will condole in some measure. To the rest -Yet my chief humour is for a tyrant 1 could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in, to make all split. The raging rocks, With shivering shocks, Shall break, the locks Of prison-gates And Phibbus' car Shall shine from far, And make and mar Thé foolish fates. This was lofty!-Now name the rest ofthe players. This is Ercles' vein, a tyrant's vein a lover is more con-doling. P~. Francis Flute, the bellows-mender. Flu. Here, Peter Quince. Quin. You must take Thisby on you. Flu. What is Thisby? a wandering knight? Quin. It is the lady that Pyramus must love. Flu. Nay, faith, let me not play a woman 1 have a beard coming. ~M~. That's all one you shall play it in a mask, and you may speak as small as you will. Bot. An 1 may hide my face, let me play Thisby too l'Il speak in a monstrous little voice -7~~ T M~-Pyramus, my lover dear thy 7~ dear and lady dear! ~M~. No, no you must play Pyramus, and, Flûte, you Thisby. Bot. Well, proceed. ~MMZ. Robin Starveling, thé tailor. 6~. Here, Peter Quince. ~Mm. Robin Starveling, you must playThisby's mother. -Tom Snout, thé tinker. Snout. Here, Peter Quince. ~M~. You, Pyramus's fathcr myself, Thisby's father -Snug, the joiner, you, the lion's part -and, 1 hope, here is a play fitted. Snug. Have you the lion's part written? pray you, if it be, give it me, for 1 am slow of study. ~M~. You may do it extempore, for it is nothing but roaring. Let me play the lion too 1 will roar, that 1 will do any man's heart good to hear me 1 will roar, that 1 will make thé duke say, Let him roar again, let him roar again. ~M~. An you should do it too terribly, you would fright thé duchefs and the ladies, that they would shriek and that were enough to hang us all. That would hang us every mother's son. Bot. 1 grant you, friends, if that you should fright thé ladies out oftheirwits, they would have no more discretion but to hang us but 1 will aggravate my voice so, that 1 will roar you as gently as any sucking dove 1 will roar you an 'twere any nightingale. You can play no part but Pyramus for Pyramus is a sweet-faced man a proper man, as one shall see in a summer's day a most lovely, gentleman-like man there-fore you must needs play Pyramus. Bot. Well, 1 will undertake it. What beard were 1 best to play it in? Quin. Why, what you will. Bot. 1 will discharge it in either your straw-coloured beard, your orange~tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your French-crown-colour beard, your perfect yellow. ~m'M. Some of your French crowns have no hair at all, and then you will playbare-faced.-But, masters, here are your parts and 1 am to entreat you, request you, and desire you, to con them by to-morrow night and meet me in thé palace wood, a mile without the town, by moon-light there will we rehearse for if we meet in the city, we shall be dog'd with company, and our devices known. In the mean time, 1 will draw a bill of properties, such as our play wants. 1 pray you, fail me not. Bot. We will meet and there we may rehearse more obscenely, and courageously. Take pains be perfect adieu. Quin. At the duke's oak we meet. Bol. Enough Hold, or eut bow-strings. ~M~. ~c~r II ~c~~ I A WOOD NEAR ATHENS. Enter a Fairy one door, and P~c~ another. P~. How now, spirit! whither wander you? Fai. Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough briar, Over park, over pale, Thorough flood, thorough fire, 1 do wander every where, Swifter than the moones sphère And 1 serve the fairy queen, To dew her orbs upon the green The cowslips tall her pensioners be In their gold coats spots you sec Those be rubies, fairy favours, In those freckles live their savours. 1 must go seek some dew-drops here, And hang a pearl in every cowslip's ear. Farewell, thou lob of spirits, l'il be gone Our queen and all her elves corne here anon. P~. The king doth keep his revels here to-night Take heed, the queen come not within his sight. For Oberon is pafsing fell and wrath, Because that she, as her attendant, hath . A~~ ,~f,lià 'r'i ~b.'V,O~ . f.w~ .~?. r~ V. r~ ' 'W A lovely boy, stol'n from an Indian king She never had so sweet a changeling And jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his train, to trace the forests wild But she, perforce, withhoids the loved boy, Crowns him with flowers, and makes him all her joy And now they never meet in grove, or green, By fountain clear, or spangled star-light sheen, But they do square that ail their elves, for fear, Creep into acorn cups, and hide them there. Either 1 mistake your shape and making quite, Or eise you are that shrewd and knavish sprite, Call'd Robin Good-fellow are you not he, That fright the maidens of the villag'ry Skim milk and sometimes labour in the quern, And bootlefs make the breathlefs housewife churn And sometime make the drink to bear no barm Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm? Those that Hobgoblin call you, and sweet Puck, You do their work, and they shall have good luck Are not you he? Puck. Thou speak'st aright 1 am that merry wanderer of the night. 1 jest to Oberon, and make him smile, When 1 a fat and bean-fed horse beguile, Neighing in likenefs of a silly foal And sometime lurk 1 in a gofsip's bowl, In very likenefs of a roasted crab And, when she drinks, against her lips 1 bob, And on her wither'd dew-lap pour the ale. The wisest aunt, telling the saddest tale, Sometime for three-foot stool mistaketh me Then slip 1 from her bum, down topples she, And ~~cr cries, and falls into a cough And then the whole quire hold their hips, and loffe And waxen in their mirth, and neeze, and swear A merrier hour was never wasted there.-But room, Faery, here comes Oberon. Fai. And here my mistrefs Would that he were gone jEy~r Oberon, a~ one ~c?~ zvith his train, and T~~yz~, z~c~~r~ z~~A lters. Obe. Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. 7~ What,jealous0beron? Fairy, skiphence 1 have forsworn his bed and company. Obe. Tarry, rash wanton Am not 1 thy lord? 71~. Then 1 must be thy lady But 1 know When thou hast stoFn away from fairy land, And in the shape of Corin sat all day, Playing on pipes of corn, and versing love To amorous Phillida. Why art thou here, Corne from thé farthest steep of India ? But that, forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, Your buskin'd mistrefs, and your warrior love, To Theseus must be wedded and you come To give their bed joy and prosperity. Obe. How canst thou thus, for shame, Titania, Glance at my credit with Hippolyta, Knowing 1 know thy love to Theseus ? Didst thou not lead him through the glimmering night From Perigenia, whom he ravished? And make him with fair ~Eglë break his faith, With Ariadne, and Antiopa? 7~. These are the forgeries of jealousy And never, since the middle summer's spring, Met we on hill, in dale, forest, or mead, By paved fbuntain, or by rushy brook, Or on the beached margent of the sea, To dance our ringlets to thé whistling wind, But with thy brawls thou hast disturb'd our sport. Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain, As in revenge have suck'd up from the sea Contagious fogs which falling in the land, Have every pelting river made so proud, That they have overborne their continents The ox hath therefore stretch'd his yokc in vain, The ploughman lost his sweat and thé green corn Hath rotted, ere his youth attain'd a beard The fold stands empty in the drowned field, And crows are fatted with the murrain flock The nine-men's morris is fill'd up with mud And thé quaint mazes in the wanton green, For lack of tread, are undistinguishable The human mortals want their winter here No night is now with hymn or carol blest -Therefore the moon, the governefs of floods, Pale in her anger, washes all the air, That rheumatic diseases do abound And, thorough this distemperature, we see Thé seasons alter hoary-headed frosts Fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose And on old Hyems' chin, and icy crown, An odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds Is, as in mockery, set The spring, the summer, The childing autumn, ang-ry winter, change Their wonted liveries and the 'mazed world, By their increase, now knows not which is which And this same progeny of evils comes From our debate, from our difsension We are their parents and original. Obe. Do you amend it then it lies in you Why sliould Titania crofs her Oberon? 1 do but beg a little changeling boy, To be my henchman. 7~ Set your heart at rest, The fairy land buys not the child of me. His mother was a vot'refs of my order And, in the spiced Indian air, by night, Full often hath she gofsip' d by my side And sat with me on Neptune's yellow sands, Marking the embarked traders on the fiood When we have laugh'd to see thé sails conceive, And grow big-bellied, with the wanton wind Which she, with pretty and with swimming gait, Following her womb, then rich with my young 'squire, Would imitate and sail upon the land, To fetch me triues, and return again, As from a voyage, rich with merchandize. But she, being mortal, of that boy did die And, for her saké 1 do rear up her boy And, for her sake, 1 will not part with him. Obe. How long within this wood intend you stay? 7z' Perchance, till after Theseus' wedding-day. If you will patiently dance in our round, And see our moonlight revels, go with us If not, shun me, and 1 will spare your haunts. Obe. Give me that boy, and 1 will go with thee. 7~ Not for thy kingdom.-Faeries, away We shall chide downright, if I.onger stay. J~z~ Tz~~M, and her train. Obe. Well, go thy way thou shalt not from this grove, Till 1 torment thee for this injury.-My gentle Puck, corne hither Thou remember'st Since once 1 sat upon a promontory, And heard a mermaid, on a dolphin's back, Uttering such dulcet and harmonious breath, That the rude sea grew civil at her song And certain stars shot madly from their spheres, To hear the sea-maid's music. PM~. 1 remember. Obe. That very time 1 saw, but thou could'st not, Flying between the cold moon and the earth, Cupid all arm'd a certain aim he took At a fair vestal, throned by the west, And loos'd his love-shaft smartly from his bow, As it should pierce a hundred thousand hearts But 1 might see young Cupid's fiery shaft Quench'd in the chaste beams of the wat'ry moon And the imperial vot'refs pafsed on, In maiden meditation, fancy-free. Yet mark'd 1 where the boit of Cupid fell It fell upon a little western flower, Before, milk-white now purple with love's wound,-And maidens call it, love-in-idlenels. Fetch me that flower the herb 1 show' d thee once Thejuice of it, on sleeping eyelids laid, Will make or man or woman madly dote Upon the next live creature that it sees. Fetch me this herb and be thou here again, Ere the leviathan can swim a league. Pï~. l'il put a girdle round about the earth In forty minutes. ~~Pz~. Obe. Having once this juice, l'U. watch Titania when she is asleep, And drop thé liquor of it in her eyes The next thing then she waking looks upon, Be it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull, On meddling monkey, or on busy ape, She shall pursue it with the soul of love. And ere 1 take this charm off from her sight, As 1 can take it with another herb, l'Il make her render up her page to me. But who cornes here? 1 am invisible And 1 will overhear their conference. Enter n~ ~~ 2~~ï~~ him. Dem. 1 love thee not, therefore pursue me not. Where is Lysander, and fair Hermia? The one I'll slay, the other slayeth me. Thou told'st me, they were stol'n into this wood, And here am I, and wood within this wood, Because 1 cannot meet with Hermia. Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more. Hel. You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant But yet you draw not iron, for my heart Is true as steel Leave you your power to draw, And 1 shall have no power to follow you. Dem. Do 1 entice you? Do 1 speak you fair? Or, rather, do 1 not in plainest truth Tell you-1 do not, nor 1 cannot love you? Hel. And even for that do 1 love you the more. 1 am your spaniel and, Demetrius, The more you beat me, 1 will fawn on you Use me but as your spaniel, spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, lose me only give me leave, Unworthy as 1 am, to follow you. What worser place can 1 beg in your love, And yet a place of high respect with me, Than to be used as you use your dog? Dem. Tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit For 1 am sick, when 1 do look on thee. Hel. And 1 am sick, when 1 look not on you. Dem. You do impeach your modesty too much, To leave the city, and commit yourself Into the hands of one that loves you not To trust the opportunity of night, And the ill counsel of a desert place, With thé rich worth of your virginity. 7~. Your virtue is my privilege for that. It is not night, when 1 do see your face, Therefore 1 think 1 am not in the night Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company For you, in my respect, are all the world Then how can it be said, I am alone, When all the world is here to look on me ? D ni run from thee, and hide me in the brakes, And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts. The wildest hath not such a heart as you. Run when you will, the story shall be chang'd Apollo flies, and Daphne holds the chase The dove pursues the griffin the mild hind Makes speed to catch thé tiger Bootlefs speed! When cowardice pursues, and valour flies. Dem. 1 will not stay thy questions let me go Or, if thou follow me, do not believe But 1 shall do thee mischief in the wood. Ay, in the temple, in the town, thé field, You do me mischief. Fye, Demetrius Your wrongs do set a scandai on my sex We cannot fight for love, as men may do We should be woo'd, and were not made to woo. l'Il follow thee, and make a heaven of hell, To die upon the hand 1 love so well. jE~M?~ Z~~rM~ and Helena. Obe. Fare thee well, nymph ere he do leave this grove, Thou shalt fly him, and he shall seek thy love.-Re-enter P~. Hast thou the flower there? Welcome, wanderer. P~. Ay, there it is. Obe. 1 pray thee, give it me. 1 know a bank whereon the wild thyme blows, Where ox-lips and the nodding violet grows Quite over-canopied with lush woodbine, With sweet musk-roses, and with eglantine There sleeps Titania, some time ofthe night, Luil'd in these flowers with dances and delight And there the snake throws her enamel'd skin, Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in And with the juice of this l'H streak her eyes, And make her full of hateful fantasies. Take thou some of it, and seek through this grove A sweet Athenian lady is in love With a disdainful youth anoint his eyes But do it, when the next thing he espies May be the lady Thou shalt know the man By the Athenian garments he hath on. Effect it with some care that he may prove More fond on her, than she upon her love And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow. M. Fear not, my lord, your servant shall do so. 2~ ~CjE~jE III ANOTHER PART OF THE WOOD. Enter 7~~ train. 7~. Corne, now a roundel, and a fairy song Then, for the third part of a minute, hence Some, to kill cankers in the musk-rose buds Some, war with rear-mice for their leathern wings, To make my small elves coats and some, keep back The clamorous owl, that nightly hoots, and wonders At our quaint spirits Sing me now asleep Then to your offices, and let me rest. SONC. 1 Fai. ~M spotted snakes, with ~M~~ ~~ ~ T~cr~ hedge-hogs, be not seen and blind-worms, do no ~rc~g Come not near CM~ CHORUS. Plcilomel, ~~A melody, Sing in our sweet lullaby Z~ lulla, lulla, lulla, lullaby Never harm, nor nor charm, Come our lovely lady So, good night, zvith 2Fai. Weaving ~~r~ come not here Hence, you CMg' J~f~ hence Beetles black, z~c~ not near nor snail, do no ~7Z~. Philomel, with melody, c. 1 Hence, away now all i s well One, aloof, stand sentinel. Obe. What thou seest, when thou dost wake, Do it for thy true love take Love, and languish for his saké Be it ounce, or cat, or bear, Pard, or boar with bristled hair, In thy eye that shall appear When thou wak'st, it is thy dear Wake,'when some vile thing is near. ~r~. Enter Lysander and Hermia. Lys. Fair love, you faint with wandering in the wood And to speak troth, 1 have forgot our way We'n rest us, Hermia, if you think it good, And tarry for the comfort of the day. II. CHORUS. jE'~M?z~ Fairies. Titania sleeps. Enter Oberon. ~M~Z~J ~Z~~ on y~M!~ ~6-Be it so, Lysander find you out a bed, For 1 upon this bank will rest my head. Lys. One turf shall serve as pillow for us both One heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one troth. Nay, good Lysander for my sake, my dear, Lie further off yet, do not lie so near. Lys. 0, take the sense, sweet, of my innocence Loves takes the meaning, in love's conference. 1 mean, that my heart unto yours is knit So that but one heart we can make of it Two bosoms interchained with an oath So then, two bosoms, and a single troth. Then, by your side no bed-room me deny For, lying so, Hermia, 1 do not lie. Her. Lysander riddles very prettily Now much beshrew my manners and my pride, If Hermia meant to say, Lysander lied. But, gentle friend, for love and courtesy Lie further off in human modesty Such separation, as, may well be said, Becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid So far be distant and good night, sweet friend Thy love ne'er alter, till thy sweet life end! Lys. Amen, amen, to that fair prayer, say 1 And then end life, when 1 end loyalty Here is my bed sleep give thee all his rest! Her. With half that wish the wisher's eyes be prefs'd! sleep. r, !m! ~I r' II, ~ 'f'' I~ I ~t! r ' I II'IIIII III!I 'l' '111 ¡ IIIU Jlil iI,!P lllli'liii,lI ¡'¡II'1!III¡¡~I¡I .1 '1IIIII ql l!ll!flllllll!¡ IIIIIII t 'i'111i11i~~III 'I i I' I I ti~ 'L' I~' i l' W'III' ' t! .j'f.wj! ?.' Ï l' Jf..IT ~rJi¡~~fir ,¡ 1 1 , ', ,.rA'A ~iff 1'1 ¡ Il ,¡II¡' ,¡ ¡I III' l,' j ~y. !f~ y' ~w ' .J~ ¡ ~ - . r'y, J ! ~yj~ Enter Puck. ~M~. Through the forest have 1 gone, But Athenian found 1 none, On whose eyes 1 might approve This flower's force in stirring love. Night and silence who is here? Weeds of Athens he doth wear This is he, my master said, Despised the Athenian maid And here the maiden, sleeping sound, On the dank and dirty ground. Pretty soul she durst not lie Near this lack-love, kill-courtesy. Churl, upon thy eyes 1 throw Ail the power this charm doth owe When thou wak'st, let love forbid Sleep his seat on thy eye-lid. So awake, when 1 am gone For 1 must now to Oberon. 2M. Enter Demetrius and Helena, running. 7~ Stay, though thou kill me, sweet Demetrius. Dem. 1 charge thee, hence, and do not haunt me thus. 0, wilt thou darkling leave me? do not so. Dem. Stay, on thy péril 1 alone will go. ~MZ~~M~. 7~ 0, 1 am out of breath, in this fond chase The more my prayer, the lefser is my grace. Happy is Hermia, wheresoe'er she lies For she hath blefsed, and attractive eyes. How came her eyes so bright? Not with salt tears If so, my eyes are oftner wash'd than hers. No, no, 1 am as ugly as a bear For beasts that meet me, run away for fear Therefore, no marvel, though Demetrius Do, as a monster, fly my presence thus. What wicked and difsembling glafs of mine Made me compare with Hermia's sphery eyne?-But who is here? Lysander on the ground Dead? or asieep? 1 see no blood, no wound -Lysander, if you live, good sir, awake. Lys. And run through fire 1 will, for thy sweet sake. ~~g'. Transparent Helena Nature hère shows art, That through thy bosom makes me see thy heart. Where is Demetrius ? 0, how fit a word Is that vile name, to perish on my sword! Hel. Do not say so, Lysander say not so What though he love your Hermia? Lord, what though? Yet Hermia still loves you then be content. Lys. Content with Hermia ? No 1 do repent The tedious minutes 1 with her have spent. Not Hermia, but Helena 1 love Who will not change a raven for a dove ? The will of man is by his reason sway'd And reason says you are the worthier maid. Things growing are not ripe until their season So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason And touching now the point of human skill, Reason becomes the marshal to my will, And leads me to your eyes where 1 o'erlook Love's stories, written in love's richest book. J~ Wherefore was 1 to this keen mockery born ? When, at your hands, did 1 deserve this scorn? Is't not enough, is't not enough, young man, That 1 did never, no, nor never can, Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius' eye, But you must flout my insufEciency? Good troth, you do me wrong, good sooth, you do, In such disdainful manner me to woo. But fare you well perforce 1 must confels, 1 thought you lord of more true gentlene~. 0, that a lady, of one man refus'd, Should, of another, therefore be abus'd! jË'~7. Lys. She sees not Hermia -Hermia, sleep thou there And never may'st thou corne Lysander near! For, as a surfeit of the sweetest things The deepest loathing to the stomach brings Or, as the heresies, that men do leave, Are hated most of those they did deceive So thou, my surfeit, and my heresy, Of all be hated but the most of me And all my powers, addrefs your love and might, To honour Helen, and to be her knight 2'M. 7~ ~y~ Help me, Lysander help me! do thy best, To pluck this crawling serpent from my breast! Ah me, for pity!-what a dream was hère? Lysander, look, how 1 do quake with fear Methought, a serpent eat my heart away, And you sat smiling at his cruel prey Lysander what, remov'd? Lysander! lord! What out ofhearing? gone? no sound, no word? Alack, where are you? speak, an if you hear Speak, of all loves 1 swoon almost with fear. No a then 1 well perceive you are not nigh Either death, or you, ni find immediately. jE'~7. C 7 III ~CjE~ THE SAME. THE QUEEN 0F FAIRIES LYING ASLEEP. Enter Snug, Bottom, ~M~ ~ ?M~ and Starveling. Bot. Are we all met ? Quin. Pat, pat and here's a marvellous convenient place for our rehearsal This green plot shall be our stage, this hawthorn brake our tyring-house and we will do it in action, as we will do it before the duke. Bot. Peter Quince,-9m~. What say'st thou, bully Bottom ? There are things in this comedy of ~'r~~ and that will never please. First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself which the ladies cannot abide. How answer you that? Snout. By'rlakin, a parlous fear. Star. 1 believe, we must leave the killing out, when all is done. Bot. Not a whit 1 have a device to make all well. Write me a prologue and let the prologue seem to say, we will do no harm with our swords and that Pyramus is not kill'd indeed and, for thé more better afsurance, tell them, that 1 Pyramus am not Pyramus, but Bottom the weaver This will put them out of fear. Quin Well, we will have such a prologue and it shall be written in eight and six. No, make it two more let it be written in eight and eight. Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion ? Star. 1 fear it, 1 promise you. ~c~. Masters, you ought to consider with yourselves to bring in, God shield us a lion among ladies, is a most dreadful thing for there is not a more fearful wild-fowl than your lion, living and we ought to look to it. Therefore, another prologue must tell, he is not a lion. Nay you must name his name, and half his face must be seen through the lion's neck and he himself must speak through, saying thus, or to the same détecta-Ladies~ or fair ladies, 1 would wish you, or, 1 would request you, or, 1 would entreat you, not to fear, not to tremble my life for yours. If you think 1 come hither as a lion, it were pity of my life No 1 am no such thing 1 am a man as other men are -and there, indeed, let him name his name and tell them plainly, he is Snug the joiner. Well, it shall be so. But there is two hard things that is, to bring the moon-light into a chamber for you know, Pyramus and Thisby meet by moon-light. Snug. Doth the moon shine, that night we play our play? A calendar, a calendar look in the almanack find out moon-shine, find out moon-shine. Yes, it doth shine that night. Bot. Why, then you may leave a casement of the great chamber window, where we play, open and the moon may shine in at the casement. Quin. Ay or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lantern, and say, he cornes to disfigure, or to present, the person of moon-shine. Then, there is another thing we must have a wall in the great chamber for Pyramus and Thisby, says the story, did talk through the chink of a wall. Snug. You can never bring in a wall.-What say you, Bottom? Bot. Some man or other must present wall and let him have some plaster, or some lome, or some rough-cast about him, to signify wall or let him hold his fingers thus, and through that cranny shall Pyramus and Thisby whisper. Quin. If that may be, then all is well. Corne, sit down, every mother's son, and rehearse your parts. Pyramus, you begin when you have spoken your speech, enter into that brake and so every one according to his cue. Enter P~c~ behind. P~. What hempen home-spuns have we swaggering here, So near the cradle of the fairy queen ? What, a play toward? I'll be an auditor An actor too, perhaps, if 1 see cause. Quin. Speak, Pyramus -Thisby, stand forth. Pyr. T~M~ the flowers of odious savours m' ~M~. Odours, odours. Pyr. -c~M~ savours sweet ~~A thy breath, my dearest T~M~ dear. But, hark, a voice! thou but here a while, and by I will to thee appear. ~ A stranger Pyramus than e'er play'd here! ~j~jË' 7~ Must 1 speak now? ~Mi~. Ay, marry, must you for you must understand, he goes but to see a noise that he heard, and is to corne again. This. Most radiant Pyramus, most Qf colour the red rose on ~M brier, Most ~M~M~ and ~ ? most ~ As true as truest horse, that yet would never tire, 7 meet Pyramus, at ~j ~?~. ~M~. Ninus' tomb, mari Why you must not speak that yet that you answer to Pyramus you speak all your part at once, eues and ail.-Pyramus enter your eue is past it is, never 7~ FMC~ and Bottom !~i! an afs's head. 77~. 0, M ~M~~ horse, tlcat yet !~M~ never tire. Pyr. 7~ 7lM~ ?~ ~M~. O monstrous O strange we are haunted. Pray, masters fly, masters help jE'.m~ Clowns. P~. l'il follow you, I'll lead you about a round, Through bog, through bush, through brake, through brier Sometime a horse Fil be, sometime a hound, A hog, a headlefs bear, sometime a fire And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn, Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn. jE' Bot. Why do they run away? this is a knavery of them, to make me afeard. Re-enter Snout. 0 Bottom, thou art changed! what do 1 see on thee ? Bot. What do you see ? you see an afs' head of your own Do you? Re-ent-er Ouince. Quin. Blels thee, Bottom blels thee thou art trans-lated. jE' Bot. 1 see their knavery this is to make an afs of me to fright me, if they could. But 1 will not stir from this place, do what they can 1 will walk up and down hère, and 1 will sing, that they shall hear 1 am not afraid. sings. 7~ CM~-CCC~ so ~~Z~ C~7~ bill, 7~~ throstle with his note so 7~ ~~yz with little ~M~7 71~. What angel wakes me from my flowery bed? i~ Bot. 7~c ~ the sparrozo, and the lark, The ~m-g' cMc~ ? gray, ~c~ note full many a man doth mark, And dares not y~ for, indeed, who would set his wit to so foolish a bird ? who would give a bird the lie, though he cry, cuckoo, never so? 7z' 1 pray thee, gentle mortal, sing again Mine ear is much enamour'd of thy note, So is mine eye enthralled to thy shape And thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me, On the first view, to say, to swear, 1 love thee. Bot. Methinks, mistrefs, you should have little reason for that And yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company together now-a-days The more the pity, that some honest neighbours will not maloe them friends. Nay, 1 can gleek, upon occasion. 7~ Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful. Bot. Not so, neither but if I had wit enough to get out of this wood, 1 have enough to serve mine own turn. 7~. Out of this wood do not desire to go Thou shalt remain here whether thou wilt or no. 1 am a spirit, of no common rate The summer still doth tend upon my state, And 1 do love thee therefore, go with me l'il give thee fairies to attend on thee And they sliall fetch thee jewels from thé deep, And sing, while thou on prefsed flowers dost sleep And 1 will purge thy mortal grofsnefs so, That thou shalt like an airy spirit go.-Peas-blofsom! Cobweb! Moth! andMustard-seed! 1 Fai. Ready. AndL ~z. AndI. 4 Fai. Where shall we go? Be kind and courteous to this gentleman Hop in hiswalks, and gambolinhis eyes Feed him with apricocks, and dewberries, With purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries The honey-bags steal from the humble-bees, And, for night tapers, crop their waxen thighs, And light them at thé fiery glow-worm's eyes, To have my love to bed, and to arise And pluck thé wings from painted bntterflies, To fan the moon-beams from his sleeping eyes Nod to him, elves, and do him courtesies. 1 Fai. Hail, mortal! 2 Fai. Hail Hail! 4~ Hail! Bot. 1 cry your worships mercy, heartily.-I beseech, your worship's name ? Cob. Cobweb. jS~. 1 shall desire you of more acquaintance, good mas-ter Cobweb If 1 eut my finger, 1 shall make bold with you.-Your name, honest gentleman? Peas. Peas-blofsom. 1 pray you, commend me to mistrefs Squash, your jE~r~M~ j~M~y. mother, and to master Peascod, your father. Good master Peas-blofsom,Ishall desire you of more acquaintance too. -Your name, 1 beseech you, sir? ~ j. Mustard-seed. Bot. Good master Mustard-seed, 1 know your patience well that same cowardly, giant-like, ox-beef hath de-voured many a gentleman of your house 1 promise you, your Idndred hath made my eyes water ere now. 1 desire you more acquaintance, good master Mustard-seed. 7~. Corne, wait upon him lead him to my bower. The nioon, methinks, looks with a wat'ry eye And when she weeps, weeps every little flower, Lamenting some enforced chastity. Tie up my love's tongue, bring him silently. jË~ c~~ II ANOTHER PART OF THE WOOD. Enter Oberon. Obe. 1 wonder, if Titania be awak'd Then, what it was that next came in her eye, Whicli she must dote on in extremity. Enter ~M Here comes my mefsenger.-How now, mad spirit? What night-rule now about this haunted grove ? Puclc. My mistrefs with a monster is in love. Near to her close and consecrated bower, While she was in her dull and sleeping hour, A crew of patches, rude mechanicals, That work for bread upon Athenian stalls, Were met together to rehearse a play, Intended for great Theseus' nuptial day. The shallowest thick-skin of that barren sort, Who Pyramus presented, in their sport Forsook his scene, and enter'd in a brake When 1 did him at this advantage take, An afs's nowl 1 fixed on his head Anon, his Thisbe must be answered, And forth my mimic comes When they him spy, As wild geese that the creeping fowler eye, Or rufset-pated choughs, many in sort, Rising and cawing at the gun's report Sever themselves, and madly sweep the sky So, at his sight, away his fellows fly And, at our stamp, here o'er and o'er one falls He murder cries, and help from Athens calls. Their sense, thus weak, lost with their fears, thus strong, Made senselefs things begin to do them wrong For briers and thorns at their apparel snatch Some, sleeves some, hats from yielders all things catch. 1 led them on in this distracted fear, And left sweet Pyramus translated there When in that moment so it came to pafs, Titania wak'd, and straightway lov'd an afs. Obe. This falls out better than 1 could devise. But hast thou yet latch'd the Athenian's eyes With the love-juice, as 1 did bid thee do? Puck. 1 took him sleeping,-that is finish'd too, And the Athenian woman by his side That, when he wak'd, of force she must be ey'd. Enter Z~~y~j and Hermia. Obe. Stand close this is the same Athenian. PM i. This is the woman, but not this the man. ~y~. 0, why rebuke you him that loves you so? Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe. Her. Now 1 but chide, but 1 should use thee worse For thou, 1 fear, hast given me cause to curse. If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep, Being o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep, And kill me too. The sun was not so true unto thé day, As he to me Would he have stol'n away From sleeping Hermia? l'Il believe as soon, This whole earth may be bor'd and that the moon May through the center creep, and so displease Her brother's noon-tide with thé Antipodes. It cannot be, but thou hast murder'd him So should a murderer look so dead, so grim. Dem. So should thé murder'd look and so should I, Pierc'd through the heart with your stern cruelty Yet you, thé murderer, look as bright, as clear, As yonder Venus in her glimmering sphere. 7~. What's this to my Lysander? where is he? Ah, good Demetrius, wilt thou give him me? Dem. 1 had rather give his carcase to rny hounds. Her. Out, dog! out, cur! thou driv'st me past the bounds Of maiden's patience. Hast thou slain him then? Henceforth be never number'd among men! 0' once tell true, tell true, even for my sake Durst thou have look'd upon him, being awake, And hast thou kilFd him sleeping? 0 brave touch! Could not a worm, an adder, do so much? An adder did it for with doubler tongue Than thine, thou serpent, never adder stung. Dem. You spend your pafsion on a mispris'd mood 1 am not guilty of Lysander's blood Nor Is he dead, for aught that 1 can tell. Her. 1 pray thee, tell me then that he is well. ~ M. An if 1 could, what should 1 get therefbrc ? Her. A privilege, never to see me more. And from thy hated presence part 1 so See me no more, whether he be dead or no. 2~. Dem. There is no following her in this fierce vein Here, therefore, for a while 1 will remain. So sorrow~s heavinefs doth heavier grow For debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe Which now in some slight measure it will pay, If for his tender hère 1 make some stay. lies down. Obe. What hast thou done? thou hast mistaken quite, And laid thé love-juice on some true-love's sight Of thy misprision must perforce ensue Some true love turn'd, and not a false turn'd true. 7~ Then fate o'er-rules that, one man holding troth, A million fail, confounding oath on oath. Obe. About the wood go swifter than the wind, And Helena of Athens look thou find Ail fancy-sick she is, and pale of cheer With sighs of love, that cost the fresh blood dear By some illusion see thou bring her here l'il charm his eyes, against she do appear. PM~. 1 go, 1 go look, how 1 go Swifter than arrow from the Tartar's bow. 2~. Obe. Flower of this purple die, Hit with Cupid's archery, Sink iii apple of his eye! When his love he doth espy, Let her shine as gloriously As the Venus of the sky.-When thou wak'st, if she be by, Beg of her for remedy. Re-enter Puck. Puck. Captain of our fairy band, Helena is here at hand And the youth, mistook by me, Pleading for a lover's fee Shall we their fond pageant see? Lord, what fools these mortals be! Obe. Stand aside the noise they make, Will cause Demetrius to awake. Then will two, at once, woo one That must needs be sport alone And those things do best please me, That befal preposterously. Enter Lysander and Helena. Lys. Why should you think, that 1 should woo in scorn ? Scorn and derision never corne in tears Look.whenI vow, I weep and vows so born, In their nativity all truth appears. How can these things in me seem scorn to you, Bearing the badge of faith, to prove them true? Hel. You do advance your cunning more and more. When truth kills truth, 0 devilish-holy fray! These vows are Hermia's~ Will you give her o'er? Weigh oath with oath, and you will nothing weigh Your vows, to her and me, put in two scales, Will even weigh and both as light as tales. Lys. 1 had no judgment, when to her 1 swore. Hel. Nor none, in my mind, now you give her o'er. Lys. Demetrius loves her, and he loves not you. Z~. 2ZM~ 0 Helen, goddefs, nymph, perfect, divine To what, my love, shall 1 compare thine eyne? Crystal is muddy. 0, how ripe in show Thy lips, those kifsing cherrics, tempting grow! That pure congealed white, high Taurus' snow, Fann'd with the eastern wind, turns to a crow, When thou hold'st up thy hand 0 let me kifs This princefs of pure white, this seal of blifs 0 spite 0 hell 1 see you all are bent To set against me, for your merriment. If you were civil, and knew courtesy, You would not do me thus much injury. Can you not hate me, as 1 know you do, But you must join, in souls, to mock me too? If you were men, as men you are in show, You would not use a gentle lady so To vow, and swear, and superpraise my parts, When, 1 am sure, you hate me with your hearts. You both are rivais, and love Hermia And now both rivais, to mock Helena A trim exploit, a manly enterprize, To conjure tears up in a poor maid's eyes, With your derision none, of noble sort, Would so offend a virgin and extort A poor soul's patience, all to make you sport. Lys. You are unkind, Demetrius be not so For you love Hermia this, you know, 1 know And here, with all good will, with all my heart, In Hermia's love 1 yield you up my part And yours of Helena to me bequeath, Whom 1 do love, and will do to my death. 7~. Never did mockers waste more idle breath. Dem. Lysander, keep thy Hermia 1 will none If e'er 1 lov'd her, all that love is gone. My heart with her but, as guest-wise, sojourn'd And now to Helen it is home return'd, There to remain. Lys. Helen, it is not so. Dem. Disparage not the faith thou dost not know, Lest, to thy peril, thou aby it dear. Look, where thy love comes yonder is thy dear. Enter Hermia. Her. Dark night, that from thé eye his function takes, The ear more quick of apprehension makes Wherein it doth impair the seeing sense, It pays the hearing double recompence -Thou art not by mine eye, Lysander, found Mine ear, 1 thank it, brought me to thy sound. But why unkindly did'st thou leave me so? Lys. Why should he stay, whom love doth prefs to go? Her. What love could prefs Lysander from my sidc ? Lys. Lysander's love, that would not let him bide, Fair Helena who more engilds the night Than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light. Why seek'st thou me? could not this make thee know, The hate 1 bear thee made me leave thee so? Her. You speak not as you think it cannot be. Hel. Lo, she is one ofthis confederacy! Now 1 perceive they have conjoin'd, all three, To fashion this false sport in spight of me. Injurious Hermia most ungrateful maid Have you conspir'd, have you with these contriv'd To bait me with this foui dérision? Is all the counsel that we two have shar'd, The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spent, When we have chid the hasty-footed time For parting us -0, and is all fbrgot? Ail school-days' friendship, childhood innocence ? We, Hermia, like two artificial gods, Have with our neelds created both one flower, Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, Both warbling of one song, both in one key As if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds, Had been incorporate. So we grew together, Like to a double cherry, seeming parted But yet a union in partition, Two lovely berries moulded on one stem So, with two seeming bodies, but one heart Two of the first, like coats in heraldry, Due but to one, and crowned with one crest. And will you rent our ancient love asunder, To join with men in scorning your poor friend ? It is not friendly, 'tis not maidenly Our sex, as well as 1, may chide you for it Though 1 alone do feel the injury. Her. 1 am amazed at your pafsionate words 1 scorn you not it seems that you scorn me. Hel. Have you not set Lysander, as in scorn, To follow me, and praise my eyes and face? And made your other love, Demetrius, Who éveil but now did spurn me with his foot, To call me goddefs, nymph, divine, and rare, Precious, celestial ? Wherefore speaks he this To her he hâtes ? and wherefore doth Lysander Deny your love, so rich within his soul, And tender me, forsooth, affection But by your setting on, by your consent What though 1 be not so in grace as you, So hung upon with love, so fbrtunate But miserable most, to love uniov'd? This you should pity, rather than despise. Her. 1 understand not what you mean by this. Hel. Ay, do, perséver, counterfeit sad looks, Make mows upon me when 1 turn my back Wink at each other hold the sweetjest up This sport, well carried, shall be chronicled. If you have any pity, grace, or manners, You would not make me such an argument. But, fare ye well 'tis partly mine own fault~ Which death, or absence, soon shall remedy. ~j. Stay, gentle Helena hear my excuse My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena! .? . 0 excellent! Her. Sweet, do not scorn her so. Dem. If she cannot entreat, 1 can compel. Z~ Thou canst compel no more than she entreat Thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers.-Helen, 1 love thee by my life, 1 do I swear by that which 1 will lose for thee, To prove him false, that says 1 love thee not. Dem. 1 say, 1 love thee more than he can do. Lys. If thou say so, withdraw, and prove it too. Quick, come,-Her. Lysander, whereto tends all this ? Lys. Away, you Ethiop! Dem. No, no, sir -he will Seem to break loose take on, as you would follow But yet corne not You are a tame man, go jL~. Hang off, thou cat, thou burr vile thing, let loose Or 1 will sliake thee from me, like a serpent. Her. Why are you grown so rude? what change is this, Sweet love ? jL~'j. Thy love ? out, tawny Tartar, out Out, loathed medicine! hated potion, hence! Her. Do you not jest ? 7~. Yes, 'sooth and so do you. Lys. Demetrius, 1 will keep my word with thee. 1 would, 1 had your bond for, 1 perceive, A weak bond holds you I'll not trust your word. What, should 1 hurt her, strike her, kill her dead? Although 1 hate her, I'll not harm her so. Her. What, can you do me greater harm, than hâte ? Hate me! wherefbre? 0 me! what news, my love? Am not 1 Hermia ? Are not you Lysander ? 1 am as fair now, as 1 was erewhile. Since night, you lov'd me yet, since night, you left me Why, then you left me,-0, the gods forbid!-In earnest, shall 1 say? Lys. Ay, by my life And never did desire to see thee more. Therefore, be out of hope, of question, doubt, Be certain, nothing truer 'tis nojest, That 1 do hate thee, and love Helena. Her. Orne! youjuggler! you canker-blofsom You thief of love what, have you corne by night, And stol'n my love's heart from him? Hel. Fine, ifaith! p Have you no modesty, no maiden shame, No touch ofbashfulnels ? What, will you tear Impatient answers from my gentle tongue? Fye, fye! you counterfeit, you puppet, you! Puppet! why so? Ay, that way goes the game. Now I perceive that she hath made compare Between our statures, she hath urg' d her height And with her personage, her tall personage, Her height, forsooth, she hath prevail'd with him.-And are you grown so high in his esteem, Because 1 am so dwarfish, and so low ? How low am I, thou painted maypole? speak How low am 1 ? 1 am not yet so low, But that my nails can reach unto thine eyes. I pray you, though you mock me, gentlemen, Let her not hurt me 1 was never curst 1 have no gift at ail in shrewishnels 1 am a right maid for my cowardice Let her not strike me You, perhaps, may think, Because she's something lower than myself, That 1 can match her. Her. Lower! hark, again. 7~ Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me. 1 evermore did love you, Hermia, Did ever keep your counsels, never wrong'd you Save that, in love unto Demetrius, 1 told him of your stealth unto this wood He follow'd you for love, 1 follow'd him. But he hath chid me hence and threaten'd me To strike me, spurn me, nay, to kill me too And now, so you will let me quiet go, To Athens will 1 bear my folly back, And follow you no further Let me go You see how simple and how fond I am. Her. Why, get you gone Who is't that hinders you? j~ A foolish heart, that I leave here behind. Her. What, with Lysander? Hel. With Demetrius. ~j. Be not afraid she shall not harm thee, Helena. ~x. No, sir she shall not, though you take her part. jH~. 0, when she's angry, she is keen and shrewd She was a vixen, when she went to school And, though she be but little, she is fierce. ~r. Little again? nothing but low and little?-Why will you suffer her to flout me thus? Let me come to her. Lys. Get you gone, you dwarf You minimus, of hind'ring knot-grafs made You bead, you acorn. Dem. You are too officious, In her behalf that scorns your services. Let her alone speak not of Helena Take not her part for if thou dost intend Never so little show of love to her, Thou shalt aby it. Lys. Now she holds me not Now follow, if thou dar'st, to try whose right, Or thine or mine, is most in Helena. Dem. Follow? nay, I'll go with thee, cheek by jole. ~~M~~ Lysander and ~fM~. 7~ You, mistrefs, all this coil is long ofyou Nay, go not back. 7~. I will not trust you, I Nor longer stay in your curst company. Your hands, than mine, are quicker for a fray My legs are longer though, to run away. jE' Her. 1 am amaz'd, and know not what to say. 2M~ ~Mr~~ Obe. This is thy négligence still thou mistak'st, Or else commit'st thy knaveries wilfully. jP~c~. Believe me, king ofshadows, 1 mistook. Did not you tell me, 1 should know the man By the Athenian garments he had on? And so far blamelefs proves my enterprize, That 1 have 'nointed an Athenian's eyes And so far am 1 glad it so did sort, As this theirjangling 1 esteem a sport. Obe. Thou see'st, these lovers seek a place to fight Hie therefore, Robin, overcast the night The starry welkin cover thou anon With drooping fog, as black as Acheron And lead these testy rivais so astray, As one come not within another's way. Like to Lysander sometime frame thy tongue, Then stir Demetrius up with bitter wrong And sometime rail thou like Demetrius And from each other look thou lead them thus, 'Till o'er their brows death-counterfeiting sleep With leaden legs and batty wings doth creep Then crush this herb into Lysander's eye Whose liquor hath this virtuous property, To take from thence all error, with his might, And make his eye-balls roll with wonted sight. When they next wake, all this derision Shall seem a dream, and fruitlels vision And back to Athens shall the lovers wend, With league, whose date till death shall never end. Whiles 1 in this affair do thee employ, l'Il to my queen, and beg her Indian boy And then 1 will her charmed eye release From monster's view, and all things shall be peace. PM~. My fairy lord, this must be done with haste For night's swift dragons cut the clouds full fast, And yonder shines Aurora's harbinger At whose approach, ghosts, wandering here and there, Troop home to church-yards damned spirits all, That in cross-ways and floods have burial, Already to their wormy beds are gone For fear lest day should look their shames upon, They wilfully themselves exile from light, And must for aye consort with black-brow'd night. Obe. But we are spirits of another sort 1 with the morning's love have oft made sport And, like a forester, the groves may tread, Even till the eastern gate, all fiery-red, Opening on Neptune with fair blefsed beams, Turns into yellow gold his salt-green streams. But, notwithstanding, haste make no delay We may effect this businefs yet ere day. ~M Oberon. ~M~. Up and down, up and down 1 will lead them up and down 1 am fear'd in field and town Goblin, lead them up and down, Here cornes one. Enter Lysander. Lys. Where art thou, proud Demetrius? speak thou now. PM~. Here, villain drawn and ready. Where art thou? Lys. 1 will be with thee straight. PM Follow me then To plainer ground. jE~ Lysander, voice. Enter Demetrius. Lysander! speak again. Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled? Speak. In some bush ? Where dost thou hide thy head ? ~M~. Thou coward, art thou bragging to the stars, Telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars, And wilt not corne? Corne, recreant corne, thou child l'Il whip thee with a rod He is denl'd, That draws a sword on thee. Dem. Yea art thou there ? PM Follow my voice we'Il try no rnanhood hère. 2~ ?M~. Re-enter Lysander. Lys. He goes before me, and still dares me on When 1 corne where he calls, then he is gone. The villain is much lighter-heel'd, than I 1 follow'd fast, but faster he did fly That fallen am 1 in dark uneven way, And hère will rest me. Come, thou gentle day! ~ down. For if but once thou show me thy grey light, l'Il find Demetrius, and revenge this spite. Re-enter jP~C~ and D~~6~ P~. Ho, ho! ho, ho! Coward, why com'st thou not? D~ Abide me, if thou dar'st for well 1 wot, Thou runn'st before me, shifting every place And dar'st not stand, nor look me in the face. Where art thou ? ~z~. Corne hither t am here. Dem. Nay, then thou mock'st me. Thou shalt buy this dear, If ever 1 thy face by day-light see Now, go thy way. Faintnefs constraineth me To measure out my length on this cold bed. By day's approach look to be visited. lies down and sleeps. Enter Helena. Hel. 0 weary night, 0 long and tedious night, Abate thy hours shine, comforts, from the east That 1 may back to Athens, by day-light, From these that my poor company detest And, sleep, that sometime shuts up sorrow's eye, Steal me a while from mine own company. j~~j. PM~. Yet but three ? Corne one more Two of both kinds makes up four. Here she comes, curst, and sad -Cupid is a knavish lad, Thus to make poor females mad. Enter Hermia. Her. Never so weary, never so in woe, Bedabbled with the dew, and torn with briers 1 can no further crawl, no further go My legs can keep no pace with my desires. Here will 1 rest me, till the break of day. Heavens shield Lysander, if they mean a fray! lies down. PMC~. On the ground Gentle lover, remedy. Of thy former lady's eye And thé country proverb known That every man should take his own, In your waking shall be shown Thé man shall have his mare again, and all shall be well. 2M P~Z~M~M~ Helena, ~c. sleep. Sieep sound 111 apply To your eye, squeezing the juice on eye. When thou wak'st, Thou tak'st True delight In the sight Jack shall have Jill Nought shall go ill C T 7~ ~CjE JVJ? 7 THE SAME. Enter T~ZMM and ~c~c~~ j~ attending Oberon behind, z~ 7~. Come, sit thee down upon this flowery bed, While 1 thy amiable cheeks do coy, And stick musk-roses in thy sleck smooth head, And kifs thy fair large ears, my gentle joy. Bot. Where's Peas-blofsom? Peas. Ready. Bol. Scratch my head, Peas-blolsom.-Where's mon-sieur Cobweb ? Cob. Ready. Bot. Monsieur Cobweb good monsieur, get your wea-pons in your hand, and kill me a red-hip'd humble-bee on the top of a thistle and, good monsieur, bring me the honey-bag. Do not fret yourself too much in the action, monsieur and, good monsieur, have a care the honey-bag break not 1 would be loath to have you over-flown with a honey-bag, signior.-Where's monsieur Mustard-seed? Must. Ready. Bot. Give me your neif, monsieur Mustard-seed. Pray you, leave your courtesy, good monsieur. Must. What's your will? Bot. Nothing, good monsieur, but to help cavalero Cob-web to scratch. 1 must to the barber's, monsieur for, methinks, 1 am marvellous hairy about the face and 1 am such a tender afs, if my hair do but tickle me, 1 must scratch. 71~. What, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love? Bot. 1 have a reasonable good ear in music let us have the tongs and the bones. 7~. Or, say, sweet love, what thou desir'st to eat. Bot. Truly, a peck of provender 1 could munch your good dry oats. Methinks, 1 have a great desire to a bottle of hay good hay, sweet hay, hath no fellow. 7'ita. 1 have a venturous fairy that shall seck The squirrel's hoard, and fetch thee new nuts. jSc~. 1 had rather have a handfui, or two, of dried peas. But, 1 pray you, let none of your people stir me 1 have an exposition of sleep come upon me. 7~. Sleep thou, and 1 will wind thee in my arms. Fairies, be gone, and be all ways away. So doth thé woodbine, the sweet honeysuckle, Gently entwist,-the female ivy so Enrings the barky fingers of the elm. 0, how 1 love thee! how 1 dote on thee! ~y sleep. 6~7~ ~~C ?~. ~~y PMC~. Obe. Welcome, good Robin. See'st thou this sweet sight? Her dotage now 1 do begin to pity. For meeting her of late, behind the wood, Seeking sweet savours for this hateful fool, 1 did upbraid her, and fall out with her For she his hairy temples then had rounded With coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers And that same dew, which sometime on the buds Was wont to swell, like round and orient pearls, Stood now within the pretty flourets' eyes, Like tears, that did their own disgrace bewail. When I had, at my pleasure, taunted her, And she, in mild terms, begg'd my patience, 1 then did ask of her her changeling child Which straight she gave me, and her fairy sent To bear him to my bower in fairy land. And now 1 have thé boy, 1 will undo This hateful imperfection of her eyes. And, gentle Puck, take this transformed scalp From off the head of this Athenian swain That he awaking when the other do, May all to Athens back again repair And think no more of this night's accidents, But as the fierce vexation of a dream. But first 1 will release the fairy queen. Be, as thou wast wont to be ~M~~ ~j with an ~r~. See, as thou wast wont to see Dian's bud o'er Cupid's flower Hath such force and blefsed power. Now, my Titania wake you, my sweet queen. 71~. My Oberon what visions have I seen Methought, 1 was enamour'd of an afs. Obe. There lies your love. 7'ita. How came these things to pafs? 0, how mine eyes do loath his visage now! Obe. Silence, a while.-Robin, take off this head.-Titania, music call and strike more dead Than common sleep, of all these five the sense. 7~. Music, ho! music such as charmeth sleep. Puck. Now, when thou wak'st, with thine own fool's eyes peep. Obe. Sound, music. ~7 music. Come, my queen, take hands with me, And rock th.e ground whereon these sleepers be. Now thou and 1 are new in amity And will, to-morrow midnight, solemnly, Dance in duke Theseus' house triumphandy, And ble~s it to all fair posterity There shall the pairs offaithfui levers be Wedded, with Theseus, all in jollity. P~. Fairy Idng, attend, and mark 1 do hear the morning lark. Obe. Then, my queen, in silence sad, Trip we after thé night's shade We thé globe can compals soon, Swifter than thé wand'ring moon. 7~. Corne, my lord and in our flight, Tell me how it came this night, That 1 sleeping here was found, With these mortals, on the ground. j6'~M~. ~C~J ~M ~ !M. Enter T~~M~ jM~c~~ Egeus, and train. 7~. Go, one of you, find out the fbrester For now our observation is perform'd And since we have the vaward of the day, My love shall hear the music of my hounds. Uncouple in the western valley go -Despatch, 1 say, and find the fbrester.-We will, fair queen, up to the mountain's top, And mark the musical confusion Of hounds and echo in conjunction. 1 was with Hercules, and Cadmus, once, When in a wood of Crete they bay'd the bear With hounds of Sparta never did 1 hear Such gallant chiding for, besides the grèves, The skies, the fountains, every region near Seem'daHonemutualcry 1 never heard So musical a discord, such sweet thunder. 7~. My hounds are bred out of the Spartan kind, So flew'd, so sanded and their heads are hung With ears that sweep away the morning dew Crook-knee'd, and dew-lapp'd like Thefsalian bulls Slow in pursuit, but match'd in mouth like bells, Each under each. A cry more tuneable Was never holla'd to, nor cheer'd with horn, In Crete, in Sparta, nor in Thefsaly Judge.whenyouhear.-But, soft what nymphs are these? Ege. My lord, this is my daughter here asleep And this, Lysander this Demetrius is This Helena, old Nedar's Helena 1 wonder of their being hère together. 71~. No doubt, they rose up early, to observe The rite of May and, hearing our intent, Came here in grace of our solemnity. But, speak, Egeus is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice ? jE~. It is, my lord. 7~. Go, bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns. Horns, and shout within. Demetrius, Lysander, ~WM~ and Helena, wake and start M~. 7~ Good-morrow, friends. Saint Valentine is past Begin these wood-birds but to couple now? Z~. Pardon, my lord. ~ and the rest kneel to 77~~MJ. 7~ 1 pray you all, stand up. 1 know, you two are rival enemies How cornes this gentle concord in the world, That hatred is so far fromjealousy, To sleep by hate, and fear no enmity? ~j. My lord, 1 shall reply amazedly, Half 'sleep, half waking But as yet, 1 swear, 1 cannot truly say how 1 came here But, as 1 think, for truly would 1 speak,-And now 1 do bethink me, so it is 1 came with Hermia hither our intent Was, to be gone from Athens, where we might be Without the péril of the Athenian law. j~. Enough, enough, my lord you have enough 1 beg the law, the law, upon his head.-They would have stol'n away, they would, Demetrius, Thereby to have defeated you and me You, ofyour wife and me, of my consent Ofmy consent that she should be your wife. My lord, fair Helen told me of their stealth, Of this their purpose hither, to this wood And 1 in fury hither fbilow'd them Fair Helena in fancy following me. But, my good lord, 1 wot not by what power, But by some power it is, my love to Hermia, Melted as doth thé snow, seems to me now As the remembrance of an idle gawd, Which in my childhood 1 did dote upon And all the faith, the virtue of my heart, The object, and the pleasure of mine eye, Is only Helena. To her, my lord, Was 1 betroth'd ere 1 saw Hermia But, like in sicknels, did 1 loath this food But, as in health, corne to my natural taste, Now do 1 wish it, love it, long for it, And will for evermore bc true to it. 7~. Fair lovers, you are fortunately met Of this discourse we more will hear anon.-Egeus, 1 will overbear your will For in the temple, by and by with us, These couples shall eternally be knit. And, for the morning now is something worn, Our purpos'd hunting shall be set aside.-Away, with us, to Athens Three and three, We'Il hold a feast in great solemnity.-Corne, Hippolyta. ~~M~~ T~~M~ 7~C~~ Egeus, and train. Dem. These things seem small, and undistinguishable, Like far-off mountains turned into clouds. Her. Methinks, 1 see these things with parted eye, When every thing seems double. 7~. So methinks And 1 have found Demetrius like a jewel, Mine own, and not mine own. Z~. It seems to me, That yet we sleep, we dream.-Do not you think, The duke was here, and bid us follow him? Her. Yea and my father. Hel. And Hippolyta. And he did bid us follow to the temple. Dem. Why then, we are awake let's follow him And, by the way, let us recount our dreams. jE'~M~. As they go CM~ Bottom ~~J. Bol. When my cue comes, call me, and 1 will answer -my next is, Most fair Pyramus. Hey, ho!-Péter Quince! Flute, the bellows-mender! Snout, the tinker! Starveling! God's my life! stolen hence, and left me asleep! 1 have had a most rare vision. 1 have had a dream, past the wit ofman to say what dream it was Man is but an afs, if he go about to expound this dream. Methought 1 was-there is no man can tell what. Methought 1 was, and methought 1 had,-But man is but a patch'd fool, if he will offer to say what methought 1 had. The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen man~s hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was. 1 will get Peter Quince to write a ballad of this dream it shall be call' d Bottom's Dream, because it hath no bottom and 1 will sing it in the latter end of a play, before the duke Per-adventure, to make it the more gracious, 1 shall sing it at her death. j~M. SCENE Il ATHENS. A ROOM IN Q.UINCE'S HOUSE. Enter ~m~ V~M~ Snout, and ~y~ Quin. Have you sent to Bottom's house? is he come home yet ? Star. He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt, he is transported. Flu. If he come not, then the play is marr'd It goes not forward, doth it? 9~. It is not pofsible you have not a man in all Athens, able to discharge Pyramus, but he. ~M. No he hath simply the best wit of any handycraft man in Athens. Yea, and the best person too and he is a very paramour, for a sweet voice. ~?z . You must say, paragon a paramour is, God biefs us a thing of nought. Enter Snug. Snug. Masters, the duke is coming from the temple, and there is two or three lords and ladies more married if our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men. Flu. 0 sweet bully Bottom Thus hath he lost six-pence a-day during his life he could not have 'scaped six-pence a-day an the duke had not given him six-pence a-day for playing Pyramus, 1~11 be hang'd he would have deserv'd it six-pence a-day, in Pyramus, or nothing. Enter Bottom. Bot. Where are these lads ? where are these hearts ? ~M~z. Bottom!-0 most courageous day! 0 most happy hour! Bot. Masters, 1 am to discourse wonders but ask me not what for, if 1 tell you, 1 am no true Athenian. 1 will tell you every thing, right as it fell out. ~M~. Let us hear, sweet Bottom. Bot. Not a word of me. Ail that 1 will tell you, is, that the duke hath dined Get your apparel together good strings to your beards, new ribbons to your pumps meet presently at the palace every man look o'er his part for, the short and the long is, our play is preferr'd. In any case, let Thisby have clean linen and let not him, that plays the lion, pare his nails, for they shall hang out for the lion's claws. And, most dear actors, eat no onions, nor garlick, for we are to utter sweet breath and 1 do not doubt but to hear them say, it is a sweet coniedy. No more words away go, away. ~~M~. C 5'CJ?~ THE SAME. AN APARTMENT IN THE PALACE OF THESEUS. Enter 77~m~ T~ c~~ Philostrate, Lords, and Attendants. jH~. 'Tis strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak of. 7~. More strange than true. 1 never may believe Thèse antique fables, nor these fairy toys. Lovers, and madmen, have such seething brains, Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends. The lunatick, the lover, and the poet, Are of imagination all compact One sees more devils than vast hell can hold That is, the madman thé lover, all as frantick, See's Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt The poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling, Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven And, as imagination bodies forth Thé forrns of things unknown, the poet's pen Turns them to shapes, and gives to airy nothing A local habitation, and a name. Such tricks hath strong imagination That, if it would but apprehend some joy, It comprehends some bringer of that joy 9 Or, in the night, imagining some fear, How easy is a bush suppos'd a bear? But all the story of the night told over, And all their minds transfigur'd so together, More witnelseth than fancy's images, And grows to something of gréât constancy But, howsoever, strange, and admirable. Enter Lysander, Demetrius, and Helena. 7~. Here corne the lovers, full of joy and mirth. Joy, gentle friends joy, and fresh days of love, Accompany your hearts Z~j. More than to us Wait on your royal walks, your board, your bed 7~. Corne now what masks, what dances shall we have, To wear away this long age of three hours, Between our after-supper, and bed-time? Where is our usual manager of mirth ? What revels are in hand ? Is there no play, To ease the anguish of a torturing hour ? Call Philostrate. Philost. Here, mighty Theseus. The. Say, what abridgment have you for this evening? What mask ? what music ? How shall we beguile The lazy time, if not with some delight? Philost. There is a brief, how many sports are ripe Make choice of which your highnefs will see first. ~~ a ~~r. 7~. reads. 7~~ !A the C~ sung x z~~M~ eunuch to the M~. We'11 none of that that have 1 told my love, In glory of my Idnsman Hercules. 7~ riot Bacchanals, T~m~ the T~~c~ singer in ~'r rage. That is an old device and it was play'd When 1 from Thebes came last a conqueror. 7~~ thrice three Muses ~~M~~ death ~z~ z~ late deceas'd in beggary. That is some satire, keen, and critical, Not sorting with a nuptial ceremony. ~'c~ brief scene qf'young Pyramus, love T M'j~ very tragical ntirth. Meny and tragical? Tedious and brief? That is, hot ice, and wonderous strange snow. How shall we find the concord of this discord? Plailost. A play there is, my lord, some ten words long Which is as brief as 1 have known a play But by ten words, my lord, it is too long Which makes it tedious for in all the play There is not one word apt, one player fitted. And tragical, my noble lord, it is For Pyramus therein doth kill himself. Which, when 1 saw rehears'd, 1 must confefs, Made mine eyes water but more merry tears The pafsion of loud laughter never shed. What are they, that do play it? Philost. Hard-handed men, that work in Athens here, Which never labour'd in their minds till now And now have toil'd their unbreath'd memories With this same play, against your nuptial. And we will hear it. Philost. No, my noble lord, It is not for you 1 have heard it over, And it is nothing, nothing in the world Unlefs you can find sport in their intents, Extremely stretch'd, and conn'd with cruel pain, To do you service. 7~. 1 will hear that play For never any thing can be amifs, When simplenefs and duty tender it. Go, bring them in -and take your places, ladies. Exit Philostrate. 1 love not to see wretchednefs o'ercharg'd, And duty in his service perishing. 7~. Why, gentle sweet, you shall see no such thing. He says, they can do nothing in this kind. 7~. The kinder we, to give them thanks for nothing. Our sport shall be, to take what they mistake And what poor duty cannot do, Noble respect takes it in might, not merit. Where 1 have corne, gréât clerks have purposed To greet me with premeditated welcomes Where 1 have seen them shiver, and look pale, Make periods in the midst of sentences, Throttle their practis'd accent in their fears, And, in conclusion, dumbly have broke off, Not paying me a welcome Trust me, sweet, Out of this silence, yet, 1 pick'd a welcome And in the modesty of fearful duty 1 read as much, as from the rattling tongue Of saucy and audacious eloquence. Love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity, Iii least, speak most, to my capacity. Enter Philostrale. Philost. So please your grace, the prologue is addrest. 7~ Let him approach. ~MW~ ? ~n~~j. Enter Pn~M6. ProL ï~~ ?M~ good 7~ j~M ~~M~ z~~ come ~yz~ jS?~ g ?~ 7~ ~ ?~ our j~7~ 7' M ~X~ ~~M'~ C 'Ci! end. Cc~~r ~~y~ M~ come ~M~ in ?M~ come, as ~g C~ ~' ?~ Our ~n~ cr j 'c?~ delight, are 7~~ here. Tl~~M should here ~ ?~ 77~ ~c ~ are at 7~~ j~c~ 3~~ ~û~ all, ?M 77~. This fellow doth not stand upon points. He hath rid his prologue, like a rough colt he knows not the stop. A good moral, my lord It is not enough to speak, but to speak true. 7~. Indeed he hath play'd on this prologue, like a child on a recorder a sound, but not in govemment. 7~. His speech was like a tangled chaîna nothing impair'd, but all disordered. Who is next? Enter Pyramus, and T~M~ ~Mcc~ and Lion, as in dumb show. Prol. Gentles, perchance, you wonder at this show But wonder on, till truth make all things plain. This man is Pyramus, if you would know This beauteous lady Thisby is, certain. This man, with lime and rough-cast, doth present Wall, that vile wall which did these loyers sunder And through wall's chink, poor souls, they are content To whisper at thé which let no man wonder. This man, with lantern, dog, and bush ofthorn, Presenteth nioon-shine for, if you will know, By moon-shine did these levers think no scorn To meet at Ninus' tomb, there, there to woo. This grisly beast, which by name lion hight, Thé trusty Thisby, coming first by night, Did scare away, or rather did anright And, as she fled, her mantle she did fall Which lion vile with bloody mouth did stain Anon cornes Pyramus, sweet youth, and tall, And finds his trusty Thisby's mantle slain Whereat, with blade, with bloody blameful blade, He bravely broach'd his boiling bloody breast And, Thisby tarrying in mulberry shade, His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest, Let lion, moon-shine, wall, and lovers twain, At large discourse, while here they do remain. Exeunt Prologue, T~M~ Lion, and Moonshine. 7~6. 1 wonder, if the lion be to speak. Dem. No wonder, my lord one lion may, when many afses do. ~M. In this same interlude, it doth befall, That I, one Snout by name, present a wall And such a wall, as 1 would have you think, That had in it a cranny'd hole, or chink, Through which the lovers, Pyramus and Thisby, Did whisper often very secretly. This loam, this rough-cast, and this stone, doth show That 1 am that same wall the truth is so And this the cranny is, right and sinister, Throngh which the fearful lovers are to whisper. 7 Would you desire lime and hair to speak better? Dem. It is the wittiest partition that ever 1 heard dis-course, my lord. 7~. Pyramus draws near the wall silence Enter Pyramus. Pyr. 0 grim-look'd night! 0 night with hue so black 0 night, which ever art, when day is not O ,night, 0 night, alack, alack, alack, 1 fear my Thisby's promise is fbrgot!-And thou, 0 wall, 0 sweet, 0 lovely wall, That stand'st between her father's ground and mine Thou wall, 0 wall, 0 sweet and lovely wall, Show me thy chink, to blink through with mine eyne. ~~ holds M~ ~M~ Thanks, courteous wall Jove shield thee well for this! But what see I? No Thisby do 1 see. 0 wicked wall, through whom 1 see no blifs Curst be thy stones for thus deceiving me 7~. The wall, methinks, being sensible, should curse again. Pyr. No, in truth, sir, he should not. Deceiving me, is Thisby's eue she is to enter now, and 1 am to spy her through the wall. You shall see, it will fall pat as 1 told you -Yonder she cornes. Enter Thisbe. T~M. 0 wall, full often hast thou heard my .moans, For parting my fair Pyramus and me My cherry lips hâve often kifs'd thy stones Thy stones with lime and ha~r knit up in thee. Pyr. 1 see a voice now will 1 to the chink, To spy an 1 can hear my Thisby's face. ' Thisby! 7~ My love! thou art my love, 1 think. ~r. Think what thou wilt, 1 am thy lover's grace And like Limander am 1 trusty still. 7~ And 1 like Helen, till the fates me kill. P~f. Not Shafalus to Procrus was so true. 7~ As Shafalus to Procrus, 1 to you. 0, kifs me through the hole of this vile wall. 7~ 1 kifs the wall's hole, not your lips at all. Pyr. ~WiltthouatNinny's tomb meet me straightway? T~M. Tide life, tide death, 1 come without delay. ~x~. Thus have I, wall, my part discharged so And, being done, thus wall away doth go. Exeunt M~ and 77~ 7~. Now is thé mural down between thé two neigh-bours. Dem. No remedy, my lord, when walls are so wilful to hear without warning. This is the silliest stuffthat ever 1 heard. 7~6. The best in this kind are but shadows and the worst are no worse, if imagination amend them. 7~. It must be your imagination then, and not theirs. 7~ If we imagine no worse of them, than they of them-selves, they may pafs for excellent men. Here come two noble beasts in, a moon, and a lion. Enter Lion and Moonshine. jL c~. You, ladies, you, whose gentle hearts do fear The smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor, May now, perchance, both quake and tremble here, When lion rough in wildest rage doth roar. Then know, that I, one Snug the joiner, am A lion fell, nor else no lion's dam For if 1 should as lion come in strife Into this place, 'twere pity on my life. 7~. A very gentle beast, and of a good conscience. Dem. The very best at a beast, my lord, that e'er 1 saw. Z~ This lion is a very fox for his valour. 7~. True and a goose for his discrétion. Dem. Not so, my lord for his valour cannot carry his discretion and the fox carries the goose. 7~6. His discrétion, 1 am sure, cannot carry his valour for thé goose carries not the fox. It is well leave it to his discretion, and let us listen to the moon. This lantern doth the horned moon present Dem. He should hâve worn the horns on his head. 7~. He is no crescent, and his horns are invisible within the circumfernece. ~c~. This lantern doth the horned moon present Myseifthe man i'th'moon do seem to be. 7 This is the greatest error of all the rest the man should be put into the lantern How is it else the man i' the moon? Dem. He dares not corne there for tlie candie for, you see, it is already in snuff. I am aweary of this moon Would, he would change! The. It appears, by his small light of discrétion, tha~ he is in the wane but yet, in courtesy, in all reason, we must stay the time. Lys. Proceed, moon. Moon. Ail that 1 have to say, is, to tell you, that the lantern is the moon I, the man in the moon this thorn-bush, my thorn-bush and this dog, my dog. Dem. Why, all these should be in thé lantern for they are in the moon. But, silence here cornes Thisbe. 7~'j. This is old Ninny's tomb Where is my love? Z~. ~Oh- 1 ~Z.M~y~ T~~yM~j~ Dem. Well roar'd, lion. 7~. Well run, Thisbe. Well shone, moon.-Truly, the moon shines with a good grace. 7~. Well mous'd, lion. Dem. And so comes Pyramus. Lys. And then the moon vanishes. r. Sweet moon, I thank thee for thy sunny beams 1 thank thee, moon, for shining now so bright For, by thy gracious, golden, glittering streams, 1 trust to taste of truest Thisby's sight. But stay -0 spite! But mark -Poor knight, What dreadful dole is here? Eyes, do you see? How can it be ? 0 dainty duck! 0 dear 1 Thy mantle good, What, stain'd with blood? Approach, ye furies fell! jEy~' 7~ ~ ? Lion tears 77~~ mantle, and ~'i!7. jE ~r Pyramus. ~Ofates! come, come Cut thread and thrum Quail, crush, conclude, and quell! 7 This pafsion, and the death of a dear friend, would go near to make aman look sad. 7~. Beshrew my heart, but 1 pity the man. Pyr. 0, wherefore, nature, didst thou lions trame? Since lion vile hath here deflour'd my dear Which is-no, no-which was the fairest dame, That liv'd, that lov'd, that lik'd, that look'd, with cheer. Corne, tears, confound Out, sword, and wound The pap of Pyramus Ay, that left pap, Where heart doth hop Thus die I, thus, thus, thus. Now am Idcad, Now am IHed My soul is in the sky Tongue, lose thy light! Moon, take thy flight Now die, die, die, die, die. y. ~ ?~ No die, but an ace, for him for he is but one. Lys. Lefs than an ace, man for he is dead he is no-thing. 7~. With the help of a surgeon, he might yet recover, and prove an afs. ~ . How chance moonshine is gone, before Thisbe cornes back and finds her lover? 7~. She will find him by star-light.-Hère she comes and her pafsion ends the play. Methinks, she should not use a long one, for such a Pyrarnus 1 hope, she will be brief. j~ A moth. will turn the balance, which Pyramus, which Thisbe, is the better. Lys. She hath spied him already, with those sweet eyes. Z~?z. And thus she moans, ~c~ T~M. Asleep, my love? What, dead, my dove? 0 Pyramus, arise, Speak, speak. Quite dumb? Dead, dead? A tomb Must cover thy sweet eyes. These lily brows, This cherry nose, These yellow cowslip cheeks, Are gone, are gone Lovers, make moan His eyes were green as leeks. 0 sisters three, Corne, come, to me, With hands as pale as milk Lay them in gore, Since you have shore With shears his thread of silk. Enter 7 Tonguc, not a word -Come, trusty sword Come, blade, my breast imbrue And farewell, friends -Thus Thisby ends Adieu, adieu, adieu. ~' ?j'. 7~. Moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead. Dem. Ay, and wall too. Bot. No, 1 afsure you the wall is down that parted their fathers. Will it please you to see the epilogue, or to hear a Bergomask dance, between two of our company. 7~. No epilogue, 1 pray you for your play needs no excuse. Never excuse for when the players are all dead, there need none to be blamed. Marry, if he that writ it, had play'd Pyramus, and hang'd himself in Thisbe's gar-ter, it would have been a fine tragedy and so it is, truly and very notably discharg'd. But come, your Bergomask let your epilogue alone. ~?y ? dance of' clowns. The iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve Lovers, to bed 'tis almost fairy time. 1 fear, we shall out-sleep the coming morn, As much as we this night have overwatch'd. This palpable-grofs play hath well beguil'd The heavy gait of night.-Sweet friends, to bed.-A fortnight hold we this solemnity, In nightly revels, and new jollity. ~m~. C~~ 7 THE SAME. Enter ?M~. P~. Now the hungry lion roars, And the wolf behowls the moon Whilst the heavy ploughman snores, AU with weary task fordone. Now the wasted brands do glow, Whilst the scritch-owl, scritching loud, Puts the wretch, that lies in woe, In remembrance of a shroud. Now it is the time of night, That the graves, all gaping wide, Every one lets forth his sprite, In the church-way paths to glide And we fairies, that do run By the triple Hecat's team, From the presence of the suii, Following darkne~s like a dream, Now are frolick not a mouse Shall disturb this hallow'd house 1 am sent, with broom, before, To sweep the dust behind the door. Enter Oberon and 7~ ~z~ their train. 6~. Through this house give glimmering light, By the dead and drowsy fire Every elf, and fairy sprite, Hop as light as bird from brier And this ditty, after me, Sing, and dance it trippingly. 71 First, rehearse this song by rote To each word a warbling note, Hand in hand, with fairy grace, Will we sing, and ble~s this place. SONG, AND DANCE. Obe. Now, until the break of day, Through this house each fairy stray. To the best bride-bed will we, Which by us shall blefsed be And the ifsue, there create, Ever shall be fortunate. So shall all the couples three Ever true in loving be And the blots of nature's hand Shall not in their ifsue stand Never mole, hare-lip, nor scar, Nor mark prodigious, such as are Despised in nativity, Shall upon their children be.-With this field-dew consecrate, Every fairy take his gait And each several chamber biefs, Through this palace, with sweet peace E'er shall it in safety rest, And the owner of it blesL Meet me all by break ofday. Puck. j~ A~~ c~ 7~~ ~z~ this, ~ ~~M y7~~ ?M M~ but ~M~W here, these ~HM~J did 7 ~M~ this and Z~ more but a dream, G~ ~c~ ~~A~ ~j~M ~~y~~ 7~ an ~M~ M~ ~M~ .A~ jc~~ the j~ tongue, !~i 7 ~6!~ X~ ~yzg.' the P~ ~r C~ good night M??~ J~CM G~ ~CMy ~?~~ shall ~J~~ fjE~ -.-F~-ow ~ ~~a~pMM ~f~ U-jB~ZAfM CO. Trip away Make no stay ~~MM~ C~ 7~ and train. ~7~ ~'
[OCR_aligned] SHAKSPEARE. DRAMATI C WORKS VOL. II. THE 0F SHAKSPEARE FOR JOHN AND JOSIAH BOYDELL, GEORGE AND W. NICOL t'ROM THE TYPES OF W. MARTIN. DRAMATIC BY GEORGE STEEVENS. PRINTED BY W. BULMER AND GO. ~aït~MM ~intittj~~c~ VOL. IL LONDON 0F REVISED MDCCCII. THE ORKS 1 M 9AOE~r OF ERRORS y . j' PERSOGaoler, C~C~, and other Attendants. Scene, ~M~. COMEDY OF ERRORS ~CT jr ~c~~jE A HALL IN THE DUKE'S PALACE. Enter J~M~ Gaoler, Q~c~~ and other Attendants. ~ËGEON. PROCEED, Solinus, to procure my fall, And, by the doom of death, end woes and ail. j0M~. Merchant of Syracusa, plead no more 1 am not partial, to infringe our laws The enmity and discord, which of late Sprung from the rancorous outrage of your duke To merchants, our well-dealing countrymen, Who, wanting g@ilders to redeem their lives, Have sea@Fd his rigorous statutes with their bloods,-Excludes ail pity from our threat'ning looks. For, since the mortal and intestine jars 'Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us, It hath in solemn synods been decreed, Both by the Syracus@ans and ourselves, To admit no tra@fRc to our adverse towns Nay, more, If any, born at Ephesus, be seen At any Syracus@an marts and fairs, Again, If any Syracus@an born, Come to the bay of Ephesus, he dies, Mis goods confiscate to the duke's dispose@ Uniefs a thousand marks be levied, To quit the penalty, and to ransome him. Thy substance, valued at the highest rate, Cannot amount unto a hundred marks Therefore, by law thou art condemn'd to die. J~~yz. Yet this my comfort when your words are done, My woes end likewise with the evening sun. @@Z~ Well, Syracus@an, say, in brief, the cause Why thou departed@st from thy native home And for what cause thou cam'st to Ephesus. ~Es~z. A heavier task could not have been impos'd, Than 1 to speak my griefs unspeakable Yet, that the world may witnefs, that my end Was wrought by nature, not by vile offence, l'Il utter what my sorrow@ gives me leave. In Syracusa was@i born@ and wed Unto a woman, happy but for me, And by me too, had not our hap been bad. With her 1 liv'd in joy our wealth increas'd, By prosperous voyages 1 often made To Epidamnum, till my factor's death And @he, great care of goods at random left, Drew me from kind embracements of my spouse From whom my absence was not six months old, Before herself@ almost at fainting, under Thé pleasing punishment that women bear, Had made provision for her following me, And soon, and safe, arrived where 1 was. There she had not been long, but she became A joyful mother of two goodly sons And, which was strange, the one so like the other, As could not be distinguish'd but by names. That very hour, and in the self@same inn, A poor mean@@ woman was delivered Of such a burden, male twins, both alike Those, for their parents were exceeding poor,@ 1 bought, and brought up to attend my sons. My wife, not meanly proud of two such boys, Made daily motions for our home return Unwilling 1 agreed alas, too soon. We came aboard@ A league from Epidamnum had we sail' d, Before the always-wind-obeying deep Gave any tragic instance of our harm But longer did we not retain much hope For what obscured light the heavens did grant Did but convey unto our fearful minds A doubtful warrant of immediate death Which, though myself would gladly have embrac'd, Yet the incefsant weepings of my wife, Weeping before for what she saw must corne, And piteous plainings of the pretty babes, That mourn'd for fashion, ignorant what to fear, Forc~d me to seek delays for them and me. And this it was,-for other means was none.-The sailors sought for safety by our boat, And left the ship, then sinking-ripe, to us My wife, more careful for the latter-born, Had fasten'd him unto a small spare mast, Such as seafaring men provide for storms To him one of the other twins was bound, Whilst 1 had been like heedful of the other. The children thus dispos'd, my wife and I, Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fix~d, Fasten'd ourselves at either end the mast And floating straight, obedient to the stream, Were carried towards Corinth, as we thought. At length the sun, gazing upon the earth, Dispers'd those vapours that offended us And, by the benefit of his wish'd light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us, Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this But ère they came,-0, let me say no more! Gather the sequel by that went before. Duhe. Nay, forward, old man, do not break off so For we may pity, though not pardon thee. @@J~ 0, had the gods done so, 1 had not now Worthily term'd them mercilefs to us@ For, ere the ships could meet by twice five leagues, We were encounter'd by a mighty rock Which being violently borne upon, Our helpful ship was splitted in the midst, So that, in this unjust divorce of us, Fortune had left to both of us alike What to delight in, what to sorrow for. Her part, poor soul@ seeming as burdened With lefser weight, but not with lefser woe, Was carried with more speed before thé wind And in our sight they three were taken up By fishermen of Corinth, as we thought. At length, another ship had seiz'd on us~ And, knowing whom it was their hap to save, Gave he@l@pful welcome to their shipwreck'd guests And would have reft the fishers of their prey, Had not their bark been very slow of sail, And therefore homeward did they bend their course.-Thus have you heard me sever'd from my blifs That by misfortunes was my life prolong'd, To tell sad stories of my own mishaps. Z~M~. And, for the sake of them thou sorrowest for, Do me the favour to dilate at full What hath befall'n of them, and thee, till now. J?g~ My youngest boy, and yet my eldest care, At eighteen years became inquisitive After his brother and importun'd me, That his attendant, for his case was like, Reft of his brother, but retain'd his name, Might bear him company in the quest of him Whom whilst 1 labour'd of a love to see, 1 hazarded the lois of whom 1 lov'd. Five summers have 1 spent in furthest Greece, Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia, And, coasting homeward, came to Ephesus Hopelefs to find, yet loath to leave unsought, Or that, or any place that harbours men. But here. must end the story of my life And happy were 1 in my timely death, Could ail my travels warrant me they live. j0M~. Haplefs ~Egeon, whom the fates have mark'd To bear the extremity of dire mishap@ Now, trust me, were it not against our laws, Against my crown, my oath, my dignity, Which princes, would they, may not disannul, My soul should sue as advocate for thee. But, though thou art adjudged to thé death, And pafsed sentence may not be recall' d, But to our honour's great disparagement, Yet @@will 1 favour thee in what 1 can@ Therefore, merchant, F 11 limit thee this day, To seek thy help by beneficial help Try ail the friends thou hast in Ephesus Beg thou, or borrow, to make up the sum, And live if not, then thou art doom'd to die -Gaoler, take him to thy custody. Gaol. 1 will, my lord. @@@@@Hopelefs, and helplefs doth ~Egeon wend, But to procrastinate his lifelefs end. jE~M?~. 6'C~A'jE II A PUBLIC PLACE. ~Z~MJ and Dromio of Syracuse, and a J~rC ~?Z~. Mer. Therefore, give out, you are of Epidamnum, Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate. This very day, a Syracus@an merchant Is apprehended for arrivai here And, not being able to buy out his life, According to the statute of the town, Dies ere the weary sun set in the west. There is your money that 1 had to keep. @@S. @@Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host, And stay there, Dromio, till 1 corne to thee. Within this hour it will be dinner-time Till that, I'll view the manners of the town, Peruse the traders, gaze upon the buildings, And then return, and sleep within mine inn@ For with long travel 1 am stiff and weary. Get thee away. @Z~. S. Many a man would take you at your word, And go indeed, having so good a mean. 2M Dromio S. A trusty villain, sir@ that very oft, When 1 am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humour with his merry jests. What, will you walk with me about the town, And then go to my inn, and dine with me@@@@@? Mer. 1 am invited, sir, to certain merchants, Of whom 1 hope to make much bene@nt 1 crave your pardon. Soon, at five o'clock, Please you, l'il meet with you upon the mart, And afterwards consort you till bed-time My present businefs calls me from you now. Ant. S. Farewell till then 1 will go lose myself, And wander up and down, to view the city. Mer. Sir, 1 commend you to your own content. ~M ~C ~7~. He that commends me to mine own content, Commends me to the thing 1 cannot get. 1 to the world am like a drop of water, That in the ocean seeks another drop@ Who, falling there to find his fellow fbrth, Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself So I, to find a mother, and a brother, In quest of them, unhappy, lose myself. Enter Dromio ~j~A~Mj. Here cornes the almanack of my true date.-What now? How chance, thou art return'd so soon? Dro. E. Return'd so soon! rather approach'd too late The capon burns, the pig falls from the spit@ The @dock hath strucken twelve upon the bell, My mistrefs made it one upon my cheek She is so hot, because the méat is cold Thé meat is cold, because you corne not home You corne not home, because you have no stomach You have no stomach, having broke your fast But we, that know what 'tis to fast and pray, Are penitent for your default to-day. @6 . @@Stop in your wind, sir tell me this, I pray Where have you left the money that 1 gave you ? Dro. @@0,-six-pence, that 1 had o' Wednesday last, To pay the saddler for my mistrels' crupper -The saddler had it, sir, 1 kept it not. @@S. @@1 am not in a sportive humour now Tell me, and dally not, where is the money? We being stra.ngers hère, how dar'st thou trust So great a charge from thine own custody? ~ ?. jE. 1 pray you, jest, sir, as you sit at dinner 1 from my mistrefs corne to you in post If 1 return, 1 shall be post indeed@ For she will score your fault upon my pate. Methinks, your maw, like mine, should be your @dock, And strike you home without a mefsenger. Corne, Dromio, corne, these jests are out of season Reserve them till a merrier hour than this@ Where is the gold 1 gave in charge to thee? Dro. E. To me, sir? why@ you gave no gold to me. @@S. @@Corne on, sir knave, have done your fbolishneis, And tell me, how thou hast dispos'd thy charge. Dro. E. My charge was but to fetch you from the mart Home to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner My mistrefs, and her sister, stay@ for you@@@@@. @@Now, as 1 am a christian, answer me, In what safe place have you bestow'd my money@ Or 1 shall break that merry sconce of yours, That stands on tricks when 1 am undispos'd Where is the thousand marks thou had'st of@me? Dro. jE. 1 have some marks of yours upon my pate, Some of my mistrefs' marks upon my shoulders, But not a thousand marks between you both.-If 1 should pay your worship those again, Perchance, you will not bear them patiently. @@T@@hy mistrefs' marks! what mistrefs, slave, hast thou? 2~. jE. Your worship's wife, my mistrefs at the Phoenix She that doth fast, till you corne home to dinner, And prays, that you will hie you home to dinner@@@@@, @@What, wilt thou flout me thus unto my face, Being fbrbid? There, take you that, sir knave. 2~?. jE. What mean you, sir? for God's sake, hold your hands@ Nay, an you will not, sir, @Fil take my heels. j~ D w M~ S. Upon my life, by some device or other, The villain is o'er-raught of all my money. They say, this town is full of cozenage@ As, nimble jugglers, that deceive the eye, Dark-working sorcerers, that change the mind, Soul-killing witches, that deform the body@ Disguised cheaters, prating mountebanks, And many such like liberties of sin If it prove so, 1 will be gone the sooner. I'll to the Centaur, to go seek this slave 1 greatly fear, my money is not safe. 2M. c ? ~c~~rj? A PUBLIC PLACE. Enter Adriana ~ZM ~M!. Adr. Neither my husband, nor the slave return'd, That in such haste 1 sent to seek his master@ Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock. Z~c. Perhaps, some merchant hath invited him, And from the mart he's somewhere gone to dinner. Good sister, let us dine, and never fret A man is master of his liberty Time is their master@ and, when they see time, They'll go, or come If so, be patient, sister. @@@@Why should their liberty than ours be more? Luc. Because their businels still lies out o' door. ~y. Look, when 1 serve him so, he takes it ill. Luc. 0, know, he is the bridle of your will. @@@@There's none, but afses, will be bridled so. Luc. Why, headstrong liberty is lash'd with woe. There's nothing, situate under heaven's eye, But hath his bound, in earth, in sea, in sky The beasts, the fishes, and the winged fowls, Are their males' subject, and at their controls Men, more divine, the masters of ail these, Lords of the wide world, and wild wat'ry seas, Indued with intellectual sense and souls, Of more pre-eminence than fish and fowls, Are masters to their females, and their lords Then let your will attend on their accords. @~r. This servitude makes you to keep unwed. Luc. Not this, but troubles of' the marriage-bed. @@@@But, were you wedded, you would bear some sway. Z.MC. Ere 1 learn love, l'il practise to obey. @@@@How if your husband start some other where? Luc. Till he corne home again, 1 would forbear. ~~r. Patience, unmov' d, no marvel though she pause They can be meek, that have no other cause. A wretched soul, bruis'd with adversity, We bid be quiet, when we hear it cry But were we burden'd with like weight of pain, As much, or more, we should ourselves complain So thou, that hast no unkind mate to grieve thee, With urging helplels patience would~st relieve me But, if thou live LO sec like right bereft, This fool-begg'd patience in thee will be left. Luc. Well, 1 will marry one day, but to try@ Here cornes your man, now is your husband nigh. Dromio jE~~Mj. ~y. Say, is your tardy master now at hand? Dro. E. Nay@ he is at two hands with me, and that my two ears can witnefs. @@@@Say, didst thou speak with him? Know'st thou his mind? ~r@@ ?. Ay, ay, hc told lus mind upon mine car Beshrew his hand, 1 scarce could understand it. Z~c. Spake he so doubtfully, thou couldst not feel his meaning ? jCn?. Nay, he struck so plainly, 1 could too well feel his blows and withal so doubtfully, that 1 could scarce understand them. ~~f. But say, 1 pr'ythee, is hc coming home? It seems, he hath great care to please his wife. Dro. jË'. Why, mistrels, sure my master is horn-mad. @@@@Horn-mad, thou villain? Z~-?. E. 1 mean not cuckold-mad but, sure, he@'s stark mad@ When 1 desir'd him to corne home to dinner, He ask'd me for a thousand marks in gold @'T~j dinner-time,@ quoth 1 @My gold@, quoth he @3~z~ meat doth ~Mr@?~ quoth@@ @@1 gold@, quoth he ~7~M come ~? quoth 1 @My gold@, quoth lie ~~Y? ~M!~ marks 1 gave thee, villain? 7~ quoth I, @is burn'd gold, quoth he sir, quoth 1 Hang M~ thy ~~ not thy yM~ ~M~ mistrefs! Z~c. Quoth who ? J9y~. jE', Quoth my master ~ ~ quoth he, no Ac~j~ ~c no ~M~~j -So that my errand, due unto my tongue, 1 thank him, 1 bare home upon my shoulders For, in conclusion, he did beat me there. @~r. Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home. @jCr ?. Go back again, and be new beaten home? For God's sake, send some other mefsenger. ~y. Back, slave, or 1 will break thy pate acrols. ~r~. @@And he will biefs that crofs with other beat-ing Between you 1 shall have a holy head. @@@@Hence, prating peasant@ fetch thy master home. Dro. E. Am 1 so round with you, as you with me, That like a football you do spurn me thus ? You spurn me hence, and he will spurn me hither If I last in this service, you must case me in leather. 2~ Z~c. Fye, how impatience low'reth in your face! @@@@His company must do his minions grâce, Whilst 1 at home starve for a merry look. Hath homely age the alluring beauty took From my poor cheek? then he hath wasted it Are my discourses dull? barren my wit? If voluble and sharp discourse be marr'd, Unkindnefs blunts it, more than marble hard. Do their gay vestments his affections bait? That's not my fault, he's master of my state What ruins are in me, that can be found@ By him not ruin'd? then is he the ground Of my defeatures@ My decayed fair A sunny look of his would soon repair But, too unruly deer, he breaks the pale, And feeds from home poor 1 am but his stale. .MC. Self-harming@jealousy!-fye, beat it hence. @@@@Unfeeling fools can with such wrongs dispense. 1 know his eye doth homage otherwhere Or else, what lets it but he would be here Sister, you know, he promis'd me a chain Would that alone@ alone he would detain, So he would keep fair quarter with his bed! 1 see, the jewel, best enamelled, Will lose his beauty and though gold 'bides still, That others touch, yet often touching will Wear gold and so no man that hath a naine, But falsehood and corruption doth it shame. Since that my beauty cannot please his eye, I'll weep what's left away, and weeping die. Z.MC. How many fond fools serve mad@jealousy! jE~M ~C~JVJ? Il THE SAME. Enter ~M~ C Syracuse. @6'. @@The gold, 1 gave to Dromio, is laid up Safe at the@Centaur and the heedful slave ïs wander'd forth, in care to seek me out. By computation, and mine host's report, 1 could not speak with Dromio, since at first 1 sent him from the mar@t See, here he cornes. jE~r Z~ymc T~CM~. How now, sir? is your merry humour alter'd? As you love strokes, so jest with me again. You know no Centaur? You receiv'd no gold? Your mistrefs sent to have me home to dinner? My house was at the Phoenix? Wast thou mad, That thus so madly thou didst answer me ? Dro. S. What answer, sir? when spake 1 such a word@@@@? S. Even now, even here, not half an Iiour since. D@~. @@1 did not see you since you sent me hence, Home to the Centaur, with the gold you gave me. ~6'. @@Villain, thou didst deny the gold's receipt@ And told'st me of a mistrefs, and a dinner For which, 1 hope, thou felt'st 1 was displeas'd. @Z~. @@1 am glad to see you in this merry vein What means this jest? 1 pray you, master, tell me. @@@@@@@Yea, dost thou@jcer, and flout me in the teeth? Think'st thou, 1 jest? Hold, take thou th at, and that. ~ 7~ ~c. Hold, sir, for God's sake@ now your jest is earnest Upon what bai-gain do you give it me ? 6'. @@Because that 1 familiarly sometimes Do use you for my fool, and chat with you, Your saucinefs will jest upon my love, And make a common of my serious hours. When the sun shines, let fool.ish gnats make sport, But creep in crannies, when he hides his beams. If you will jest with me, know my aspect, And fashion y oui' demeanour to my looks, Or 1 will beat this method in your sconce. Dro. S. Sconce, call you it? so you would leave batter-ing, 1 had rather have it a head an you use these blows long, 1 must get a sconce for my head, and insconce it too or else 1 shall seek my wit in my shoulders. But, 1 pray, sir, why am 1 beaten ? Ant. S. Dost thou not know@? Z~ @@Nothing, sir@ but that 1 am beaten. @@@@@S@@hall 1 tell you why ? Dro. S. Ay, sir, and wherefore for, they say, every why hath a wherefore. @@S. @@Why, first,-for flouting me and then, where-fore,-@For urging it the second time to me. Dro. @@Was there ever any man thus beaten out of season? When, in the why, and the wherefore, is neither rhyme nor reason ?-Well, sir, 1 thank you. ~6'. @@Thank me, sir? for what ? Dro. S . Marry, sir, for this something that you gave me for nothing. @@S. @@l'il make you amends next, to give you nothing for something. But say, sir, is it dinner-time ? Dro. S. No, sir 1 think, the meat wants that 1 have@@@@@. @@In good time, sir, what's that@? Z~?. 6'. Basting. @@~.6'. Well, sir, then 'twill be dry. Dro. @@If it be, sir, 1 pray you@ eat none of it. @@@@@@@Your reason? Dro. @@Lest it make you choleric, and purchase me another dry basting. ~6'. @@Well, sir, learn to jest in good time There's a time for ail things. ~ ?. 6'. 1 durst have denied that, before you were se choleric. Ant. S. By what rule, sir? Dro. -6'. Marry, sir, by a rule as plain as thé plain bald pate of father Time himself@@@@@. @@Let's hear it. @@Z~ @@There~s no time for a man to recover his hair, that grows bald by nature. @@S. @@May he not do it by fine and recovery ? Z ~. S. Yes, to pay a fine for a peruke, and recover the lost haïr of another m@@@@an@. @@Why is Time such a niggard of hair, being, as it is, so plentiful an excrément? D@~. @@Because it is a blelsing that he bestows on beasts and what he hath scanted men in hair, he hath given them in wi@@@@@t. @@Why, but there's many a man hath more hair than wit. Dro. S'. Not a man of those, but he hath the wit to lose his hair. @@S. @@Why, thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit. Z~'c.6'. The plainer dealer, the sooner lost Yet he loseth it in a kind of@jollity. @@For what reason? Dro. S. For two and sound ones too. ~6'. @@Nay, not sound, 1 pray you. Dro. S. Sure ones@ then. @@S. @@Nay, not sure, in a thing falsing. Dro. S. Certain ones then. Ant. S. Name them. jOr~. S. The one, to save the money that he spends in t@i@ring the other, that at dinner they sliould not drop in his porridge. Ant. S. You would ail this time have proved, there is no time for ail things. Dro. S. Ma@ny, and did, sir namely, no time to reco-ver hair lost by nature. @@S. @@But your reason was not substantial, why there is no time to recover. @@Z~ @@Thus 1 mend it Time himself is bald, and therefore, to the world's end, will have bald followers. Ant. S. I knew, 'twould be a bald conclusion But@ soft! who wafts us yonder? Enter ~r~~ and Z~z~. ~y. Ay, ay, Antipholus, look strange, and frown Some other mistrels hath thy sweet aspects, 1 am not Adriana, nor thy wife. The time was once, when thou unurg'd would'st vow That never words were music to thine ear, That never object pleasing in thine eye, That never touch well-welcome to thy hand, That never meat sweet-savour'd in thy taste, Unlefs 1 spake,@@@ look'd,@@@ touch'd, or carv'd to thee. How cornes it now, my husband, oh. how cornes it, That thou art then estranged from thy self ? Thyself 1 call it, being strange to me, That, undividable, incorporate, Arn better than thy dear self@s better part. Ah, do not tear away thyseif@from me@ For know, my love, as easy may'st thou fall A drop of water in thé breaking gulph, And take unmingled thence that drop again, Without addition, or diminishing, As take from me thyself, and not me too. How dearly would it touch thee to thé quick. Should~st thou but hear 1 were licentious? And that this body, consecrate to thee, By ruffian lust should be contaminate ? Would'st thou not spit at me, and spurn at me, And hurl the name of husband in my face, And tear the stain'd skin o@fTmy harlot brow, And from my false hand eut the wedding ring, And break it with a deep-divorcing vow ? 1 know thou canst and therefore, see, thou do @t. 1 am pofsefs' d with an adulterate blot My blood is mingled with the crime of lust For, if@we two be one, and thou play false, 1 do digest the poison of thy flesh, Being strumpeted by thy contagion. Keep then fair league and truce with thy true bed 1 live dis-stain'd, thou undishonoured. @@S. @@Plead you to me, fair dame? I know you not In Ephesus 1 am but two hours old, As strange unto your town, as to your talk Who, every word by ail my wit being scann'd, Want wit in ail one word to understand. .MC. Fye, brother! how the world is chang'd with you@ When were you wont to use my sister thus ? She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner. @@By Dromio @@Z~ By me? ~y. By thee and this thou didst return from him,-That he did bufïët thee, and, in his blows@ Denied my house for his, me for his wife. ~6'. @@Did you converse, sir, with this gentlewoman? What is the course and drift of your compact ? Z~.6'. I, sir? 1 never saw her till this time. Ant. S. Villain, thou liest for even her very words Didst thou deliver to me on the mart. Z~'c. @@1 never spake with her in ail my life@@@@@. @@How can she thus then call us by our names, Uniefs it be by inspiration? @~r. How ill agrees it with your gravity, To counterfeit thus grofsly with your slave, Abetting him to thwart me in my mood ? Be it my wrong, you are from me exempt, But wrong not that wrong with a more contempt. Come, 1 will fasten on this sleeve of thine Thou art an elm, my husband@ 1 a vine@ Whose weaknefs, married to thy stronger state, Makes me with thy strength to communicate If@aught pofsefs thee from me, it is drofs, Usurping ivy, briar, or idle mois Who, ail for want of pruning, with intrusion Infect thy sap, and live on thy confusion. @@T@@@@@o me she speaks she moves me for her theme What, was 1 married to her in my dream? Or sleep 1 now, and think 1 hear ail this? What error drives our eyes and ears amiis ? Until 1 know this sure uncertainty, l'il entertain the offer'd fallacy. Luc. Dromio, go bid the servants spread for dinner. Dro. S. 0, for my beads! 1 crofs me for a sinner. This is thé fairy land -0, spite of spites@ We talk with goblins, owls, and elvish sprites If@we obey them not, this will ensue, They'll suck our breath, or pinch us black and blue. Z~c. Why prat'st thou to thyself, and answer'st not? Dromio, thou drone, thou snail, thou slug, thou sot! Dro. S. 1 am transformed, master@ am@@ not I? S. 1 think, thou art, in mind, and so am I. Dro. S. Nay, master, both in mind, and in my shape. ~y~. . Thou hast thine own fbrm. j~rc. @@No, 1 am an ape. Z~c. If thou art chang'd to aught, 'tis to an afs. @~?. @@'Tis true she rides me, and 1 long for grafs. 'Tis so, 1 am an afs else it could never be, But 1 should know her as well as she knows me. ~y. Come, corne, no longer will 1 be a fool, To put the finger in the eye and weep, Whilst man, and master, laugh my woes to scorn.-Corne, sir, to dinner@ Dromio, keep the gâte -Husband, @Fil dine above with you to-day, And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks@ Sirrah, if any ask you for your master, Say, he dines forth, and let no creature enter.-Corne, sister -Dromio, play the porter well. ~ 5'. @@Am 1 in earth, in heaven, or in hell? Sleeping or waking? mad, or well-advis'd? Known unto these, and to myself disguis'd@ l'il say as they say, and perséver so, And in this mist at ail adventures go. Dro. S. Master, shall 1 be porter at the gâte? A@@@y, and let none enter, lest 1 break your pate. Luc. Come, corne, Antipholus, we dine too late. jE~ ~C~r III ~C~~ I THE SAME. Enter Antipholus c~M~ Dromio ~j~~M~ Angelo, and ~z~ ~E. Good signior Angelo, you must excuse us ail My wife is shrewish, when 1 keep not hours Say, that 1 linger'd with you at your shop, To see the making of her carkanet, And that to-morrow you will bring it home. But here's a villain, that would face me down He met me on the mart and that 1 beat him, And charg'd him with a thousand marks in gold@ And that 1 did deny my wife and house -Thou, drunkard, thou, what didst thou mean by this? Dro. E. Say what you will, sir, but 1 know what 1 know That you beat me at the mart, 1 have your hand to show If the skin were parchment, and the blows you gave were ink, Your own handwriting would tell you what 1 think. @@E. @@1 think, thou art an aïs. Dro. jE'. Marry, so it doth appear By thé wrongs 1 suffer, and the blows 1 bear. 1 should kick, being kick'd and, being at that pals, You would keep from my heels, and beware of an afs. ~y~. j~. You are sad, signior Balthazar Tray God, our cheer May answer my good will, and y our good welcome hère. Bal. 1 hold your dainties cheap, sir, and your welcome dear. @jE. @@0, signior Balthazar, either at @nesh or fish, A table full of welcome makes scarce one dainty dish. Bal. Good meat, sir, is common that every churi af-fords. @@E. @@And welcome more common for that's nothing but words. jM. Small cheer, and great welcome, makes a merry feast. A@@@@y, to a lliggarclly host, and more sparing guest But though my cates be mean, take them in good part Better cheer may you hâve, but not with better heart. But, soft@ my door is lock'd@ Go bid them let us in. Dro. E. Maud, Bridget, Marian, Cicely, Gillian,Jen' Z~ ~ Morne, malt-horse, capon, coxcomb, idiot, patch! Either get thee from the door, or sit down at thé hatch@ Dost thou conjure for wenches, that thou call'st for such store, When one is one too many ? Go, get thee from the door. Dy'c. jE. What patch is made our porter ? My master stays in the street. j0~ Let him walk from whence he came, lest he catch cold on's feet. Ant. E. Who talks within there? ho, open thé door. Dro. 6'. Right, sir, l'Il tell you when, an you'Il tell me wherefore@@@@@. @@Wherefore? for my dinner 1 have not din'd to-day. J9~ Nor to-day here you must not corne again, when you may. ~jE. @@What art thou, that keep'st me out from the house 1 owe? Z~rc. S. Thé porter for this time, sir, and my name is Dromio. @Z~. @@0 villain, thou hast stolen both mine office and my name@ The one ne'er got me credit, the other mickle blame. If thou hadst been Dromio to-day in my place, Thou would'st have chang'd thy face for a name, or thy name for an afs. Luce. @@@@@~ What a coil is there! Dromio, who are those at the gâte? Dro. E. Let my master in, Luce. Z~c~. Faith no he comes too late And so tell your master. Dro. @@0 Lord, 1 must laugh@ Have at you with a proverb.-Shall 1 set in my staff? Luce.@@@@@@@ Have at you with another that's,-When? can you tell? Z~. '. If thy name be called Luce, Luce, thou hast answer'd him well. Ant. E. Do you hear, you minion? you'11 let us in, 1 hope? Luce. 1 thought to have ask'd you. Dro. And you said, no. Dro. E. So, corne, help well struck@ there was blow for blow. @jF. @@Thou baggage, let me in. Z,MC~. Can you tell for whose saké? Dro. E. Master, knock the door hard. Z~. Let him knock till it ake. You'Il cry for this, minion, if 1 beat the door down. Luce. W@@h@@@@@at needs ail that, and a pair of stocks in the town? ~r. ~ Who is that at the door, that keeps ail this noise? Dro. S. By my troth, your town is troubled with unruly boys. jE'. @@Arc you there, wife ? you might have corne before. ~r. Your wife, sir knave! go, get you from the door. Dro. @@If you went in pain, master, this @knave@ would go sore. ~g'. Here is neither cheer, sir, nor welcome we would fain have either. Bal. In debating which was best, we shall part with neither. Dro. E. They stand at the door, master bid them wel-come hither@@. There@'s something in the wind, that we cannot get in. @Z~.J?. You would say so, master, if your garments were thin. Your cake @here is warm within you stand here in the cold It would make a man mad as a buck, to be so bought and sold. @@@@@@@Go, fetch me something, l'il break ope the gate. Dro. S.@@@@@@@ Break any@breaking hère, and l'il break your knave~s pate. @@Z~ @@A man may break a word with you, sir@ and words are but wind@ Ay, and break it in your face, so hc break it not behind. Dro. @@@6'. It seems, thou wantest breaking Out upon thee, hind@ @@@Z ~ Here's too much, out upon thee!@ 1 pray thee, let me in. Z~ Ay, when fbwls have no feathers, and fish have no fin. Ant. E. Well, l'Il break in Go borrow me a crow. @Z~. E. A crow without a feather master, mean y ou so? For a fish without a fin, there's a fowl without a feather If a crow help us in, sirrah, we'll pluck a crow together. @@E. @@Go, get thee gone, fetch me an iron crow. Bal. Have patience, sir 0, let it not be so@ Herein you war against your reputation, And draw within the compafs of suspect Thé unviolated honour of your wife. Once this,-Your long expérience of her wisdom, Her sober virtue, years, and modesty, Plead on her part some cause to you unknown And doubt not, sir, but she will well excuse Why at this time the doors are made against you. Be ru@Fd by me depart in patience, And let us to the Tiger ail to dinner@ And, about evening, corne yourself alone, To know the reason of this strange restraint. If by strong hand you ofîer to break in, Now in the stirring pafsage of the day, A vulgar comment will be made on it@ And that supposed by the common rout Against your yet ungalled estimation, That may with foul intrusion enter in, And dwell upon your grave when you are dead For slander lives upon succession@ For ever hous'd, where once it gets pofsefsion. ~jE'. @@You have prevail'd 1 will depart in quiet, And, in despite of mirth, mean to be merry. 1 know a wench of excellent discourse,-Pretty and witty wild, and, yet@ too, gentle -There will we dine@ this woman that 1 mean@ My wife but,. 1 protest, without désert, Hath oftentimes upbraided me withal To her will we to dinner.-Get you home, And fetch thé chain by this, 1 know, 'tis made Bring it, 1 pray you, to the Por@cupine For there's the house that chain will 1 bestow, Be it for nothing but to spite my wife, Upon mine hostefs there good sir, make haste@ Since mine own doors refuse to entertain me, @@ni knock elsewhere, to see if@they'l@ disdain me. Ang. l'il meet you at that place, some hour hence@@@@@. @@Do so@ This jest shall cost me some expence. ~~i! ~C'jE JI THE SAME Enter ZMC~M and ~~A~ MJ C f ï6'M~. Z~c. And may it be that you have quite fbrgot A husband's office? Shall, Antipholus, hâte, Even in the spring of love, thy love-springs rot? Shall love, in building, grow so ruinate? If you did wed my sister for her weaith, Then, for her weaith's sake, use her with more kindnefs Or, if you like eisewhere, do it by steaith Muffle your false love with some show ofblindnefs Let not my sister read it in your eye Be not thy tongue thy own shame's orator Look sweet, speak fair, become disloyalty Apparel vice, like virtue's harbinger Bear a fair presence, though your heart be tainted Teach sin the carriage of a holy saint Be secret-false What need she be acquainted? What simple thief brags of his own attaint ? 'Tis double wrong, to truant with your bed, And let her read it in thy looks at board Shame hath a bastard fame, well managed 111 deeds are doubled with an evil word. Alas, poor women@ make us but believe, Being compact of credit, that you love us Though others have thé arm, show us thé sleeve We in your motion turn, and you may move us. Then, gentle brother, get you in again Comfbrt my sister, cheer her, call her wife 'Tis holy sport, to be a little vain, When thé sweet breath of@fiattery conqucrs strife@@@@@. @@Sweet mistrefs, what your name is else, 1 know not, Nor by what wonder you do hit on mine,@ Lefs, in your knowledge, and your grâce, you show not, Than our earth's wonder@ more than earth divine. Teach me, dear creature, how to think and speak Lay open to my earth@y grols conceit, Smother'd in errors, feeble, shallow, weak, Thé folded meaning of your words' deceit. Against my soul's pure truth why labour you, To make it wander in an unknown field ? Are you a god ? would you create me ncw ? Transform me, then, and to your power l'il yield. But if that 1 am I, then well 1 know, Your weeping sister is no wife of mine, Nor to her bed no homage do 1 owe Far more, far more, to you do 1 décline. 0, train me not, sweet mermaid, with thy note, To drown me in thy sister's flood of tears Sing, siren, for thyself, and 1 will dote Spread o'er the silver waves thy golden hairs, And as a bed @Fil take thee, and there lie@ And, in that glorious supposition, think He gains by death, that hath such means to die Let love, being light, be drowned if she sink! Z.MC. What@ are you mad, that you do reason so@@@@? @@Not mad, but mated how, 1 do not know. Luc. It is a fault that springeth from your eye. @@S. @@For gazing on your beams, fair sun, being by. Luc. Gaze where you should, and that will clear y oui sight. Ant. S. As good to wink, sweet love, as look on night. Luc. Why call you me love? call my sister so@@@@@. @@Thy sister's sister. Luc. That's my sister. Ant. S. No It is thyself, mine own self's better part@ Mine eye's clear eye, my dear@heart's dearer heart@ My food, my fortune, and my sweet hope's aim, My sole earth's heaven, and my heaven's @daim. Z~c. AU this my sister is, or el.se should be. @@S. @@Call thyself sister, sweet, for 1 aim thee@ Thee will 1 love, and with thee lead my life Thou hast no husband yet, nor 1 no wife@ Give me thy hand. Z~c. 0, soft, sir, hold you still l'il fetch my sister, to get her good will. 2MZM ~M!. jE~~ r~ house ~c~j ~jE~~Mj, Dromio qf Syracuse@@@@. @@Why, how now, Dromio? where run@'st thou so fast? j9r~ @@Do you know me, sir? am 1 Dromio? am 1 your man? am 1 myself@@@@? S. Thou art Dromio, thou art my man, thou art thyself. Dro. S. 1 am an afs, 1 am a woman's man, and besides myself. Ant. S. What woman's man? and how besides thy-self ? Z~?. Marry, sir, besides myself, 1 am due to a wo-man one that claims me, one that haunts me, one that will have me@@. What @daim lays she to thee ? Dro. S. Marry, sir, such @daim as you would lay to your horse and she would have me as a beast not that, 1 being a beast, she would have me but that she, being a very beastly creature, lays @daim to me. @@S. @@What is she ? Z~Y?. S. A very reverent body ay, such a one as a man may not speak of, without he say, sir-reverence@@ 1 have but lean luck in the match, and yet is she a wondrous fat marriage. Ant. S. How dost thou mean, a fat marriage? Dro. S. Marry, sir, she's the kitchen-wench, and ail grease and 1 know not what use to put her to, but to make a lamp of her, and run from her by her own light. 1 warrant, her rags, and the tallow in them, will burn a Poland winter if she lives till doomsday, she'll burn a week longer than the whole world. @@@@@@@What complexion is she of? Z~.6 . Swart, like my shoe, but her face nothing like so clean kept For why ? she sweats, a man may go over shoes in the grime of it. Ant. S. That's a fault that water will mend. Dro. S. No, sir, 'tis in grain Noah's flood could not do it. ~6 . @@What's her name@? Z~ @@Nell, sir -but her name and three quarters, that is, an ell and three quarters, will not measure her from hip to hip. @6'. @@Then she bears some breadth ? Dro. S. No longer from head to foot, than from hip to hip she is spherical, like a globe 1 could find out coun-tries in her. Ant.@S. In what part of@her body stands Ireland@? Z~ @@Marry, sir, in her buttocks 1 found it out by the bogs. @@~.6'. Where@Scotland? Dro. S. 1 found it by the barrennefs hard, in the palm of@the hand@@@@@. @@Where France? ~c. @@In her forehead arm'd and reverted, making war against her hair. Ant. S. Where England? Dro. S. 1 look'd for the chalky clifîs, but 1 could find no whiteneis in them but 1 guefs, it stood in her chin, by the salt rheum that ran between France and i@@@@@t. @@Where Spain @? J9~ Faith, 1 saw it not but 1 felt it, hot in lier breath. Ant. S. Where America, the Indies? Z~y' ?. 0 sir, upon her nose, ail o'er embellish'd with rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, declining their rich aspect to the hot breath of Spain who sent whole armad@as of carracks to be ballast at her nose. @@S. @@Where stood Belgia, the Netherlands ? Dro. S. 0, sir, 1 did not look so low. To conclude, this drudge, or diviner, laid @daim to me call'd me Dromio swore, 1 was afsur'd to her told me what privy marks 1 had about me, as, the mark of my shoulder, the mole in my neck, the great wart on my left arm, that I, amazed, ran from her as a witch and, 1 think, if my breast had not been made of faith, and my heart of steel, she had transform'd me to a curtail-dog, and made me turn i' thé wheel. @@@Go, hie thee presently, post to the road And if the wind blow any way from shore, 1 will not harbour in this town to-night. If any bark put fbrth, corne to the mart, Where 1 will walk till thou return to me. If every one know@ us, and we know none, 'Tis time, 1 think, to trudge, pack, and be gone. Dro. 6'. As from a bear a man would run for life, So fly 1 from her that would be my wife. ~v~. There's none but witches do inhabit here And therefbre 'tis high time that 1 were hence. She, that doth call me husband, even my soul Doth for a wife abhor@ but her fair sister, Pofsejfs'd with such a gentle sovereign grâce, Ofsuch enchanting presence and discourse, Hath almost made me traitor to myself But, lest myself be guilty to self-wrong, 1~11 stop mine ears against thé mermaid's song. Enter Angelo. Master Antipholus? Ay, that's my name. @@@@1 know it well, sir@ Lo, here is the chain@ 1 thought to have ta'en you at the Por@cupine The chain unfinish'd made me stay thus long. @@What is your will, that 1 shall do with this@@@? What please yourself, sir 1 have made it for you. Ant. S. Made it for me, sir! 1 bespoke it not. @~g. Not once, nor twice, but twenty times you hâve@ Go home with it, and please your wife withal And soon at supper-time l'il visit you, And then receive my money for the chai@@@@n@. @@1 pray you, sir, receive the money now, For fear you ne'er see chain, nor money, more. ~g'. You are a merry man, sir fare you well. jE~. What 1 should think of this, 1 cannot tell But this 1 think, there's no man is so vain, That would refuse so fair an offer'd chain. 1 see, a man here needs not live by shifts, When in the streets he meets such golden gifts. l'Il to the mart, and there for Dromio stay If any ship put out, then straight away. C T ~C~~J? THE SAME. .Z~y a Merchant, ~ ?~ and an Q~C~. Mer. You know, since Pentecost the sum is due, And since 1 have not much importun~ d you Nor now 1 had not, but that 1 am bound To Persia, and want g@ilders for my voyage Therefore make present satisfaction, Or I'll attach you by this officer. @@@@Even just the sum, that 1 do owe to you, Is growing to me by Antipholus@ And, in the instant that 1 met with you, He had of@me a chain at five o'clock, 1 shall receive the money for the same@ Pleaseth you walk with me down to his house, 1 will discharge my bond, and thank you too. Enter ~z~j c M~ and Dromio c~m. That labour may you save see where he cornes. Ant. @@While 1 go to the goldsmith's house, go thou And buy a rope's end that will 1 bestow Among rny wife and her confederates, For locking me out of my doors by day.-But@ soft, 1 see thé goldsmith -gct thee gone Buy thou a l'ope, and bring it home to me. @Z~.jE. 1 buy a thousand pound a year! 1 buy a rope! jE~ Dromio. A man is well holp up, that trusts to you 1 promised your presence, and the chain But neither chain, nor goldsmith, came to me@ Belike, you thought our love would last too long, If it were chain'd together@ and therefore came not. ~xp'. Saving your merry humour, here's the note, How much your cliain weighs to thé utmost carrât The @nnenefs of the gold, and chargeful fashion@ Which doth amount to three odd ducats more Than 1 stand debted to this gentleman 1 pray you, see him presently discharg'd, For he is bound to sea, and stays but for it. @~y~ @@1 am not furnish'd with thé present moncy Bcsides, 1 have some businels in the town@ Good signior, take the stranger to my house, And with you take the chain, and bid my wife Disburse the sum on the receipt thereof Perchance, 1 will be there as soon as you. @@@@Then you will bring the chain to her yourscif? ~y~.jE. No bear it with you, lest 1 come not time enougli. Ang. Well, sir, 1 will@ Have you the chain about you? Ant. E. An if I have not, sir, 1 hope you have Or eise you may return without your money. @N@@@ay, corne, 1 pray you, sir, give me thé chain, Both wind and tide stays for this gentleman, And I, to blarne, have held him hère too long. @jE. @@Good lord, you use this dalliance, to excuse Your breach of promise to thé Por@cupine@ 1 should have chid you for not bringing it, But, like a shrew, you first begin to brawl. @@@@@Mer. The hour steals on 1 pray you, sir, despatch. ~yz~. You hear, how he importunes me @the chain@@-jS. @@Why, give it to my wife, and fetch your money. @@@@Come, corne, you know, 1 gave it you even now@ Either send the chain, or send me by some toke@@@n. Fye now you run this humour out of breath@ Corne, where's thé chain? t pray you, let me see it. My businels cannot brook this dalliance@ Good sir, say, whe@@'r you'@H answer me, or no If not, l'il ieave him to the officer. @jE. @@1 answer you@ what should 1 answer you @@? The money, that you owe me for the chain. @owe you none, till 1 receive the chain. ~g'. You know, 1 gave it you half an hour since. je'. @@You gave me none you wrong me much to say so. @@@@You wrong me more, sir, in denying it Consider, how it stands upon my credit. @@@@@Mer. Well o@@mcer, arrest him at my suit. @@@@I@do And charge you, in the duke's name, to obey me. ~z~. This touches me in réputation@ Either consent to pay this sum for me, Or 1 attach you by this of@ncer. ~jE'. @@Consent to pay thee that 1 never had! Arrest me, foolish fellow, if thou dar'st. @@@@Here is thy fee arrest him, o@nicer -1 would not spare my brother in tins case, If he should scorn me so apparently. @C~ 1 do arrest you, sir you hear the sui@@@@@t. @@1 do obey thee, till 1 give thee bail -But, sirrah, you shall buy this sport as dear As ail thé métal in your shop will answer. @@@@Sir, sir, 1 shall have law in Ephesus, To your notorious shame, 1 doubt it not. jËy~y Z~f~M' ? 6 '~c~ T?~ Master, there is a bark of@Epidamnum, That stays but till her owner comes aboard, And then, sir,@@@@ bears away@ our fraughtage, sir, 1 have convey@d aboard and 1 have bought Thé oil, the balsamum, and aqua-vitoe. The ship is in hcr trim the merry wind Blows fair from land they stay for nought at all, But for their owner, master, and yourself. @@How@now' a@madman! Why@@thou peevish sheep, What ship of Epidamnum stays for me? Z~. 6'. A ship you sent me to, to hire waftage. ~?~. @@Thou drunken slave, 1 sent thee for a rope And told thee to wliat purpose, and what end. Drc. @@You sent me, sir, for a rope's-end as soon You sent me to thé bay, sir, for a bark@@@@@. @@I will debate this matter at more leisure, And teach your ears to list@en with more heed. To Adriana, villain, hie thee straight Give her this key, and tell her, in the desk That's cover'd o'er with Turkish tapestry, There is a purse of ducats let her send it Tell her, 1 am arrested in the street, And that shall bail me hie thee, slave@ be gone. On, officer, to prison till it corne. jE~~ Merchant, Angelo, ~c~ and j~ To Adriana! that is where we din'd, Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband She is too big, 1 hope, for me to compafs. Thither 1 must, although against my will, For servants must their masters' minds fulfil. 2M. ~C~~J? Il THE SAME. jE~ ~M~ and Luciana ~y Ah, Luciana, did he tempt thee@so? Might'st thou perceive austerely in his eye That he did plead in earnest, yea or no? Look'd he or red, or pale@ or sad, or merrily? What observation mad'st thou in this case, Of@his heart's meteors tilting in his face? Luc. First, he denied you had in him no right. @@@@He meant, he did me none the more my spite. Luc. Then swore he, that he was a stranger here. @@@@And true he swore, though yet forsworn he were. Luc. Then pleaded 1 for you. A@@@@nd what said he ? Luc. That love 1 begg'd for you, he begg'd of me. @@@@With what persuasion did he tempt thy love? Z~c. With words, that in an honest suit might move. First, he did praise my beauty@ then, my speech. @D@id@'st speak him fair? Luc. Have patience, 1 beseech. ~y. 1 cannot, nor 1 will not, hold me still My tongue, though not my heart, shall have his will. He is deformed, crooked, old, and sere, îll-fac'd, worse-bodied, shapelefs every where Vicious, ungentle, foolish, blunt, unkind@ Stigmatical in making, worse in mind. Luc. Who would be jealous then of such a one? No evil lost is wai@Fd when it is gone. @~r. Ah! but t think him better than 1 say, And yet would herein others' eyes were worse@ Far from her nest the lapwing cries away My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse. Enter Dromio ~CMJ~. Z~fc. S. Hère, go the desk, the purse@ sweet@ now, make haste. JL~c. How hast thou lost thy breath? Dn9. 6 . By running fast. ~f. Where is thy master, Dromio ? is he well ? Dro. S. No, he's in Tartar limbo, worse than hell@ A devil in an everlasting garment hath him, One, whose hard heart is button'd up with steel A @nend, a fairy, pitilefs and rough A wolf, nay, worse, a fellow ail in bufi A baek-friend, a shoulder-clapper, one that countermands The pafsages of alleys, creeks, and narrow lands A hound tliat runs counter, and yet draws dry-foot well One that, before the judg@ment, carries poor soûls to hell. @~r. Why, man, what is the mattcr? Z~6'. Ido@not@know@the@matter he@is@'restedon@the case. @~r. What, is he arrested? tell me, at whose suit. Z~?.@~ 1 know not at whose suit hc is arrested, well But he's in a suit of buff, which 'rested him, that can 1 tell@ Will you send him, mistrefs, rédemption, thé money In thé desk? ~r. Go fetch it, sister.-This 1 wonder at, ~~ Z, That he, unknown to me, should be in dcbt -Tell me, was he arrested on a band? Dro. S. Not on a band, but on a stronger thing~ A chain, a chain@ do you not hear it ring? ~7'. What, thé chain? Dro. S. No, no, the bell 'tis time, that 1 were gone. It was two ere 1 left him, and now the @dock strikes one. @@@@Thé hours corne back! that did 1 never hear. Dro. S. 0 yes, if any hour meet a sergeant, a' turns back for very fear. @~r. As if time were in debt! how fondly dost thou reason ? Dro. 5 . Time is a very bankrupt, and owes more than he's worth, to season. Nay, he's a thief too Have you not heard men say, That time cornes stealing on by night and day? If @@he be in debt, and theft, a-nd a sergeant in the way, Hath he not reason to turn back an hour in a day ? Enter Luciana. ~r. Go, Dromio there's the money, bear it straight@ And bring thy master home immediately.-Come, sister 1 am prefs' d down with conceit@ Conceit, my comfbrt, and my Injury. ~~M~. ~C~~ J77 THE SAME. Enter ~y~M~ of Syracuse. @@There's not a man 1 meet, but doth salute me As if@l were their well-acquainted friend And every one doth call me by my name. Some tender money to me, some invite me Some other give me thanks for kindnefses Some o@Ner me commodities to buy Even now a tailor cal@Pd me in his shop, And show'd me silks that he had bought for me, And, therewithal, took rneasure of@my body. Sure, these are but imaginary wiles, And Lapland sorcerers inhabit here. Enter Z~~ 9 '6 '~CM~. Z y' 6'. Master, here's the gold you sent me for@ What, have you got thé picture of old Adam new apparell'd@@@@? @@What gold is this? What Adam dost thou mean ? Z~ @@Not that Adam, that kept the paradise, but that Adam, that keeps thé prison he that goes in@@@@ calf's-skin that was kill'd for the prodigal he that came behind you, sir, like an evil angel, and bid you forsake your liberty. @@S. @@1 understand thee not. Dro. S. No? why, 'tis a plain case he that went@ like a base-viol, in a case of l.eather thé man, sir, that, when gentlemen are tired, gives them a fob, and 'rests them he, sir, that takes pity on decayed men, and gives them suits of durance he that sets up his rest to do more exploits with his mace, than a morris-pike. ~6'. @@What@ thoumean'st@an@ofncer? 3r ?. Ay, sir, the sergeant of the band he that brings any man to answer it, that breaks his band one that thinks a man always going to bed, and says, @God give j~M ~~r~ Well, sir, there rest in your foolery@ Is there any ship puts fbrth to-night ? may we be goiie ? Dro. @@Why, sir, 1 brought you word an Iiour since, that the bark Expédition put forth to-night and then were you hindered by thé sergeant, to tarry for thé hoy, Delay@ Here are thé angels that you sent for, to deliver you. @6'. @@Thé fellow is distract, and so am 1 And here we wander in illusions Some blefsed power deliver us from hence@ Enter a Courtezan. C ?Mr. Well met, well met, master Antipholus. 1 see, sir, you have fbund the goldsrnith no v Is that the chain, you promis'd me to-day@@@@? S@@atan, avoid@ 1 charge thee@ ternpt me not@ @Z~r ?. Master, is this mistrefs Satan@@@@? @@It is the devil. Z~?. @@Nay, she is worse, she is the devil's dam and here she cornes in thé habit of a light wench and tliereof' cornes, that the wenches say, God me@, that's as muc@@ii as to say, God a z~ It is written, they appear to men like angels of light light is an effect of fire, and fire will burn @@~c, light wenches will burn@ Corne not near her. C@@~ Your man and you are marvellons merry, sir. Will you go with me? We@~l mend our dinner hère. Dro. S. Master, if you do@ expect spoon-rneat, or bespeak a long spoon. ~6'. @@Why, Dromio? Z ~. @@Marry, he must have a long spoon, that must eat with the devil. A@@@@@@@void then, fiend@ what tell'st thou me of supping ? Thou@art, as you are all, a sorcerefs 1 conjure thee to leave me, and be gone. Cour. Give me the ring of mine you had at dinner, Or, ibr my diamond, the chain you promis'd~ And @@@m be gone, sir, and not trouble you. @@Z~ S@@ome devils ask but the paring@ of one's nail, A rush, a hair, a drop of blood, a pin, A nut, a cherry-stone but she, more covetous, Would have a chain. Master, be wise an' if you give it her, The devil will shake her chain, and fright us with it. Cour. 1 pray you, sir, my ring, or else the chain 1 hope, you do not mean to cheat me so. @@S. @@Avaunt, thou witch! Corne Dromio, let us go. Dyc.'5'. Fly pride,@ says the peacock Mistrefs, that@you know. Exeunt Ant. S. and Z~f ?. CcM~ Now, out of doubt, Antipholus is mad, Else would he never so demean himself@ A ring he hath of mine worth fbrty ducats, And for thé same he promis'd me a chain Both one, and other, he denies me now. The reason that 1 gather he is mad, Besides this present instance of his rage, Is a mad tale, he told to-day at dinner, Of his own doors being shut against his entrance. Belike, his wife, acquainted with his fits, On purpose shut the doors against his way. My way is now, to hie home to his house, And tell his wife, that, being lunatic, He rush'd into my house, and took perforce My ring away@ This course 1 fittest choose For forty ducats is too much to lose. jË~. ~C~~J? THE SAME. Enter ~y~MMj ~~ ~M~ and an Q~c~. Fear me not, man, 1 will not break away 1~11 give thee, ere 1 leave thee, so much money@ To warrant thee, as 1 am 'rested for. My wife is in a wayward mood to-day@ And will not lightly trust the mefsenger, That 1 should be attach'd in Ephesus@ 1 tell you, 'twill sound harshly in her ears. Enter Dromio 6 jE~~MJ with a end. Here comes my man 1 think he brings the money. How now, sir? have you that 1 sent you for? Dro. E. Here's that, 1 warrant you, will pay them all. @~?. @@But where's the money? Z~. @@Why, sir, 1 gave the money for the rope@@@@@. @@Five hundred ducats, villain, for a rope? Z~j~. @@I'll serve you, sir, five hundred at the rate. @@T@@@@@o what end did 1 bid thee hie thee home ? Dro. E. To a rope's end, sir and to that end am 1 return'd. Ant. E. And to that end, sir, 1 will welcome you. ~ him. Q~ Good sir, be patient. @@Z~ @@Nay, 'tis for me to be patient 1 am in ad-versity. @@@@Good now, hold thy tongue. 2~?. jE. Nay, rather persuade him to hold his hands. Ant. E. Thou whoreson, senselefs villain@ Dro. j~. 1 would 1 were senselefs, sir, that 1 might not feel your blows. @j~. @@Thou art sensible in nothing but blows, and so is an afs. @@Z~ @@1 am an aïs, indeed you may prove it by my long ears. 1 have serv'd him from the hour of my nativity to this instant, and have nothing at his hands for my ser-vice, but blows@ when 1 am cold, he heats me with beat-ing when 1 am warm, he cools me with beating 1 am waked with it, when 1 sleep raised with it, when 1 sit driven out of doors with it, when 1 go from home wel-comed home with it, when 1 return nay, 1 bear it on my shoulders, as a beggar wont her brat and, 1 think, when he hath lamed me, 1 shall beg with it from door to door. Enter Adriana, Zz~~yz~ and the Courtezan, with Pinch, and others. Ant. E. Corne, go along my wife is coming yonder. Dyc. Mistrels, ~~c~M, respect your end or ra-ther@ the prophecy, like the parrot, Bezoare the end. ~jE. @@Wilt thou still talk? beat@@s him. Cour. How say you now ? is not your husband mad @@? His incivility confirms no lefs.-Good doctor Pinch, you are a conjurer Establish him in his true sense again, And 1 will please you what you will demand. Luc. Alas, how fiery and how sharp he looks! Cour. Mark, how he trembles in his ecstacy@ Pinch. Give me your hand, and let me feel your pulse. @@E. @@There is my hand, and let it feel your ear. Pinch. 1 charge thee, Satan, hous'd within this man, To yield pofsefsion. to my holy prayers, And to thy state of darknefs hie thee straight 1 conjure thee by all the saints in heaven. j6'. @@Peace, doting wizard, peace@ 1 am not mad. @@@@0, that thou wert not, poor distrefsed soûl! Ant. E. You minion, you, are these your customers? Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house to-day, Whiist upon me the guilty doors were shut, And 1 denied to enter in my house? ~r. 0, husband, God doth know, you din'd at home, Where 'would you had remain'd until this time, Free from these slanders, and this open shame! @@@1 @@din'd at home@ Thou villain, what say'st thou@? Z~ @@Sir, sooth to say, you did not dine at home. @@@@@@@Were not my doors lock'd up, and 1 shut out? .Dro. E. Perd@y, your doors were lock'd, and you shut out. An@@@@@@@d did not she herself revile me there ? J9~.jE. Sans fable, she herself revil' d you there. @@E. @@Did not her kitchen-maid rail, taunt, and scorn me? Z~.jE. Certes, she did the kitchen-vestal scorn'd you. @j~. @@And did not 1 in rage depart from thence ? Z~rc.jE. In verity, you did -my bones bear witnefs, That since have felt the vigour of his rage. @~r. Is't good to sooth@ him in these contraries? Pinch. It is no shame the fellow finds his vein, And, yielding to him, humours well his frenzy. Ant. E. Thou hast suborn'd the goldsmith to arrest me. ~y. Alas, 1 sent you money to redeem you, By Dromio here, who came in haste for it. Z~ ?. j~. Money by me ? heart and good will you might, But, surely, master, not a rag of money. @@@@@@@Went'st not thou to her for a purse of ducats? ~r. He came to me, and 1 deliver'd it. jL~c. And 1 am witnefs with her, that she did. Z~fc. 2~. God and the rope-maker, bear me witnefs, That 1 was sent for nothing but a rope@ Pinch. Mistrels, both man and master is pofsefs'd 1 know it by their pale and deadly looks They must be bound, and laid in some dark room. @@@@@@@Say, wherefore didst thou lock me forth to-day, And why dost thou deny the bag of gold @@? 1 did not, gentle husband, lock thee forth. Dro. E. And, gentle master, 1 receiv'd no gold But 1 confefs, sir, that we were lock'd out. @~r. Difsembling villain, thou speak'st false in both. @@E. @@Difsembling harlot, thou art false in all And art confederate with a damned pack, To make a loathsome abject scorn of me But with these nails l'il pluck out these false eyes, That would behold in me this shameful sport. Pinch and his ~j~~ bind Antipholus and Dromio. ~r. 0, bind him, bind him, let him not come near me. Pinch. More company -thé fiend is strong within him. Z.MC. Ah me, poor man, how pale and wan he looks@ @j~. @@What, will you murder me? Thou gaoler, thou, 1 am thy prisoner wilt thou suffer them To make a rescue ? ~ Masters, let him go He is my prisoner, and you shall not have him. @@~c~. Go, bind this man, for he is frantic too. ~r. What wilt thou do, thou peevish o@Hicer? Hast thou delight to see a wretched man Do outrage and displeasure to himself@@@? He is my prisoner if 1 let him go, The debt he owes, will be requir'd of me. @~r. 1 will discharge thee, ere 1 go from thee Bear me forthwith unto his créditer, And, knowing how the debt grows, 1 will pay it. Good master doctor, see him safe convey'd Home to my house.-0 most unhappy day! Ant. E. 0 most unhappy strumpet@ Z~ j~. Master, 1 am here enter'd in bond for you. Ant. E. Out on thee, villain! wherefore dost thou mad me? Dro. @@Will you be bound for nothing? be mad, Good master cry, the devil@. Luc. God help, poor souls, how idly do they talk! Adr. Go bear him hence.-Sister, go you with me.-2~~ Pinch and afsistants with and Z~ Say now, whose suit is he arrested at@@@? One Angelo, a goldsmith Do you know him ? Adr. 1 know the man@ What is the sum he owes @@? Two hundred ducats. Adr. Say, how grows it due @@? Due for a chain, your husband had of him. Adr. He did bespeak a chain for me, but had it not. Cour. When as your husband, all in rage, to-day Came to my house, and took away my ring, The ring 1 saw upon his finger now, Straight after, did 1 meet him with a chain. Adr. It may be so, but 1 did never see it. Come, gaoler, bring me where the goldsmith is, 1 long to know the truth hereof at large. Enter ~~MM~ Syracuse@@@@, his rapier drawn, and Dromio C~~f~CM~. Luc. God, for thy mercy@ they are loose again. ~y. And corne with naked swords@ let's call more help, To have them bound again. @@@@Away, they'll kill us. jE~~ Q~c~ Adriana, and Z~CM! Ant. S. 1 see, these witches are afraid of swords. Dro. S. She, that would be your wife, now ran from you. @@S. @@Corne to the Centaur fetch our stuff from thence 1 long, that we were safe and sound aboard. Dro. @@Faith, stay here this night, they will surely do us no harrn you saw, they speak us fair, give us gold methinks, they are such a gentle nation, that@ but for the mountain of mad flesh that claims marriage of me, 1 could find in my heart to stay here still, and@@ turn witch@@@@. @@1 will not stay to-night for all the town Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard. ~~M~. c y ~c~~jE THE SAME. Enter Merchant and Angelo. 1 am sorry, sir, that 1 have hinder'd you But, 1 protest, he had the chain of me, Though most dishonestly he doth deny it@@@@@. Mer. How is the man esteem'd here in the city? ~g'. Of very reverent reputation, sir, Of credit infinite, highly belov'd, Second to none that lives here in the city His word might bear my wealth at any time. @@@@@Mer. Speak softly yonder, as 1 think, he walks. Enter and Dromio of Syracuse. @@@@'Tis so and that self chain about his neck, Which he forswore, most monstrously, to have. Good sir, draw near to me, I'll speak to him. Signior Antipholus, 1 wonder much That you would put me to this shame and trouble And@ not without some scandai to yourself, With circumstance, and oaths, so to deny This chain, which now you wear so openly Besides the charge, the shame, imprisonment, You have done wrong to this my honest friend@ Who, but for staying on our controversy, Had hoisted sail, and put to sea to-day This chain you had of me, can you deny i@@@@t? 1 think, 1 had 1 never did deny it@@@@@. Mer. Yes, that you did, sir@ and forswore it too. Ant. S. Who heard me to deny it, or forswear it@@@@? Mer. These ears of mine, thou knowest, did hear thee@ Fye on thee, wretch! 'tis pity, that thou liv'st To walk where any honest men resort. @@S. @@Thou art a villain, to impeach me thus l'Il prove mine honour and mine honesty Against thee presently, if thou dar'st stand@@@@@. Mer. 1 dare, and do defy thee for a villain. @@~~ draw. Enter Adriana, Luciana, Courtezan, and others. @~r. Hold, hurt him not, for God's sake@ he is mad -Some get within him, take his sword away Bind Dromio too, and bear them to my house. Dro. S. Run, master, run for God's sake, take a house. This is some priory -In, or we are spoil'd. Exeunt Antipholus and Dromio to the Priory. Enter the @@@@Be quiet, people@ Wherefore throng you hither@@@? To fetch my poor distracted husband hence@ Let us corne in, that we may bind him fast, And bear him home for his recovery. @@@@1 knew, he was not in his perfect wit@@@s@@. Mer. 1 am sorry now, that 1 did draw on him. @@@@How long hath this pofsefsion held the man ? ~y This week he hath been heavy, sour, sad, And much, much different from the man he was But, till this afternoon, his pafsion Ne'er brake into extremity of rage. @@@@Hath he not lost much wealth by wreck at sea ? Bury'd some dear friend? Hath not else his eye Stray'd his affection in unlawful love? A sin, prevailing much in youthful men, Who give their eyes the liberty of gazing. Which of these sorrows is he subject to? ~y. To none of these, except it be the last Namely, some love, that drew him oft from home. @@@@You should for that have reprehended him. Adr. Why, so 1 did. A@@@@y, but not rough enough. Adr. As roughly, as my modesty would let me. Abb. Haply, in private. @~r. And in afsemblies too. @@@@Ay, but not enough. @~r. It was the copy of our conférence In bed, he slept not for my urging it At board, he fed not for my urging it Alone, it was the subject of my theme In company, 1 often glanced it Still did 1 tell him it was vile and bad. @@@@And thereof came it, that the man was mad The venom clamours of a jealous woman Poison@ more deadly than a mad dog's tooth. It seems, his sleeps were hinder'd by thy railing@ And therefore comes it, that his head is light. Thou say'st, his meat was sauc'd with thy upbraidings Unquiet meals make ill digestions, Thereof the raging @nre of fever bred And what's a fever but a fit of@madnefs? Thou say'st, his sports were hinder'd by thy brawls Sweet recreation barr'd, what doth ensue, But moody and dull melancholy, Kinsman to grim and comfbrtiefs despair@ And, at her heels, a huge infectious troop Of pale distemperatures, and foes to life? In food, in sport, and life-preserving rest To be disturb'd, would mad or man, or beast The consequence is then, thy jealous fits Have scared thy husband from the use of wits. Z,MC. She never reprehended him but mildly, When he demean'd himself rough, rude, and wildly. Why bear you these rebukes, and answer not? ~y. She did betray me to my own reproof.-Good people, enter, and lay hold on him. @@@@No, not a creature enters in my house. @~r. Then, let your servants bring my husband forth. @@@@Neither he took this place for sanctuary, And it shall privilege him from your hands, Till 1 have brought him to his wits again, Or lose my labour in afsaying it. @@@@1 will attend my husband, be his nurse, Diet his sicknefs, for it is my office, And will have no attorney but myself And therefore let me have him home with me. @B@@@e patient for 1 will not let him stir, Till 1 have used the approved means 1 have, With wholesome syrups, drugs, and holy prayers, To make of him a formai man again It is a branch and parcel of mine oath, A charitable duty of my order@ Therefore depart, and leave him here with me. @~y 1 will not hence, and leave my husband here And ill it doth beseem your holinefs, To separate the husband and the wife. @@@@Be quiet, and depart, thou shalt not have him. Exit@ Z~c. Complain unto the duke of this indignity. @@@@Corne, go 1 will fall prostrate at his feet, And never rise until my tears and prayers Have won his grace to corne in person hither, And take perforce my husband from the abbe@@@fs@@. Mer. By this, 1 think, the dial points at five Anon, 1 am sure, the duke himself in person Cornes this way to the melancholy vale@ The place of death and sorry execution, Behind the ditches of the abbey here. ~yz~. Upon what cause ? jM @?r. To see a reverend Syracus@an merchant, Who put unluckily into this bay Against the @aws and statutes of this town, Beheaded publicly for his offence. @@@@See, where they come we will behold his death. Luc. Kneel to the duke, before he pafs the abbey. Enter @Z~M~ attended @@~Es~ bare-headed, with the Headsman and other Q~ Z~z~. Yet once again proclaim it publicly, If any friend will pay the sum for him,@ He shall not die, so much we tender him. ~y. Justice, most sacred duke, against the abbels' @@Z~ She is a virtuous and a reverend lady It cannot be, that she hath done thee wrong. @~r. May it please your grace, Antipholus, my hus-band, Whom 1 made lord of me and all I had, At your important letters,-this ill day A most outrageous fit of madnels took him That desperately he hurried through the street, With him his bondman, all as mad as he,@ Doing displeasure to the citizens By rushing in their houses, bearing thence Rings, jewels, any thing his rage did like. Once did 1 get him bound, and sent him home, Whiist to take order for the wrongs 1 went, That here and there his fury had committed. Anon, 1 wot not by what strong escape, He broke from those that had the guard of him And, with his mad attendant and himself, Each one with ireful pafsion, with drawn swords, Met us again, and, madly bent on us, Chased us away till, raising of more aid, We came again to bind them@ then they fled Into this abbey, whither we pursued them And here the abbefs shuts the gates on us, And will not suffer us'to fetch him out, Nor send him forth, that we may bear him hence. Therefore, most gracious duke, with thy command, Let him be brought forth, and borne hence for help. Duke. Long since, thy husband serv'd me in my wars@ And 1 to thee engag'd a prince's word, When thou didst make him master of thy bed, To do him all the grace and good 1 could.-Go, some of you, knock at the abbey-gate, And bid the lady abbefs come to me@ 1 will determine this, before 1 stir. Enter a Servant. ~y~. 0 mistrefs, mistrefs, shift and save yourself! My master and his man are both broke loose, Beaten the maids a-row, and bound the doctor, Whose beard they have singed off with brands of fire And ever@ as it blazed, they threw on him Great pails of puddled mire to quench the hair My master preaches patience to him@@@@@@@@ while His man with scifsars nicks him like a fool@ And, sure, unlefs you send some present help, Between them they will kill the conjurer. @@@@Peace, fool, thy master and his man are here@ And that is false, thou dost report to us. Serv. Mistrefs, upon my life, 1 tell you true 1 have not breath'd almost, since 1 did see it. He cries for you, and vows, if he can take you, To scorch your face, and to disfigure you@ cry w@@@@@~ Hark, hark, 1 hear him, mistrefs fly, be gone. .ZM~. Corne, stand by me, fear nothing@ Guard with halberds, A@@@@h me, it is my husband@ Witnefs you, That he is borne about invisible Even now we hous' d him in the abbey here And now he's there, past thought of human reason. Enter Antipholus and Dromio C~JM~. J~. Justice, most gracious duke, oh, grant me justice@ Even for the service that long since 1 did thee, When 1 bestrid thee in the wars, and took Deep scars to save thy life even for the blood That then 1 lost for thee, now grant me justice. ~Eg~z. Unlefs the fear of death doth make me dote, 1 see my son Antipholus, and Dromio. Ant. E. Justice, sweet prince, against that woman there. She whom thou gav'st to me to be my wife@ That hath abused and dishonour'd me, Even in the strength and height of injury@ Beyond imagination is the wrong, That she this day hath shamelefs thrown on me. .ZM~. Discover how, and thou shalt find me just. @j~. @@This day, great duke, she shut the doors upon me, While she with harlots feasted in my house. Z~M~. A grievous fault@ Say, woman, didst thou so@@@? No, my good lord -myselr, he, and my sister, To-day did dine together@ So befa@l my soûl, As this is false, he burdens me withal! Luc. Ne'er may 1 look on day, nor sleep on night, But she tells to your highnefs simple truth@ @@@@0 perjur'd woman! They are both forsworn, In this the madman justly chargeth them. ~jE. @@My liege, 1 am advised what 1 say@ Neither disturb'd with the effect of wine, Nor heady-rash, provok'd with raging ire, Albeit, my wrongs might make one wiser mad. This woman lock'd me out this day from dinner That goldsmith there, were he not pack'd with lier, Could witnefs it, for he was with me then, Who parted with me to go fetch a chain, Promising to bring it to the Por@cupine, Where Balthazar and 1 did dine together. Our dinner done, and he not coming thither, 1 went to seek him in thé street 1 me@t him And in his company, that gentleman. There did this perjur'd goldsmith swear me down, That 1 this day of him receiv'd the chain, Which, God he knows, 1 saw not for the which, He did arrest me with an officer. 1 did obey@ and sent my peasant home For certain ducats he with none return'd. Then fairly 1 bespoke the officer, To go in person with me to my house. By the way we met My wife, her sister, and a rabble more Of vile confederates@ along with them They brought one Pinch@ a hungry lean-faced villain, A mere anatomy, a mountebank, A thread-bare juggler, and a fortune-teller@ A needy, hollow-ey'd, sharp-looking wretch, A living dead man this pernicious slave, Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer@ And, gazing in mine eyes, feeling my pulse, And with no face, as 'twere, outfacing me, Cries out, 1 was poisefs'd@ then al@@together They fell upon me, bound me, bore me thence And in a dark and dankish vault at home There left me and my man, both bound together Till@ gnawing with my teeth my bonds in sunder, 1 gain'd my freedom, and immediately Ran hither to your grace whom 1 beseech To give me ample satisfaction For these deep shames and great indignities. @@@@My lord, in truth, thus far 1 witnefs with him@ That he dined not at home, but was lock'd out. .ZM~. But had he such a chain of thee or no@@@? He had, my lord and when he ran in here, These people saw the chain about his neck. @@@@@Mer. Besidës, 1 will be sworn, these ears of mine Heard you confefs, you had the chain of him, After you first for@swore it on the mart, And, thereupon, 1 drew my sword on you And then you fled into this abbey here, From whence, 1 think, you are come by miracle. Ant. E. 1 never came within these abbey walls, Nor ever didst thou draw thy sword on me 1 never saw the chain, so help me heaven! And this is false, you burden me withal. Duke. Why, what an intricate impeach is this@ 1 think, you all have drank of Circe's cup. If here you hous'd him, here he would have been If he were mad, he would not plead so coldly You say, he dined at home the goldsmith here Denies that saying -Sirrah, what say you ? Dro. E. Sir, he dined with her there, at the Por@cupine. Cour. He did@ and from my finger snatch'd that ring. @@@@@@@'Tis true, my liege, this ring 1 had of her. Duhe. Saw'st thou him enter at the abbey here? Cour. As sure, my liege, as 1 do see your grace. 2M~. Why, this is strange -Go call the abbefs hither@ 1 think, you are all mated, or stark mad. ~E~ x~ ~Eg~z. Most mighty duke, vouchsafe me speak a word. Haply, 1 see a friend will save my life, And pay the sum that may deliver me. Duke. Speak freely, Syracus@an, what thou wilt. @@J~ Is not your name, sir, call.'d Antipholus? And is not that your bondman@ Dromio? Dro. @@Within this hour 1 was his bondman, sir, But he, 1 thank him, gnaw'd in two my cords Now am 1 Dromio, and his man, unbound. @@@@@1 am sure, you both of you remember me. Dro. E. Ourselves we do remember, sir, by you For lately we were bound, as you are now. You are not Pinch's patient, are you, sir? ~g~z. Why look you strange on me ? you know me well. @@E. @@1 never saw you in my life, till now. ~E~ Oh! grief hath chang'd me, since you saw me last@ And careful hours, with Time's deformed hand Hâve written strange defeatures in my face But tell me yet, dost thou not know my voice ? Ant. E. Neither. @@@@@Dromio, nor thou? Dro. E. No, trust me, sir, nor I. @@@@@1 am sure, thou dost. Dro. J?. Ay, sir? but 1 am sure, 1 do not and whatso-ever a man denies, you are now bound to believe him. @@@@@Not know my voice! 0, time's extremity@ Hast thou so crack'd and splitted my poor tongue, In seven short years, that here my only son Knows not my feeble key of untun'd cares ? Though now this grained face of mine be hid In sap-consuming winter's drizzled snow, And all the conduits of my blood froze up@ Yet hath my night of life some memory, My wasting lamps some fading glimmer left, My dull deaf ears a little use to hear Ail these old witnefses I cannot err, Tell me, thou art my son Antipholus@@@@@. E. 1 never saw my father in my life. ~Eg~z. But seven years since, in Syracusa, boy, Thou know'st, we parted but, perhaps, my son, Thou sham'st to acknowledge me in misery. Ant. E. The duke, and all that know me in the city, Can witnefs with me that it is not so 1 ne'er saw Syracusa in my life. Duke. 1 tell thee, Syracus@an, twenty years Have 1 been patron to Antipholus, During which time he ne'er saw Syracusa 1 see, thy age and dangers make thee dote. Enter the ~~ with ~~M~ Syracusan, and Dromi@o Syracus@an. Most mighty duke, behold a man much wrong'd. all galher to see A~. ~y. 1 see two husbands, or mine eyes deceive me. j~M~. One of these men is Genius to the other And so of these@ Which is the natural man, And which the spirit? Who deciphers them? Dro. S. I, sir, am Dromio command him away. Dro. E. I, sir, am Dromio pray, let me stay. Ant. S. ~Egeon, art thou not? or else his ghost@? Z~ @@0, my old master! who hath bound him here @@? Whoever bound him, 1 will loose his bonds, And gain a husband by his liberty -Speak, old ~Egeon, if thou be'st the man That hadst a wife once call'd ~Emilia, That bore thee at a burden two fair sons 0, if thou be'st the same ~Egeon, speak, And speak unto the same ~Emilia@ ~g~z. If 1 dream not, thou art ~Emilia If thou art she, tell me, where is that son That floated with thee on the fatal raft@@@? By men of Epidamnum, he, and I, And thé twin Dromio, all were taken up But, by and by, rude fishermen of Corinth By force took Dromio, and my son from them, And me they left with those of' Epidamnum@ What then became of them, 1 cannot tell I, to this fortune that you see me in. ZM~. Why, here begins his morning story right These two Antipholus's, these two so like, And these two Dromios, one in semblance,-@Besides her urging of her wreck at sea,-@These are the parents to these children, Which accidentally are met together. Antipholus, thou cam'st from Corinth first. ~6'. @@No, sir, not I 1 came from Syracuse. Duke. Stay, stand apart 1 know not which is which. @J~. @@1 came from Corinth, my most gracious lord@@. Dy ?. jE. And 1 with him. Ant. E. Brought to this town by that most famous warrior@ Duke Menaphon, your most renowned uncle. ~y. Which of you two did dine with me to-day@@@@? @@I, gentle mistrefs. @@@@And are not you my husband? ~jE. @@No, 1 say nay to that. @@And so do I, yet did she call me so And this fair gentlewoman, her sister here, Did call me brother@@@@ -What 1 told you then, 1 hope, 1 shall have leisure to make good If this be not a dream, 1 see, and hear. @@@@That is the chain, sir, which you had of me. @@@~ @@1 think it be, sir 1 deny it not. @@E. @@And you, sir, for this chain arrested me. @@@@1 think 1 did, sir 1 deny it not. @@@@1 sent you money, sir, to be your bail, By Dromio but 1 think he brought it not. Dro. E. No, none by me. @@T@@@@@his purse of ducats 1 receiv'd from you, And Dromio@ my man@ did bring them me@ 1 see, we still did meet each other's man, And 1 was ta'en for him, and he for me, And thereupon these Errors are arose. @@E. @@These ducats pawn 1 for my father here. @JM~ It shall not need, thy father hath his life. Cour. Sir, 1 must have that diamond from you. @@E. @@There, take it and much thanks for my good cheer. @@@@Renowned duke, vouchsafe to take the pains To go with us into the abbey here, And hear at large discoursed all our fortunes And all that are afsembled in this place, That by this sympathized one day's error Have suffer' d wrong, go, keep us company, And we shall make full satisfaction.-Twenty-@five years have 1 but gone in travail Of you, my sons nor, till this present hour, My heavy bur@dens are@ delivered -The duke, my husband, and my children both, And you the calendars of their nativity, Go to a gofsip's feast, and go with me After so long grief, such @nativity! Duke. With all my heart, I'll golsip at this feast. jE~M~ Z~z~ Abbefs, J~~y~ C ?My~ Merchant, and Attendants. Dro. @@Master, shall 1 fetch your stuff from ship-board? Ant. E. Dromio, what stuffof@mine hast thou embark'd? Dro. S. Your goods, that lay at host, sir, in the. Centaur. @@@@@@@He speaks to me@ 1 am your master, Dromio Come, go with us we'll look to that anon Embrace thy brother there, rejoice with him. jE'~M~~ Antipholus and E. Adriana and Luciana. Dro. S. There is a fat friend at your master's house, That kitchen'd me for you to-day at dinner She now shall be my sister, not my wife. Dro. jE. Methinks, you are my glafs, and not my brother 1 see by you, 1 am a sweet-faced youth. Will you walk in to see their gofsiping ? Dro. S. Not I, sir you are my elder. Z~?. @@That's a question how shall we try it? Z~rc. @@We'll draw cuts for the senior till then, lead thou @nrst. @Z~. @@Nay, then@ thus We came into the world, like brother and brother And now let's go hand in hand, not one before another. ~MM~. ~7 ~t Z.M~ CO. DRAMATIC WORKS 0F SHAKSPEARE. REVISED ~r GEORGE yy~jv~. LONDON PRINTED BY W. BULMERANDCO. ~att~MM ~ctntht~B ~ FOR JOHN AND JOSIAH BOYDELL, AND GEORGE NICOL FroM Types of W. Martin. 1791. THE m C~~O ~0~ JVCT~ JVG PERSONS 3F THE DRAMA Don Pedro, Prince of Arragon. Don ~o~K, ~M Bastard Brother. Claudio, a young LordSE. Enter Leonato, Hero, and Beatrice, ~A Mefsenger. LEONATO 1 LJEARN in this letter, that Don Pedro of Arragon comes this night to Mefsina. Mes. He is very near by this he was not three leagues off when I left him. Z~c~. How many gentlemen have you lost in this action? Mes. But few of any sort, and none of name. Leon. A victory is twice itself, when the achiever brings home full numbers. 1 find here, that Don Pedro hath be-stowed much honour on a young Florentine, called Claudio. Mes. Much deserved on his part, and equally remem-bered by Don Pedro He hath borne himself beyond the promise of his age@ doing, in the figure of a lamb, the feats of a lion he hath, indeed, better bettered expectation, than you must expect of me to tell you how. Leon. He hath an uncle here in Mefsina will be very much glad of it. Mes. 1 have already delivered him letters, and there ap-pears much joy in him even so much, that joy could not shew itself modest enough, without a badge of bitternefs. Leon. Did he break out into tears ? Mes. In great measure. @@Z~ A kind overflow of kindnefs There are no faces truer than those that are so washed. How much better is it to weep at joy, than to joy at weeping ? Beat. 1 pray you, is signior Mo@ntanto returned from the wars, or no? Mes. 1 know none of that name, lady there was none such in the army of any sort. Leon. What is he that you ask for, nièce ? Hero. My cousin means signior Benedick of Padua. Mes. 0, he is returned and as pleasant as ever he was. Beat. He set up his bills here in Mefsina, and challenged Cupid at the @night and my uncle's fool, reading thé chal-lenge, subscribed for Cupid, and challenged him at the bird-bolt.-1 pray you, how many hath he killed and eaten in these wars? But how many hath he killed? for, indeed, 1 promised. to eat all of his killing. Leon. Faith, niece, you tax signior Benedick too much but he will be meet with you, 1 doubt it not. Mes. He hath done good service, lady, in these wars. Beat. You had musty victual, and he hath holp to eat it he is a very valiant trencher-man, he hath an excellent stomach. Mes. And a good soldier too, lady. Beat. And a good soldier to a lady -But what is he to a lord ? Mes. A lord to a lord, a man to a man stuffed with all honourable virtues. Beat. It is so, indeed he is no lefs than a stuffed man but for the stu@@mng,-Well, we are all mortal. @Z~. You must not, sir, mistake my niece@ there is a kind of merry war betwixt signior Benedick and her they never meet, but there is a skirmish of wit between them. Beat. Alas, he gets nothing by that. In our last conflict, four of his five wits went halting off, and now is the whole man governed with one so that if he have wit enough to keep himself warm, let him bear it for a difference between himself and his horse for it is all the wealth that he hath left, to be known a reasonable creature.-Who is his com-panion now ? he hath every month a new sworn brother. Mes. Is it pofsible? Beat. Very easily possible he wears his faith but as the fashion of his hat, it ever changes with the next block. @@@@@1 see, lady, the gentleman is not in your books. Beat. No an he were, 1 would burn my study. But, 1 pray you, who is his companion ? Is there no young squarer now, that will make a voyage with him to the devil? Mes. He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio. Beat. 0 Lord@ He will hang upon him like a disease he is sooner caught than the pestilence, and the taker runs presently mad. God help the noble Claudio! if he have caught thé Benedick, it will cost him a thousand pound ere he be cured. M@~. 1 will hold friends with you, lady. Beat. Do, good friend. Leon. You will never run mad, niece. Beat. No, not till a hot January. Mes. Don Pedro is approached. Enter Don Pedro, Don y~~ Claudio, Benedick, ~c. Pedro. Good signior Leonato, you are come to meet your trouble the fashion of the world is to avoid cost, and you encounter it. @@@Z Never came trouble to my house in the likenefs of your grace for trouble being gone, comfbrt should remain but, when you depart from me, sorrow abides, and happi-nefs takes his leave. @@@Pedro. You embrace your charge too willingly.-I think, this is your daughter. Leon. Her mother hath many times told me so. Bene. Werë you in doubt, sir, that you asked her? Leon. Signior Benedick, no for then were you a child. @@@Pedro. You have it full, Benedick we may guels by this what you are, being a man. Truly, the lady fathers herself -Be happy, lady! for you are like an honourable father. Bene. If signior Leonato be her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders, for all Mefsina, as like him as she is. Beat. 1 wonder, that you will still be talking, signior Benedick nobody marks you. Bene. What, my dear lady Disdain@ are you yet living ? Beat. Is it polsible, disdain should die, while she hath such meet food to feed it, as signior Benedick ? Courtesy it-self must convert to disdain, if you corne in her presence. Bene. Then is courtesy a turn-coat@ But it is certain, 1 am loved of all ladies, only you excepted and 1 would 1 could find in my heart that 1 had not a hard heart for, truly, I love none. Beat. A dear happinefs to women they would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor. 1 thank God, and my cold blood, 1 am of your humour for that 1 had rather hear my dog bark at a crow, than a man swear he loves me. Bene. God keep your ladyship still in that mind! so some gentleman or other shall @scape a predestinate scratched face. @@@@@Scratching could not make it worse, an 'twere such a face as yours were. Bene. Well, you are a rare parrot-teacher. j8~. A bird of my tongue, is better than a beast of yours. Bene. 1 would, my horse had the speed of your tongue@ and so good a continuer@ But keep your way@ in God's name 1 have done. Beat. You always end with a jade's trick 1 know you of old. @@@Pedro. This is the sum of all@ Leonato,-signior Clau-dio, and signior Benedick,-my dear friend Leonato, hath invited you all. 1 tell him, we shall stay here at the least a month and he heartily prays, some occasion may detain us longer@ 1 dare swear he is no hypocrite, but prays from his heart. Leon. If you swear, my lord, you shall not be forsworn. @@@@-Lot me bid you welcome, my lord being reconciled to the prince your brother, 1 owe you all duty. 7c~. 1 thank you 1 am not of many words, but 1 thank you. JL~. Please it your grace lead on @? Pedro. Your hand, Leonato we will go together. Exeunt but Benedick and Claudio. Claud. Benedick, didst thou note the daughter of signior Leonato ? Bene. 1 noted her not but 1 looked on her. G'~M~. Is she not a modest young lady? Bene. Do you question me, as an honest man should do, for my simple true judg@ment ? or would you have me speak after my custom, as being a profefsed tyrant to their sex? Claud. No, 1 pray thee, speak in sober judg@ment. Bene. Why, i'@faith, methinks she is too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise, and too little for a great praise only this commendation 1 can afford her@ that, were she other than she is, she were unhandsome and being no other but as she is, 1 do not like her. Claud. Thou thinkest, 1 am in sport 1 pray thee, tell me truly how thou likest her. Bene. Would you buy her, that you enquire after her? Claud. Can the world buy such a jewel ? Bene. Yea, and a case to put it into. But speak you this with a sad brow ? or do you play the flouting Jack@ to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder, and Vulcan a rare car-penter ? Corne, in what key shall a man take you, to go in the song? Claud. In mine eye, she is the sweetest lady that ever 1 looked on. Bene. 1 can see yet without spectacles, and 1 see no such matter there's her cousin, an she were not pofsefsed with a fury, exceeds her as much in beauty, as the first of May doth the last of December. But 1 hope, you have no intent to turn husband@ have you ? Claud. 1 would scarce trust myself, though 1 had sworn the contrary, if Hero would be my wife. 2~ Is it corne to this, i@'faith? Hath not the world one man, but he will wear his cap with suspicion ? Shall 1 never see a bachelor of threescore again? Go to, i'@Iaith an thou wilt needs thrust thy neck into a yoke, wear the print of it, and sigh away Sundays. Look, Don Pedro is returned to seek you. Re-enter Don Pedro. @Pedro. What secret hath held you here, thàt you followed not to Leonato's? Bene. 1 would, your grace would constrain me to tell. Pedro. 1 charge thee on thy allegiance. Bene. You hear, count Claudio 1 can be secret as a dumb man, 1 would have you think so but@ on my allegiance, mark you this, on my allegiance.-He is in love. With who?-now that is your grace's part.-Mark, how short his answer is -With Hero, Leonato's short daughter. Claud. If this were so, so were it uttered. Bene. Like the old tale, my lord @it is not so, nor 'twas not so@ but, indeed, God forbid it should .be so. Claud. If my pafsion change not shortly, God forbid it should be otherwise@@@. Pedro. Amen, if you love her for the lady is very well worthy. Claud. You speak this to fetch me in, my lor@@@d. Pedro. By my troth, 1 speak my thought. C~M~. And, in faith, my lord, 1 spoke mine. Bene. And, by my two faiths and troths, my lord, 1 spoke mine. Claud. That 1 love her, 1 feel@@@. Pedro. That she is worthy, 1 know. Bene. That 1 neither feel how she should be loved, nor know how she should be worthy, is the opinion that @nre cannot melt out of me 1 will die in it at the stake. Pedro. Thou wast ever an obstinate heretic in the de-spite of beauty. Claud. And never could maintain his part, but in the force of his will. Bene. That a woman conceived me, 1 thank her that she brought me up, 1 likewise give her most humble thanks but that 1 will have a recheat winded in my forchead, or hang my bugle in an invisible baldrick, all women shall pardon me@ Because 1 will not do them the wrong to mis-trust any, 1 will do myself the right to trust none and the fine is, for the which 1 may go the @nner@ 1 will live a ba-chelor@@@. Pedro. 1 shall see thee, ere 1 die, look pale with love. Bene. With anger, with sicknefs, or with hunger, my lord@ not with love prove, that ever 1 lose more blood with love, than 1 will get again with drinking, pick out mine eyes with a ballad-maker's pen, and hang me up at the door of a brothel-house, for the sign of blind Cupid. @@@Pedro. Well, if ever thou dost fall from this faith, thou wilt prove a notable argument. Bene. If 1 do, hang me in a bottle like a cat, and shoot at me and he that hits me, let him be clapped on the shoulder, and called Adam. Pedro. Well, as time shall try@@@@ time the savage bull doth bear ~j~o~. The savage bull may but if ever the sensible Be-nedick bear it, pluck off the bull's horns, and set them in my forehead and let me be vilely painted@ and in such great letters as they write@-Here is @@good horse to hire,@ let them signify under my sign-.H~j~ may see Benedick tlle married man.@ Claud. If this should ever happen, thou would'st be horn-ma@@@d. Pedro. Nay, if Cupid have not spent all his quiver in Venice, thou wilt quake for this shortly. Bene. 1 look for an earthquake too@ then. @@@Pedro. Well, you will temporize with the hours. ln the mean time, good signior@Benedick, repair to Leonato's com-mend me to him, and tell him 1 will not fail him at supper for, indeed, he hath made great preparation. Bene. 1 have almost matter enough in me for such an em-balsage and so 1 commit you@ Claud. -to the tuition of God From my house, if 1 had it,@@@@ Pedro. -the sixth of@july Your loving friend, Benedick. Bene. Nay, mock not, mock not@ The body of your dis-course is sometime guarded with fragments, and the guards are but slightiy basted on neither ere you @nout old ends any further, examine your conscience and so 1 leave you. fjE~. Claud. My liege, your highnefs now may do me good. @@@Pedro. My love is thine to teach teach it but how, And thou shalt see how apt it is to learn Any hard lefson that may do thee good. Claud. Hath Leonato any son, my lord @? Pedro. No child but Hero, she's his only heir@ Dost thou affect her@ Claudio ? Claud. 0 my lord, When you went onward on this ended action, 1 looked upon her with a soldier's eye, That liked, but had a rougher task in hand Than to drive liking to the name of love But now 1 am returned, and that war-thoughts Have left their places vacant, in their rooms Corne thronging soft and delicate desires, Ail prompting me how fair young Hero is, Saying, 1 liked her ere 1 went to wars. @@jP@~ro. Thou wilt be like a lover presently, And tire the hearer with a book of words@ If thou dost love fair Hero, cherish it@ And 1 will break with her, and with her father, And thou shalt have her@ Was't not to this end, That thou began'st to twist so fine a story? Claud. How sweetly do@ you minister to love, That know love's grief by his complexion! But lest my liking might too sudden seem, 1 would have salved it with a longer treatise@@@. Pedro. What need the bridge much broader than the flood? The fairest grant is the necefsity@ Look, what will serve, is fit 'tis once, thou lovest@ And 1 will fit thee with the remedy. 1 know, we shall have revelling to-night 1 will afsume thy part in some disguise, And tell fair Hero 1 am Claudio@ And in her bosom I'll unclasp my heart, And take her hearing prisoner with the force And strong encounter of my amorous tale Then, after, to her father will 1 break And, the conclusion is, she shall be thine@ In practice let us put it presently. Exeunt. @C@@@ II A ROOM IN LEONATO~S HOUSE. Enter Leonato, and Antonio. Leo. How now,@brother? Where is my cousin, your son? Hath he provided this music ? Ant. He is very busy about it. But, brother, 1 can tell you @@@@n@e@@@ws that you yet dreamed not of. Leon. Are they good @@? As the event stamps them but they have a good cover, they shew well outward. The prince and count Claudio, walking in a thick-pleached alley in m@@y orchard, were thus much overheard by a man of mine Thé prince discovered to Claudio, that he loved my niece your daugh-ter, and meant to acknowledge it this night in a dance and, if he found her accordant, he meant to take the present time by the top, and instantly break with you of it. @Z~. Hath the fellow any wit, that told you this? A good sharp fellow 1 will send for him, and question him yourself. Z~z. No, no we will hold it as a dream, till it appear itself but 1 will acquaint my daughter withal, that she may be the better prepared for an answer, if peradventure this be true. Go you, and tell her of it. ~~r~ ~~ crofs the stage ~ Cousins, you know what@you have to do.-0, 1 cry you mercy, friend go you with me, and 1 will use your skill@ Good cousins, have a care this busy time. LE~M~. CE ~E ANOTHER APARTMENT IN LEONATO~S HOUSE. .E~y jDc~ y~M~ and C~y' x~. Cc~. What the g@o@ujere, my lord@ why are you thus out of measure sad @? ~c~z. There is no measure in the occasion that breeds it, therefore the sadnefs is without IImit. C~r. You should hear reason@@@. ~o~. And when 1 have heard it, what blefsing bring-eth it? Conr. If not a present remedy, ye@@t a patient suSerance. I wonder, that thou@ being@ as thou say'st thou art@ born under Saturn, goest about to apply a moral medi-cine to a mortifying mischief. I cannot hide what 1 am 1 must be sad when 1 have cause, and smile at no man's@jests@ eat when 1 have stomach, and wait for no man's leisure@ sleep when 1 am drowsy, and tend on no man's businefs@ laugh when 1 am merry, and claw no man in his humour. Conr. Yea, but you must not make the full shew of this, till you may do It without controulment. You have of late stood out against your brother, and he hath ta'en you newly into his grace where It Is impofsible you should take true root, but by the fair weather that you make yourself it is needful that you frame the season for your own harvest. ~c~. 1 had rather be a canker in a hedge, than a rose in his grace@ and it better fits my blood to be disdained of all, than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any in this, though 1 cannot be said to be a flattering honest man, it must not be denied but 1 am a plain-dealing villain. 1 am trusted with a muzzle, and enfranchised with a clog therefore 1 have decreed not to sing in my cage@ If 1 had my moùth, 1 would bite if 1 had my liberty, 1 would do my liking in the mean time, let me be that 1 am, and seek not to alter me. Conr. Can you make no use of your discontent @? ~oA~. 1 make all use of it, for 1 use if only. Who cornes here? what news Borachio ? Enter Borachio. Bora. 1 came yonder from a great supper the prince, your brother, is royally entertained by Leonato and 1 can give you intelligence of an intended marriage@@@. y~M. Will it serve for any model to build mischief on? What is he for a fool, that betroths himself to unquietnefs? Bora. Marry, it is your brother's right hand. y~. @@@@@Who? the most exquisite Claudio? Bora. Even he. yc~M. A proper squire! And who, and who? which way looks he? Bora. Marry, on Hero, the daughter and' heir of Leonato. @@~cAM. A very forward March-chick@ How came you to this? Bora. Being entertained for a perfumer, as 1 was smok-ing a musty room, cornes me the prince and Claudio, hand in hand, in sad conference 1 whip'd me behind the arras and there heard it agreed upon, that the prince should woo Hero for himself, and having obtained her, give her to count Claudio. ~oA?z. Corne, corne, let us thither this may prove food to my displeasure@ that young start@up hath all the glory of my overthrow if 1 can crofs him any way, 1 biefs myself every way@ You are both sure, and will afsist me? Conr. To the death, my lord. y~M. Let us to the great supper their cheer is the greater, that 1 am subdued 'Would the cook were of my rnind!-Shall we go prove what is to be done ? Bora. We will wait upon your lordship. .E~M~. C 2 77 y C F JV 7 A HALL IN LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Leonato, Antonio, Hero, and Beatrice. Lean. Was not count@john here at supper@@@? 1 saw him not. Beat. How tartly that gentleman looks@ 1 never can see him, but 1 am heart-burned an hour after. Hero. He is of a very melancholy disposition. Beat. He were an excellent man, that were made just in the midway between him and Benedick the one is too like an image, and says nothing@ and the other, too like my la-dy's eldest son, evermore tattling. Leon. Then half signior Benedick's tongue in count John's mouth, and haïf count John's melancholy in signior Bene-dick's face,@ Beat. With a good leg, and a good fbot, uncle, and mo-ney enough in his purse, such a man would win any woman in the world,-if he could get her good will. Leon. By my troth, niece, thou wilt never get thee a hus-band, if thou be so shrewd of thy tongue. Ant. In faith, she is too curst. Beat. Too curst is more than curst 1 shall lefsen God's sending that way for it is said, @God sends a curst cc~ short horns@@ but to a cow too curst he sends none. Leon. So, by being too curst, God will send you no horns. @@@@@Just, if he send me no husband for the which blefsing, 1 am at him upon my knees every morning and evening@ Lord@ 1 could not endure a husband with a beard on his face 1 had rather lie in the woollen. Z~z. You may light on a husband that hath no beard. Beat. What should 1 do with him? drefs him in my apparel, and make him my waiting-gentlewoman ? He that hath a beard, is more than a youth@ and he that hath no beard, is le s than a man and he that is more than a youth, is not for me@ and he that is lefs than a man, 1 am not for him Therefore 1 will even take sixpence in earnest of the bear@herd, and lead his apes into hell. @@Z~ Well@ then, go you into hell ? Beat. No@ but to the gate and there will the devil meet me, like an old cuckold, with horns on his head, and say, Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven here's ~o@~~ for j 'M~ maids @@so deliver 1 up my apes, and away to saint Peter for thé heavens he shews me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long. Well, niece, 1 trust you will be ruled by your fa-ther. to Hero. Beat. Yes, faith it is my cousin's duty to make courtesy, and say, Father, as ~j 'c~but yet for all that, cou-sin, let him be a handsome fellow@ or else make another courtesy, and say, ~z~~ please me.@ Leon. We@U, nièce, 1 hope to see you one day @ntted with a husband. Beat. Not till God make men of some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be over-mastered with a piece of valiant dust ? to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward mari? No, uncle, l'il none Adam's sons are my brethren and, truly, 1 hold it a sin to match in my kindred. Leon. Daughter, remember what 1 told you if the prince do solicit you in that kind, you know your answer. Beat. The fault will be in the music, cousin, if you be not wooed in good time if the prince be too important, tell him, there is measure in every thing, and so dance out the answer. For@ hear me, Hero, Wooing, wedding, and re-penting, is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a cinque-pace the first suit is hot and hasty, like a Scotch .jig, and full as fantastical the wedding, mannerly-modest, as a measure, full of state and ancientry and then comes repentance, and, with his bad legs, falls into the cinque-pace faster and faster, till he sink into his grave. Z~x. Cousin, you apprehend pafsing shrewdly. Beat. 1 have a good eye, uncle 1 can see a church by day-light. Leon. The revellers are entering@ brother, make good room. Enter Don Pedro, Claudio, Benedick, ~2 xr jDc~~c~, Borachio, Margaret, Ursula, and others, maske@@@d. Pedro. Lady, will you walk about with your friend ? Hero. So you walk softly, and look sweetly, and say no-thing, 1 am yours for the walk and, especially, when 1 walk away@@@. Pedro. With me in your company ? Hero. 1 may say so, when 1 please. @@@Pedro. And when please you to say so ? Hero. When 1 like your favour for God defend, the lute should be like the case@@@@ Pedro. My visor is Philemon's roof within the house is Jove. Hero. Why, then@ your visor should be thatche@@@d. Pedro. Speak low, if you speak love. .6~A. Well, 1 would you did like me. Marg. So would not I, for your own saké for 1 have many ill qualities. Balth. Which is one ? Marg. 1 say my prayers aloud. j6 ~A. 1 love you the better, the hearers may cry, Amen. Marg. God match me with a good dancer! @@@@@@Amen. Marg. And God keep him out of my sight, when thé dance is done!-Answer, clerk. @~~A. No more words the clerk is answered. Urs. 1 know you well enough you are signior An-tonio. Ant. At a word, 1 am not. Urs. 1 know you by the waggling of your head. Ant. To tell you true, 1 counterfeit him. Urs. You could never do him so ill-well, unlefs you were the very man@ Here is his dry hand up and down you are he, you are he. ~?~. At a word, 1 am not. Urs. Corne, come@ do you think 1 do not know you by your excellent wit? Can virtue hide itself? Go to, mum, you are he graces will appear, and there is an end. Beat. Will you not tell me who told you so ? Bene. No, you shall pardon me. Beat. Nor will you not tell me who you are ? Bene. Not now. Beat. That 1 was disdainfui,-and that 1 had my good wit out of the ~y~ Merry 7~Well, this was sig-nior Benedick that said so. Bene. What is he ? Beat. 1 am sure, you know him well enough. Bene. Not I, believe me. Beat. Did he never make you laugh ? Bene. 1 pray you, what is he ? Beat. Why, he is the prince's jester a very dull fool only his gift is in devising impofsible slanders none but libertines delight in him and the commendation is not in his wit, but in his villainy for he both pleases men, and angers them, and then they laugh at him, and beat him@ 1 am sure, he is in the fleet 1 would he had boarded me. Bene. When 1 know the gentleman, 1 will tell him what you say. @@@@@Do, do he will but break a comparison or two on me which, peradventure, not marked, or not laughed at, strikes him into melancholy and then there is a partridge' wing saved, for the fool will eat no supper that night@@@@@@@. We must follow the leaders. ~M~c within. Bene. In every good thing. Beat. Nay, if they lead to any ill, 1 will leave them at the next turning. Exeunt but Don y ?A~ Borachio, and Claudio. @@@John. Sure, my brother is amorous on Hero, and hath withdrawn her father to break with him about it@ The la-dies follow her, and but one visor r em.ains. .Bora. And that is Claudio 1 know him by his bearing. @@7cA~. Are not you signior Benedick ? Claud. You know me well 1 am he. @@@~o~. Signior, you are very near my brother in his love he is enamoured on Hero I pray you, difsuade him from her, she is no equal for his birth you may do the part of an honest man in it. Claud. How know you he loves her ? ycA?z. 1 heard him swear his affection. Bora. So did 1 too and he swore he would marry her to-night. y~A~. Corne, let us to the banquet. j~M~yc J3cr~. Claud. Thus answer 1 in name of Benedick, But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio.-'Tis certain so the prince wooes for himself. Friendship is constant in all other things, Save in the office and affairs of love Therefore, all hearts in love use their own tongues Let every eye negotiate for itself, And trust no agent for beauty is a witch, Against whose charms faith melteth into blood. This is an accident of hourly proof, Which 1 mistrusted not. Farewell@ therefore, Hero Benedick. Bene. Count Claudio? Claud. Yea, the same. Bene. Corne, will you go with me? Claud. Whither? Bene. Even to the next willow, about your own businefs, count@. What fashion will you wear the garland of? About your neck, like an usurer's chain? or under your arm, like a lieutenant's scarf? You must wear it one way, for the prince hath got your Hero. Claud. 1 wish him joy of her. Bene. Why, that is spoken like an honest drov@er so they sell bullocks. But did you think, the prince would have served you thus? Claud. 1 pray you, leave me. Bene. Ho! now you strike like the blind man it was the boy that stole your meat, and you will beat the post. Claud. If it will not be, 1 will leave you. @.Ë~. Bene. Alas, poor hurt fowl@ Now will he creep into sedges.-But, that my lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me! The prince's fool?-Ha! It may be, 1 go under that title, because 1 am merry.-Yea@ but so 1 am apt to do myself wrong 1 am not so reputed it is the base, th@@@e bitter@ disposition of Beatrice, that puts the world into her person, and so gives me out. Well, 1 will be revenged as 1 may. Re-enter Don jP~~ Hero, and Leonato. .P~c. Now, signior? where Is thé count? Did you see him? Bene. Troth, my lord, 1 have played the part of lady Fame. 1 found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a war-ren 1 told him, and, 1 think, 1 told him true, that your grace had got the good will of this young lady and 1 offered him my company to a willow tree, either to make him a garland, as being forsaken, or to bind him up a rod, as being worthy to be whipped. @@@@~~ro. To be whipped! What is his fault? Bene. The flat transgression of a school-boy@ who, being overjoyed with finding a bird's nest, shews it his compa-nion, and he steals it@@@. Pedro. Wilt thou make a trust a transgrefsion ? The trans-grefsion is in the stealer. Bene. Yet it had not been amifs, the rod had been made, and the garland too for the garland he might have worn himself@ and the rod he might have bestowed on you, who, as 1 take it, have stolen his birds' nest@@@. Pedro. 1 will but teach them to sing, and restore them to the owner. Bene. If their singing answer your saying, by my faith, you say honestly. Pedro. The lady Beatrice hath a quarrel to you the gen-tleman, that danced with her, told her, she is much wronged by you. Bene. 0, she misused me past the endurance of a block@ an oak, but with one green leaf on it, would have answered her my very visor began to afsume life, and scold with her@ She told me, not thinking 1 had been myself, that 1 was the prince's jester@ that 1 was duller than a great thaw huddling jest upon jest, with such impofsible conveyance, upon me, that 1 stood like a man at a mark, with a whole army shooting at me@ She speaks poniards, and every word stabs if her breath were as terrible as her terminations, there were no living near her, she would infect to the north star. 1 would not marry her, though she were endowed with all that Adam had left him before he transgrefsed she would have made Hercules have turned spit@ yea, and have cleft his club to make the fire too. Come, talk not of her you shall find her the infernal Atc in good apparel. 1 would to God, some scholar would 'conjure her for, certainly, while she is here, a man may live as quiet in hell, as in a sanctuary and people sin upon purpose, because they would go thither so, indeed, all disquiet, horror, and perturba-tion follows her. Re-enter Claudio, and Beatrice. Pedro. Look, here she cornes. 2~ Will your grace command me any service to the world's end? 1 will go on the slightest errand now to the Antipodes, that you can devise to send me on 1 will fetch .you a tooth@picker now from the farthest inch of Asia@ bring you the length of Prester@john's foot@ fetch you a hair off the great Cham's beard@ do you any embafsage to the Pigmies, rather than hold three words' conference with this harpy@ You have no employment for me @? Pedro. None, but to desire your good company. Bene. 0 God, sir, here's a dish 1 love not 1 cannot en-dure my lady Tongue. @@@@jE~. Pedro. Come, lady, corne you have lost the heart of signior Benedick. Beat. Indeed, my lord, he lent it me a while and 1 gave him use for it, a double heart for his single one marry, once before, he won it of me with false dice, therefore your grace may well say, 1 have lost it. Pedro. You have put him down, lady, you have put him down. Beat. So 1 would not he should do me, my lord, lest 1 should prove the mother of fools. 1 have brought count Claudio, whom you sent me to seek. Pedro. Why, how now, count ? wherefore are you sad ? Claud. Not sad, my lord. @@@Pedro. How@then? Sick? Claud. Neither, my lord. Beat. The count is neither sad, nor sick, nor merry, nor well but civil, count@ civil as an orange, and something of that jealous complexion. @@@Pedro. I'@faith, lady, 1 think your blazon to be true though, 1 will be sworn, if he be so, his conceit is false. Hère, Claudio, 1 have wooed in thy name, and fair Hero is won 1 have broke with her father, and his good will obtained name the day of marriage, and God give thee joy@ Leon. Count, take of me my daughter, and with her my fortunes his grace hath made the match, and all grace say Amen to it@ Beat. Speak, count, it is your eue. Claud. Silence is the perfectest herald of@joy 1 were but little happy, if 1 could say how much.-Lady, as you are mine, 1 am yours 1 give away myself for you, and dote upon the exchange. @j6~ Speak, cousin or, if you cannot, stop his mouth with a kifs, and let not him speak neither. @@@Pedro. In faith, lady, you have a merry heart. Beat. Yea, my lord 1 thank it, poor fool, it keeps on the windy side of care -My cousin tells him in his ear, that he is in her heart. Claud. And so she doth, cousin. Beat. Good Lord, for alliance !-Thus goes every one to the world but I, and 1 am sun-burned 1 may sit in a cor-ner, and cry, heigh ho! for a husban@@@d. Pedro. Lady Beatrice, 1 will get you one. Beat. 1 would rather have one of your father's getting@ Hath your grace never a brother like you ? Your father got excellent husbands, if a maid could come by them@@@. Pedro. Will you have me, lady ? Beat. No, my lord, unlefs 1 might have another for work-ing-days your grace is too costly to wear every day -But, 1 beseech your grace, pardon me 1 was born to speak all mirth, and no matter. @@@Pedro. Your silence most o@eends me, and to be merry best becomes you for, out of question, you were born in a merry hour. Beat. No, sure, my lord, my mother cried but then there was a star danced, and under that was 1 born.-Cou-sins, God give you joy@ Leon. Niece, will you look to those things 1 told you of@@@@? 1 cry you mercy, uncle. By your grace's pardon. Exit Beatrice. Pedro. By my troth, a pleasant-spirited lady. Leon. There is little of@the melancholy élément in her, my lord she is never sad, but when she sleeps@ and not ever sad then for 1 have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamed of unhappinefs, and waked herself with laughing. @@~~o. She cannot endure to hear tell of a husband. Leon. 0, by no means she mocks all her wooers out of suit@@@. Pedro. She were an excellent wife for Benedick. Leon. 0 Lord@ my lord, if they were but a week married, they would talk themselves ma@@@d. f~rc. Count Claudio, when mean you to go to church ? Claud. To-morrow, my lord Time goes on crutches, till love have all his rites. @@Z~ Not till Monday, my dear son, which is hence a just seve@@night and a time too brief@ too, to have all things answer my mind. @.@P@~rc. Corne, you shake the head at so long a breathing but, 1 warrant thee, Claudio, the time shall not go dully by us@ 1 will, in the interim, undertake one of Hercules' la-bours which is, to bring signior Benedick and the lady Beatrice into a mountain of affection, the one with the other. 1 would fain have it a match@ and 1 doubt not but to fashion it, if you three will but minister such afsistance as 1 shall give you direction. Z~z. My lord, 1 am for you, though it cost me ten nights' watchings. Claud. And I, my lord. jf~yc. And you too, gentle Hero? Hero. 1 will do any modest office, my lord, to help my cousin to a good husband. ~~yc. And Benedick is not the unhopefullest husband that 1 know@ thus far 1 can@@ praise him he is of a noble strain, of approved valour, and confirmed honesty. 1 will teach you how to humour your cousin, that she shall fall in love with Benedick -and I, with your two helps, will so practise on Benedick, that, in despite of his quick wit and his queasy stomach, he shall fall in love with Beatrice. If we can do this, Cupid is no longer an archer his glory shall be ours, for we are the only love-gods. Go in with me, and 1 will tell you my drift. E~?~. ~CjEJVE Il ANOTHER APARTMENT IN LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Don ~0~, and Borachio. John. It is so the count Claudio shall marry the daugh-ter of Leonato. Bora. Ye@â my lord but 1 can crofs it@@@. John. Any bar, any crofs, any impediment, will be medi-cinable to me 1 am sick in displeasure to him@ and what-soever cornes athwart his affection, ranges evenly with mine. How canst thou crofs this marriage ? Bora. Not honestly, my lord but so covertly, that no dishonesty shall appear in me@@. y~M. Shew me briefly how. Bora. 1 think, 1 told your lordship, a year since, how much 1 am in the favour of Margaret, the waiting-gentlewo-man to Hero. @@@John. 1 remember. Bora. 1 can, at any unseasonable instant of the night, appoint her to look out at her lady's chamber window. ~oAM. What life is in that, to be the death of this mar-riage ? Bora. The poison of that lies in you to temper. Go you to the prince your brother spare not to tell him, that he hath wronged his honour in marrying the renowned Clau-dio whose estimation do you mightily hold up to a conta-minated stale, such a one as Hero@@@. John. What proof shall 1 make of@that? Bora. Proof enough to misuse the prince, to vex Claudio, to undo Hero, and kill Leonato@ Look you for any other ifsue @? John. Oniy to despite them, 1 will endeavour any thing. Bora. Go@ then, find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro, and the count Claudio, alone tell them, that you know that Hero loves me intend a kind of zeal both to the prince and Claudio@ as@-in love of your brother's honour, who hath made this match@ and his friend's reputation, who is thus like to be cozened with the semblance of a maid,-that you have discovered thus. They will scarcely believe this with-out trial offer them instances which shall bear no lefs likelihood, than to see me at her chamber window@ hear me call Margaret, Hero@ hear Margaret term me Borachio and bring them to see this, the very night before the in-tended wedding@ for, in the mean time, 1 will so fashion the matter, that Hero shall be absent@ and there shall ap-pear such seeming truth of Hero's disloyalty, that jealousy shall be called afsurance, and all the preparation overthrown. y~. @@@@@Grow this to what adverse iisue it can, 1 will put it in practice@ Be cunning in thé working this, and thy fee is a thousand ducats. Bora. Be you constant in the accusation, and my cun-ning shall not shame me. y~. @@@@@1 will presently go learn their day of marriage. f'E~M~. y C j~ J~ 777 LEONATO~S ORCHARD. Enter Benedick, and a Boy. J5~. Boy,-Boy. Signior. Bene. In my chamber window lies a book bring it hi-ther to me in the orchard. Boy. 1 am here already, sir. @@@@@1 know that -but 1 would have thee hence, and here again. E~j6c~. -1 do much wonder, that one man, seeing how much another man is a fool when he dedicates his behaviours to love, will, after he hath laughed at such shallow follies in others, become the argument of his own scorn, by falling in love And such a man is Claudio. 1 have known, when there was no music with him but the drum and the fife and now had he rather hear the tabor and the pipe 1 have known, when he would have walked ten mile a@foot, to see a good armour and now will he lie ten nights awake, carving the fashion of a new doublet. He was wont to speak plain, and to the purpose, like an honest man, and a soldier and now is he turned orthographer his words are a very fantastical banquet, just so many strange dishes. May 1 be so converted, and see with these eyes? 1 cannot tell 1 think not 1 will not be sworn, but love may transform me to an oyster but 1 will take my oath on it, till he have made an oyster of me, he shall never make me such a fool. One woman is fair@ yet 1 am well another is wise@ yet 1 am well another virtuous@ yet 1 am well but till all graces be in one woman, one woman shall not corne in my grace. Rich she shall be, that is certain wise, or 1 will none virtuous, or 1 will never cheapen her fair, or 1 will never look on her mild, or come not near me noble, or not 1 for an angel of good discourse, an excellent musician, and her hair shall be of what colour it please God. Ha! the prince and monsieur Love@ 1 will hide me in the arbour. zM~nm'.y. Enter Don Pedro, Leonato, and Claudio. Pedro. Corne, shall we hear this music? C~M~. Yea, my good lord -How still the evening is, As hush'd on purpose to grace harmony! @@jP~yc. See you where Benedick hath hid himself? Claud. 0 very well, my lord the music ended, We'll fit the kid fox with a pennyworth. Enter Balthazar, with ~~yo. Come, Balthazar, we'11 hear that song again. j6~~A. 0 good my lord, tax not so bad a voice To slander music any more than once. @@jP@~fo. It is the witnefs still of excellency, To put a strange face on his own perfection -1 pray thee, sing, and let me woo no more. @~~A. Because you talk of wooing, 1 will sing Since many a wooer doth commence his suit To her he thinks not worthy@ yet he wooes@ Yet will he swear, he loves@@@. Pedro. Nay, pray thee, come Or, if thou wilt hold longer argument, Do it in notes. @~~A. Note this before my notes, There's not a note of mine that's worth the noting. @@jP~yc. Why these are very crotchets that he speaks Note, notes, forsooth, and noting! jS~. Now, Divine air! now is his soul ravished!-Is it not strange, that sheep's guts should hale souls out of men's bodies?-Well, a horn for my money, when all is done. S 0 NG. ~A no more, ladies, sigh no more, @@@@were deceivers ever@ One foot in sea, and one@@@ shore@ 7o one thing constant never @7~~ sigh not so, But let them go, And be you blithe and bonny@ Cm~r~g ~c~y ~CM~~ c~ ~c~ Into, Hey M~ 5'~ no more sing no mo Of ~M~~ so eM and yX~~r~~ c z~~ ever Since ~M~r~ y~~ sigh not @@@~c@@@. Pedro. By my troth, a good song. @~~A. And an ill singer, my lord. P@~c. Ha? no@ no, faith thou singest well enough for a shift. Bene. ~ An he had been a dog that should have howled thus, they@would have hanged him and 1 pray God, his bad voice bode no mischief@ 1 had as lief have heard the night-raven, come what plague could have corne after it. Pedro. Yea, marry -Dost thou hear, Balthazar? 1 pray thee@ get us some excellent music for to-morrow night we would have it at the lady Hero's chamber window. @~~A. The best 1 can, my lord. J~~fc. Do so farewell. E~ and ~f~ Come hither, Leonato@ What was it you told me of to-day? that your niece Beatrice was in love with signior Benedick ? Claud. 0 ay -Stalk on, stalk on the fowl sits. ~~ toPe-~. 1 did never think that lady would have loved any man. Leon. No, nor 1 neither but most wonderful, that she should so dote on signior Benedick, whom she hath in all outward behaviours seemed ever to abhor. J~T~. Is it pofsible ? Sits the wind in that corner? ~ Leon. By my troth, my lord, 1 cannot tell what to think of it but, that she loves him with an enraged affection, it is past the infinite of thought. @@JP~c. May be, she doth but counterfeit. Claud. 'Faith, like enough. @@Z~ 0 God@ counterfeit@ There @@@@never was counterfeit of pafsion came so near the life of pafsion, as she discovers it. @@@Pedro. Why, what effects of pafsion shews she ? Claud. Bait the hook well this fish will bite. t~ Leon. What effects, my lord? She will sit you,-You heard my daughter tell you how. Claud. She did, indeed. @@@Pedro. How, how, 1 pray you ? You amaze me I would have thought, her spirit had been invincible against all as-saults of a@nection. Leon. 1 would have sworn it had, my lord especially against Benedick. 2~M. ~ î should think this a gull, but that the white-bearded fellow speaks it knavery cannot, sure, hide himself in such reverence. Claud. He hath taken the infection hold it up. @~ Pedro. Hath she made her affection known to Benedick ? Leon. No and swears she never will that is her tor-ment. Claud. 'Tis true, indeed so your daughter says @Shall I,@ says she, @that have s@@o@@ encountered him with scorn, @@@@@~f~ him that 1 love him. Leon. This says she now when she is beginning to write to him for she will be up twenty times a night@ and there will she sit in her smock, till she have writ a sheet of pa-per my daughter tells us all. Claud. Now you talk of a sheet of paper, 1 remember a pretty jest your daughter told us of. Leon. 0 !-When she had writ it, and was reading it over, she found Benedick and Beatrice between the sheet?-Claud. That. Leon. 0 she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence railed at herself, that she should be so immodest to write to one that she knew would @nout her 7 yM~M?~ him, says she, @by my own .~y~ 7 should@flout him, if he wri@@t@ ~0 yea, though @@@7~~ him, 1 should.@ Claud. Then down upon her knees she falls, weeps, sobs, beats her heart, tears her hair, prays, curses -C sweet 7~M Go~MC~ Leon. She doth indeed my daughter says so and @@e@c-stasy hath so much overborne her, that my daughter is sometimes afraid she will do @@desperate outrage to herself It is very true@@@. jF~ro. It were good, that Benedick knew of it by some other, if she will not discover it. Claud. To what end ? He would but make a sport of it, and torment the poor lady worse. @@@Pedro. An he should, it were an alms to hang him@ She is an excellent sweet lady and, out of all suspicion, she is vir-tuous. Claud. And she is exceeding wise@@@. Pedro. In every thing, but in loving Benedick. Leon. 0 my lord, wisdom and blood combating in so tender a body, we have ten proofs to one, that blood hath the victory. 1 am sorry for her, as 1 have just cause, being her uncle and her guardian. Pedro. 1 would, she had bestowed this dotage on me 1 would have daffed all other respects, and made her half myself@ 1 pray you, tell Benedick of it, and hear what he will say. Leon. Were it good, think you P Claud. Hero thinks surely, she will die for she says, she will die, if he love her not@ and she will die@ ere she make her love known@ and she will die@ if he woo her, rather than she will bate one breath of her accustomed crofsnefs@@@. Pedro. She doth well if she should make tender of her love, it is very pofsible he will scorn it for the man, as you know all, hath a contemptible spirit. Claud. He is a very proper man@@@. Pedro. He hath, indeed, a good outward happinefs. Claud. Before God, and@ in my mind, very wise@@@. Pedro. He doth, indeed, shew some sparks that are like wit. @Leon. And 1 take him to be valiant. Pedro. As Hector, 1 afsure you and in the managing of quarrels you may say he is wise for either he avoids them with great discretion, or undertakes them with a most chris-tian-like fear. @@Z~ If he do fear God, he must necefsarily keep peace if he break the peace, he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling. ~~fc. And so will he do for the man doth fear God, howsoever it seems not in him, by some large jests he will make. Well, 1 am sorry for your niece@ Shall we go seek Benedick, and tell him of her love? Claud. Never tell him, my lord let her wear it out with good counsel. Z~CM. Nay, that is impofsible she may wear her heart out first. @@@@~~rc. Well, we will hear further of it by your daugh-ter let it cool the while. 1 love Benedick well and 1 could wish he would modestly examine hirnself, to see how much he is unworthy so good a lady. Leon. My lord, will you walk ? dinner is ready. Claud. If he do not dote on her upon this, 1 will never trust my expectation. @~ jF~yc. Let there be the same net spread for her and that must your daughter and her gentlewomen carry. The sport will be, when they hold one an opinion of another's dotage, and no such matter that is the scene that 1 would see, which will be merely a dumb show. Let us send her to call him in to dinner. L~~ ?. Exeunt Don Pedro, Claudio, and Leonato. Benedick advancesfrom the Arbour. j8~ This can be no trick The conference was sadly borne. They have the truth of this from Hero. They seem to pity the lady it seems, her a@Nections have their full bent. Love me! why, it must be requited. 1 hear how 1 am cen-sured they say, 1 will bear myself proudly, if 1 perceive the love come from her they say too, that she will rather die than give any sign of affection. 1 did never think to marry 1 must not seem proud Happy are they that hear their detractions, and can put them to mending. They say, the lady is fair it is a truth, 1 can bear them witnefs and virtuous it is so, 1 cannot reprove it and wise, but for loving me By my troth, it is no addition to her wit@ nor no great argument of her folly, for 1 will be horribly iri love with her. 1 may chance have some odd quirks and remnants of wit broken on me, because 1 have railed so long against marriage But doth not the appetite alter ? A man loves the meat in his youth, that he cannot endure in his age@ Shall quips, and sentences, and these paper bullets of the brain, awe a man from the career of his humour? No@ The world must be peopled. When 1 said, 1 would die a bachelor, 1 did not think 1 should live till 1 were married. -Hère cornes Beatrice@ By this day, she is a fair lady 1 do spy some marks of love in her. Enter Beatrice. Beat. Against my will, 1 am sent to bid you corne in to dinner. Bene. Fair Beatrice, I thank you for your pains. Beat. 1 took no more pains for those thanks, than you take pains to thank me if it had been painful, 1 would not have corne. @j6~ You take pleasure then in the mefsage ? Beat. Yea, just so much as you may take upon a knife's point, and choak a daw withal -You have no stomach, signior fare you well. @@@J~ Bene. Ha@ @Against my will@@@@, sent to bid you come, in to dinner@@-there is a double meaning in that. @I took no more pains for those thanks, than you took pains to thank me@@-that is as much as to say, Any pains that 1 take Ibr you is as easy as thanks -If 1 do not take pity of her, 1 am a vil-lain if 1 do not love her, 1 am a Jew@ 1 will go get her picture. ~ C 777 yc~ CONTINUES IN THE ORCHARD. Enter jH~ Margaret, and Ursula. ~rc. Good Margaret, run thee to the parlour There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Proposing with the prince and Claudio Whisper her ear, and tell her, 1 and Ursula Walk in the orchard, and our whole discourse Is all of her say, that thou overheard'st us And bid her steal into the pleached bower, Where honey-suckles, ripen'd by the sun, Forbid the sun to enter -like favourites, Made proud by princes, that advance their pride Against that power that bred it -there will she hide her@ To listen our propose@ This is thy o@nice, Bear thee well in it, and leave us alone. . M ni make her corne, 1 warrant you, presently. @@@@~ Hero. Now, Ursula, when Beatrice doth corne, As we do trace this alley up and down, Our talk must only be of Benedick@ When 1 do name him, let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit My talk to thee must be, how Benedick Is sick in love with Béatrice@ Of this matter Is little Cupid's crafty arrow made, That only wounds by hearsay. Now begin. Enter .Z~~f~ behind. For look where Béatrice, like a lapwing, runs Close by the ground, to hear our conference. Urs. The pleasant'st angling is to see the fish Cut with her golden oars the silver stream, And greedily devour the treacherous bait So angle we for Beatrice who even now Is couched in the woodbine coverture@ Fear you not my part of the dialogue. Hero. Then go we near her, that her ear lose nothing Of the false sweet bait that we lay for it.-they the 6c~ No, truly, Ursula, she is too disdainful 1 know, her spirits are as coy and wild As haggards of the rock. ~7~. But are you sure, That Benedick loves Beatrice so entirely ? Hero. So says the prince, and my new-trothed lord. Urs. And did they bid you tell her of it, madam ? Hero. They did entreat me to acquaint her of it But 1 persuaded them, if they lov'd Benedick, To wish him wrestle with affection, And. never to let Beatrice know of it. Urs. Why did you so ? Doth npt the gentleman Deserve as full, as fortunate a bed, As ever Beatrice shall couch upon ? Hero. 0 God of love@ 1 know, he doth deserve As much as may be yielded to a man But nature never fram'd a woman's heart t Of prouder stuff than that of Beatrice Disdain and scorn ride sparkling in her eyes, Misprising what they look on@ and her wit Values itself so highly, that to her A@U matter else seems weak she cannot love, Nor take no shape nor project of affection, She is so self-endeared. Urs. Sure, 1 think so And therefore, certainly, it were not good She knew his love, lest she make sport at it. Hero. Why, you speak truth@ 1 never yet saw man, How wise, how noble, young, how rarely featur'd, But she would spell him backward if fair-fac'd, She would swear, the gentleman should be her sister If black, why, nature, drawing of an anti@@c, Made a foui blot if tall, a lance ill-headed If low, an agate very vilely cut If speaking, why, a vane blown with all winds If silent, why, a block moved with none. So turns she every man the wrong side out And never gives to truth and virtue, that Which simplenefs and merit purchaseth. Urs. Sure@ sure, such carping is not commendable. Hero. No@ not to be so odd, and from all fashions, As Beatrice is, cannot be commendable But who dare tell her so ? If 1 should speak, She would mock me into air 0, she would laugh me Out of myself, prefs me to death with wit. Therefore let Benedick, like cover'd fire, Consume away in sighs, waste inwardly It were a better death than die with mocks@ Which is as bad as die with tickling. Urs. Yet tell her of it hear what she will say. Hero. No rather 1 will go to Benedick, And counsel him to fight against his pafsion@ And, truly, l'il devise some honest slanders To stain my cousin with. One doth not know, How much an ill word may empoison liking. Urs. 0, do not do your cousin such a wrong. She can@not be so much without truejudg@ment, Having so swift and excellent a wit, As she is priz'd to have as to refuse So rare a gentleman as signior Benedick. Hero. He is the only man of Italy, Always excepted my dear Claudio. Urs. 1 pray you, be not angry with me, madam, Speaking my fancy signior Benedick, For shape, for bearing, argument, and valour, Goes foremost in report through Italy. Hero. Indeed, he hath an excellent good name. Urs. His excellence did earn it, ere he had it.-When are you married, madam? Hero. Why, every day@ to-morrow@ Come, go in I'll shew thee some attires@ and have thy counsel, Which is the best to furnish me to-morrow. Urs. She's lim'd@ 1 warrant you we have caught her~ madam. Hero. If it prove@ SO@ then loving goes by haps Some Cupid kills with arrows, some with traps. fË'M~ j~~ and Ursula. Beatrice ~i~c~. Beat. What fire is in m.ine ears? Can this be true? Stand 1 condemn'd for pride and scorn so much ? Contempt, farewell! and maiden pride, adieu! No glory lives behind the back of such. And, Benedick, love on, 1 will requite thee@ Taming my wild heart to thy loving hand If thou dost love, my kindnefs shall incite thee To bind our loves up in a holy band For others say, thou dost deserve@ and 1 Believe it better than reportingly. j~M. C F 77 LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Don Pedro, Claudio, Benedick, and Leonato. Pedro. I do but stay till your marriage be consummate, and then go 1 toward Arragon. Claud. 1 will bring you thither, my lord, if you will vouchsafe me. @@@Pedro. Nay, that would be as great a soil in the new glofs of your marriage, as to shew a child his new coat, and forbid him to wear it. 1 will only be bold with Benedick for his company for, from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot, he is all mirth he hath twice or thrice cut Cu-pid's bow@string, and the little hangman dare not shoot at him he hath a heart as sound as a bell, and his tongue is the clapper@ for what his heart thinks, his tongue speaks. Bene. Gallants, 1 am not as 1 have been. Leon. So say 1 methinks, you are sadder. Claud. 1 hope, he be in love. @@@Pedro. Hang him, truant@ there is no true drop of blood in him, to be truly touched with love if he be sad, he wants money. Bene. 1 have the toothach. T~ yc. Draw it. ~M~. Hang it@ Claud. You must hang it first, and draw it afterwards. @@jP@~rc. What? sigh for the toothach? @.Z~ Where is but a humour, or a worm? Bene. Well, Every one can master a grief, but he that has it. Claud. Yet say I, he is in love. @@@Pedro. There is no appearance of fancy in him, unlefs it be a fancy that he hath to strange disguises as, to be a Dutch-man to-day, a Frenchman to-morrow@ or in the shape of two countries at once, as, a German from the waist down-ward, all slops, and a Spaniard from the hip upward, no doublet@ Unlefs he have a fancy to this foolery, as it appears he hath, he is no fool for fancy, as you would have it ap-pear he is. Claud. If he be not in love with some woman, there is no believing old signs he brushes his hat o' mornings What should that bode@@? Pedro. Hath any man seen him at the barber's? Claud. No, but the barber's man hath been seen with him@ and the old ornament of his cheek hath aiready@stu@ned tennis bail s. @Z~. Indeed, he looks younger than he did, by the lofs of a bear@@@d. Pedro. Nay, he rubs himself with civet Can you smell him out by that ? Claud. That is as much as to say, The sweet youth is in love. @@@Pedro. The greatest note of it is his melancholy. Claud. And when was he wont to wash his ~ace @? Pedro. Yea, or to paint himself? for the which, 1 hear what they say of him. Claud. Nay, but his jesting spirit which is now crept into a lute@string, and now governed by stops@@@. Pedro. Indeed, that tells a heavy tale for him Conclude, conclude, he is in love. Claud. Nay, but 1 know who loves him. @@@Pedro. That would 1 know too 1 warrant, one that knows him not. Claud. Yes, and his ill conditions and, in despite of all, dies for him. Pedro. She shall be buried with her heels upwards. Bene. Yet is this no charm for the toothach@.-Old sig-nior, walk aside with me 1 have studied eight or nine wise words to speak to you, which these hobby@horses must not hear. @.E@@' Benedick and Z~M~c. -P~c. For my life, to break with him about Beatrice. Claud. It is even so@ Hero and Margaret have by this played their parts with Beatrice and then the two bears will not bite one another, when they meet. Enter Don y~ ~A~z. My lord and brother, God save you. ~~yc. Good den, brother@@@. John. If your leisure served, 1 would speak with you. Pedro. In private@@? John. If it please you -yet count Claudio may hear for what 1 would speak of, concerns him@@@. Pedro. What is the matter@@? John. Means your lordship to be married to-morrow ? ~c Claudio. Pedro. You know, he does@@@. ~oA~. 1 know not that, when he knows what 1 know. Claud. If there be any impediment, 1 pray you disco-ver it. y~. @@@@@You may think, 1 love you not let that appear hereafter, and aim better at me by that 1 now will manifest@ For my brother, 1 think, he holds you well@ and in dear-nefs of heart hath holp to effect your ensuing marriage@ surely, suit ill spent, and labour ill bestowe@@@d@ Pedro. Why, what is the matter@? ~c~M. 1 came hither to tell you and, circumstances short-ened, for she hath been too long a talking of@ the lady is disloyal. Claud. Who? Hero? @@y~ Even she Leonato's Hero, your Hero, every man's Hero. Claud. Disloyal@@? John. The word is too good to paint out her wickednefs 1 could say, she were worse think you of a worse title, and 1 will fit her to it. Wonder not till further warrant go but with me to-night, you shall see her chamber window entered@ even the night before her wedding day if you love her then, to-morrow wed her but it would better fit your honour to change your mind. Claud. May this be so @? Pedro. 1 will not think it. @@~cA~. If you dare not trust that you see, confefs not that you know if you will follow me, 1 will shew you enough and when you have seen more, and heard more, proceed accordingly. Claud. If 1 see any thing to-night, why 1 should not marry her to-morrow@ in the congregation, where 1 should wed, there will 1 shame her. Pedro. And, as 1 wooed for thee to obtain her, I will join with thee to disgrace her. ~?~. 1 will disparage her no farther, till you are my witnefses bea.r it coldly but till midnight, and let the ifsue shew itself. ~~c. 0 day untowardly turned@ Claud. 0 mischief strangely thwar ting 0 plague right well prevented@ So will you say, when you have seen the sequel. Exeunt. CE JVJ? JTLr THE STREET. Enter Dogberry and F~ with the F! . -Dc~. Are you good men and true ? F~yg'. Yea, or else it were pity but they should suffer sal-vation, body and soul. Dogb. Nay, that were a punishment too good for them, if they should have any allegiance in them, being chosen for the prince's watch. Verg. Well, give them their charge, neighbour Dog-berry. Dogb. First, who think you the most desartiefs man to be constable? 1 Watch. Hugh Oatcake, sir, or George Seacoal for they can write and read. Dogb. Come hither, neighbour Seaco@al God hath blefsed you with a good name to be a well-favoured man is the gift of fortune but to write and read cornes by nature. @@@2 Watch. Both which, master constable,@-Dogb. You have 1 knew it would be your answer. Well, for your favour, sir, why, give God thanks, and make no boast of it and for your writing and reading, let that appear when there is no need of such vanity. You are thought here to be the most senselefs and fit man for the constable of the watch therefore bear you the lantern@ This is your charge You shall comprehend all vagrom men you are to bid any man stand, in the prince's name. @@@2 Watch. How, if he will not stand ? Dogb. Why@ then, take no note of him, but let him go and presently call the rest of the watch together, and thank God you are rid of a knave. Verg. If he will not stand when he is bidden, he is none of the prince's subjects. Dogb. True, and they are to meddle with none but the prince's subjects -You shall also make no noise in the streets for, for the watch to babble and to talk, is most tole-rable, and not to be endured. 2 Watch. We will rather sleep than talk we know what belongs to a watch. Dogb. Why, you speak like an ancient and most quiet watchman for 1 cannot see how sleeping should offend only, have a care that your bills be not stolen -Well, you are to call at all the ale@houses, and bid those that are drunk get them to bed. 2 Watch. How, if they will not? Dogb. Why@ then, let them alone till they are sober if they make you not then the better answer, you may say, they are not the men you took them for. Watch. Well, sir. Dogb. If you meet a thief, you may suspect him, by vir-tue of your office, to be no true man and, for such kind of men,. the lefs you meddle or make with them, why, the more is for your honesty. 2 Watch. If we know him to be a thief, shall we not lay hands on him ? Do~. Truly, by your office, you may but, 1 think, they that touch pitch will be defiled the most peaceable way for you, if you do take a thief, is, to let him shew himself what he is, and steal out of your company. Verg. You have been always called a merciful man, partner. Dc~. Truly, 1 would not hang a dog by my will@ much more a man who hath any honesty in him. @@@@@If you hear a child cry in the night, you must cal . to the nurse, and bid her still it. @@2i~ How, if the nurse be asleep, and will not hear us? Dogb. Why@ then, depart in peace, and let the child wake her with crying for the ewe that will not hear her lamb when it baes, will never answer a calf when he bleats. Verg. It is very true. J9~. This is the end of the charge. You, constable, are to present the prince's own person if you meet the prince in the night, you may stay him. Verg. Nay, by'r lady, that, 1 think, he cannot. Dogb. Five shillings to one on it, with any man that knows the statutes, he may stay him marry, not without the prince be willing for, indeed, the watch ought to offend no man and it is an offence to stay a man against his will. F~rg. By'r lady, 1 think, it be so. Dogb. Ha, ah, ha! Well, masters, good night an there be any matter of weight chances, call up me keep your fel-lows' counsels and your own, and good night.-Come, neighbour. Watch. Well, masters, we hear our charge let us go sit here upon the church bench till two, and then all to bed. Dogb. One word more, honest neighbours@ 1 pray you, watch about signior Leonato's door for the wedding being there to-morrow, there is a great coil to-night@ Adieu, be vigitant, 1 beseech you. E~~MM~ Dogberry and Verges. Enter Borachio and Conrade. Bora. What! Conrade, ~~A. Peace, stir not. ~y~. Bora. Conrade, 1 say,-Conr. Hère, man, 1 am at thy elbow. Bora. Mafs, and my elbow itched 1 thought, there would a scab follow. C~. 1 will owe thee an answer for that and now for-ward with thy tale. Bora. Stand thee close@ then@ under this pent@house, for it drizzles rain and 1 will, like a true drunkard, utter all tq thee. FF~c~. Some treason, masters yet stand close. ~ Bora. Therefore know, 1 have earned of Don John a thousand ducats. Conr. Is it pofsible that any villainy should be so dear? Bora. Thou shouldst rather ask, if it were pofsible any villainy should be so rich for when rich villains have need of poor ones, poor ones may make what price they will. Conr. 1 wonder at it. Bora. That shews, thou art unconfirmed@ Thou knowest, that the fashion of a doublet, or a hat, or a cloak, is nothing to a man. Conr. Yes, it is apparel. Bora. 1 mean, the fashion. Conr. Y es, the fashion is the fashion. Bora. Tush@ 1 may as well say, the fool is the fool. But seest thou not what a deformed thief this fashion is ? ~~cA. 1 know that Deformed he has been a vile thief this seven year he goes up and down like a gentleman 1 remember his name. Bora. Didst thou not hear somebody? Conr. No it was the vane on the house. Bora. Seest thou not, 1 say, what a deformed thief this fashion is ? how giddily he turns about all the hot bloods, between fourteen and five and thirty? sometimes fashioning them like Pharaoh's soldiers in the reechy painting@ some-tinie, like god Bel's priests in the old church window@ some-time, like the shaven Hercules in the smirched worm-eaten tapestry, where his codpiece seems as mafsy as his club ? Conr. Ail this 1 see and @@see, that the fashion wears out more apparel than the man@ But art not thou thyself giddy with the fashion too, that thou hast shifted out of thy tale into telling me of the fashion ? Bora. Not so@ neither but know, that 1 have to-night wooed Margaret, the lady Hero's gentlewoman, by the name of Hero she leans me out at her mistrefs' chamber win-dow, bids me a thousand times good night,@-1 tell this tale vilely -I should first tell thee, how the prince, Claudio, and my master, planted and placed, and pofsefsed by my master Don John, saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encounter. Cc?ïy. And thought they, Margaret was Hero ? Bora. Two of them did, the prince and Claudio but the devil my master knew she was Margaret and partly by his oaths, which first pofsefsed them, partly by the dark night, which did deceive them, but chiefly by my villainy, which did confirm any slander that Don John had made, away went Claudio enraged swore he would meet her, as he was appointed, next morning at the temple, and there, before the whole congregation, shame her with what he saw over@night, and send her home again without a husband. @@@@1 Watch. We charge you@ in the prince's name, stand@@@@@. Watch. Call up the right master constable@ We have here recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery that ever was known in the commonwealth. @@@@1 Watch. And one Deformed is one of them 1 know him, he wears a lock. Conr. Masters, masters,@ @@@2 Watch. You will be made bring Deformed forth, 1 war-rant you. C~r. Masters, 1 Never speak we charge you, let us obey you to go with us. ~cr~. We are like to prove a goodly commodity, being taken up of these men's bills. C~y. A commodity in question, 1 warrant you. Come, we will obey you. Exeunt. yCjE ~E 7f AN APARTMENT IN LEONATO~S HOUSE. Enter Hero, Margaret, and jH~. Good Ursula, wake my cousin Beatrice, and desire her to rise. Urs. 1 will, lady. Hero. And bid her corne hither. Urs. Well. E~C y~ ~zyg'. Troth, 1 think, your other rabato were better. Hero. No, pray thee, good Meg, 1 will wear this. Marg. By my troth, it is not so good and 1 warrant, your cousin will say so. Hero. My cousin is a fool, and thou art another 1 will wear none but this. ~!f~. 1 like the new tire within excellently, if the hair were a thought browner and your gown is a most rare fa-shion, i'@faith. 1 saw the duchefs of@Milan's gown, that they praise so. Hero. 0, that exceeds, they say. @. M By my troth, it is but a night-gown in respect of yours Cloth of gold, and cuts, and laced with silver@ set with pearls@ down sleeves, side sleeves, and skirts@ round, underborne with a bluish tinsel but for a fine, quaint, graceful, and excellent fashion, yours is worth ten of it. Hero. God give me joy to wear it, for my heart is ex-ceeding@@ heavy! ~y~. It will be heavier soon, by the weight of a man. Hero. Fie upon thee@ art not ashamed ? ~xy~ Of what, lady ? of speaking honourably ? Is not marriage honourable in a beggar ? Is not your lord honour able without marriage ? 1 think, you would have me say, @saving your reverence,-a husband@@ an@ bad thinking do not wrest true speaking, 1 will offend nobody Is there any harm in@-the heavier for a husband? None, 1 think, an it be the right husband, and the right wife otherwise it is light, and not heavy ask my lady Beatrice else, here she cornes. Enter Beatrice. Hero. Good morrow, coz. Beat. Good morrow, sweet Hero. Hero. Why, how now do you speak in the sick tune ? Beat. 1 am out of all other tune, methinks. Clap us into@-Light c' that goes without a burden do you sing it, and 1 will dance it. Beat. Yea, Light c' with your heels!-then@ if your husband have stables enough, you will see he shall lack no barns. Marg. 0 illegitimate construction@ 1 scorn that with my heels. Beat. It is almost five o'clock, cousin it is time you were ready. By my troth, 1 am exceeding ill hey ho! For a hawk, a horse, or a husband ? Beat. For the letter that begins them all, H. @@@@@Well, an@ you be not turned Turk, there is no more sailing by the star. Beat. What means the fool, trow? ~f~. Nothing 1 but God send every one their heart's s desire@ Hero. These gloves the count sent me, they are an excel-lent perfume. Beat. 1 am stuffed, cousin, 1 cannot smell. @A@@@@ maid, and stuffed@ there is goodly catching of cold. @@@@@0, God help me! God help me! How long have you profefsed appréhension ? ~~y~ Ever since you left it@ Doth not my wit become me rarely ? Beat. It is not seen enough, you should wear it in your cap.-By my troth, 1 am sick. @@@G@ et you some of this distilled Carduus Benedic-tus, and lay it to your heart it is the only thing for a qualm. Hero. There thou prickest her with a thistle. Beat. Benedictus@ why Benedictus ? you have some mo-ral in this Benedictus. Marg. Moral ? no, by my troth, 1 have no moral mean-ing 1 meant, plain holy thistle. You may think, per-chance, that 1 think you are in love nay, by'r lady, 1 am not such a fool to think what 1 list@ nor 1 list not to think what 1 can@ nor, indeed, 1 cannot think, if 1 would think my heart out of thinking, that you are in love, or that you will be in love, or that you can be in love@ yet Benedick was such another, and now is he become a man he swore he would never marry@ and yet now, in despite of his heart, he eats his meat without grudging and how you may be converted, 1 know not@ but, methinks, you look with your eyes as other women do. Beat. What pace is this that thy tongue keeps ? ~xrg'. Not a false gallop. Re-enter Ursula. C f~. Madam, withdraw the prince, the count, signior Benedick, Don John, and all the gallants of the town, are corne to fetch you to church. Hero. Help to drefs me, good coz, good Meg, good Ur-sula. Exeunt. ycE~~ jr ANOTHER APARTMENT IN LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Z~cm~ z~~ Dogberry and Verges. Leon. What would you with me, honest neighbour ? Dogb. Marry, sir, 1 would have some confidence with you, that decerns you nearly. Z~c~. Brief, 1 pray you for you see, it is a busy time with me. Dc~. Marry, this it is, sir. Verg. Yes, in truth, it is, sir. Leon. What is it, my good friends ? Dogb. Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the mat-ter an old man, sir, and his wits are not so blunt, as, God help, 1 would desire they were but, in faith, honest, as the skin between his brows. Verg. Yes, 1 thank God, 1 am as honest as any man liv-ing, that is an old man, and no honester than I. Dogb. Comparisons are odorous ~~y~y, neighbour Verges. Leon. Neighbours, you are tedious. Dogb. It pleases your worship to say so, but we are the poor duke's officers but, truly, for mine own part, if 1 were as tedious as a king, 1 could find@@@ in my heart to be-stow it all of your worship. Z~c~. Ail thy tediousnefs on me@ ah Dc~. Yea, an it were a thousand times more than it is for 1 hear as good exclamation on your worship, as of any man in the city and though 1 be but a poor man, 1 am glad to hear it. Verg. And so am I. Leon. 1 would fain know what you have to say. Verg. Marry, sir, our watch to-night, excepting your wor-ship's presence, have taken a couple of as arrant knaves as any in Melsina. Dogb. A good old man, sir he will be talking as they say, When the age is in, the wit is out God help us@ it is a world to see!-Well said, i'@faith, neighbour Verges -well, God is a good man an two men ride of a horse, one must ride behind -An honest soul, i'@faith, sir by my troth he is, as ever broke bread but, God is to be worship-ped Ail men are not alike alas, good neighbour! @Z~. Indeed, neighbour, he cornes too short of you. Dc~. Gifts, that God gives. Z~CM. 1 must leave you. Dc~. One word, sir our watch, sir, have, indeed, com-prehended two aspicious persons, and we would have them this morning examined before your worship. Z~c~. Take their examination yourself, and bring it me 1 am now in great haste, as it may appear unto you. Dogb. It shall be suffigance. Leon. Drink. some wine ere you go fare you well. Enter a Mefsenger. t 0 Mes. My lord, they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband. Leon. 1 will wait upon them 1 am ready. JE~~Z~~z~ Dc~. Go, good partner, go, get you to Francis Seacoal, bid him bring his pen and inkhorn to the gaol we are now to examination these men. Verg. And we must do it wisely. Dc~. We will spare for no wit, 1 warrant you here is that touching ~M~ shall drive some of them to a non-com@ only get the learned writer to set down our excom-munication, and meet me at the gaol. J~M?~. C 7F C E I A CHURCH. Enter Don Pedro, jD ~ ycA~ Leonato, ~r~~ Claudio, Benedick, f~ Beatrice, ~C. ~CM. Come, friar Francis, be brief only to the plain form of marriage, and you shall recount their particular du-ties afterwards. jFf~r. You corne hither, my lord, to marry this lady ? Claud. No. Z~c~. To be married to her, Friar@ you corne to marry her. Friar. Lady, you corne hither to be married to this count ? Hero. 1 do. Friar. If either of you know any inward impediment, why you should not be conjoined, 1 charge you, on your souls, to utter it. Claud. Know you any, Hero ? Hero. None, my lord. Friar. Know you any, count ? Z~ 1 dare make his answer, none. Claud. 0 what men dare do@ what men may do@ what men daily do@ not knowing what they do@ @@@@@How now@ interjections ? Why, then@ some be of laughing, as, ha! ha! he! C~XM~. Stand thee by, Friar -Father, by your leave Will you with free and unconstrained soul Give me this maid, your daughter? Z~c?z. As freely, son, as God did give her me. Claud. And what have 1 to give you back, whose worth May counterpoise this rich and precious gift@@? Pedro. Nothing, unlefs you render her again. Claud. Sweet prince, you learn me noble thankfulne s.-There, Leonato, take her back. again Give not this rotten orange to your n'iend She's but the sign and semblance of her honour Behold, how like a maid she blushes here@ 0, what authority and shew of truth Can cunning sin cover itself withal@ Cornes not that blood, as modest evidence, To witnefs simple virtue? Would you not swear, Ail you that see her, that she were a maid, By these exterior shews ? But she is none She knows the heat of a luxurious bed Her blush is guiltinefs, not modesty. Leon. What do you mean, my lord ? Claud. Not to be m.arried@ No@@t@ knit my soul to an approved wanton. Leon. Dear, my lord, if you, in your own proof, Have vanquish'd the resistance of her youth, And made defeat of her virginity,@-Claud. 1 know what you would say If 1 have known her, You will say, she did embrace me as a husband, And so extenuate the @forehand sin No, Leonato, 1 never tempted her with word too large But, as a brother to his sister, shew'd Bashful sincerity, and comely love. Hero. And seem'd 1 ever otherwise to you? Claud. Out on th@@y seeming! 1 will write against it You seem to me as Dian in her orb@ As chaste as is the bud ere it be blown But you are more intemperate in your blood Than Venus, or those pamper' d animais That rage in savage sensuality. Hero. Is my lord well, that he doth speak so wide ? Leon. Sweet prince, why speak not you @? Pedro. What should I speak ? 1 stand dishonour'd, that have gone about To link my dear friend to a common stale. Z~x. Are these things spoken, or do 1 but dream @? ~cA~. Sir, they are spoken, and these things are true. Bene. This looks not like a nuptial. J~fo. True, 0 God@ Claud. Leonato, Stand 1 hère? Is this the prince? Is this the prince's brother? Is this face Hero's? Are our eyes our own@? Z~ A@U this is so But what of this, my lord? Claud. Let me but move one question to your daughter And, by that fatherly and kindly power That you have in her, bid her answer truly. Leon. 1 charge thee do so, as thou art my child. @~fo. 0 God, defend me! how 1 am beset!-What kind of catechizing call you this ? ~r~ ~M~M~ ,11,1 ~i~J. '1 II lI, , M . ~ ' ¡ .y~ t~w . ii -r r~wt.' ~ A' f~~y~ Claud. To make you answer truly to your name. Hero. Is it not Hero ? Who can blot that name With any just reproach ? Claud. Marry, that can Hero Hero itself can blot out Hero's virtue. What man was he talk'd with you yesternight Out at your window, betwixt twelve and one ? Now, if@you are a maid, answer to this. Hero. 1 talk'd with no man at that hour, my lord. @@@Pedro. Why@ then are you no maiden.-Leonato, 1 am sorry you must hear Upon mine honour, Myself, my brother, and this grieved count, Did see her, hear her, at that hour last night, Talk with a ruffian at her chamber window Who hath, indeed, most like a liberal villain, Confefs'd the vile encounters they have had A thousand times in secret. @@~A7Z. Fie, fie@ they are Not to be nam'd, my lord, not to be spoke of There is not chastity enough in language, Without offence, to utter them@ Thus, pretty lady, 1 am sorry for thy much misgovernment. Claud. 0 Hero@ what a Hero hadst thou been, If half thy outward graces had been plac'd About thy thoughts, and counsels of thy heart! But, fare thee well, most foul, most fair! farewell, Thou pure impiety, and impious purity@ For thee, Fil lock up all thé gates of love, And on my eyelids shall conjecture hang, To turn all beauty into thoughts of harm, And never shall it more be gracious. Z~c~. Hath no man's dagger here a point for me? Beat. Why, how now, cousin? wherefore sink you down? Hero swoons. ~c~. Corne, let us go@ these things, come thus to light, Smother her spirits up. jE~~M~~ Don 7~~ J9~ ~c~ and Claudio. jB~M. How doth the lady ? Beat. Dead, 1 think@ Help, uncle@ Hero@ why, Hero!-Uncle !-Signior Benedick !-Friar 1~ 0 fate take not away thy heavy hand@ Death is the fairest cover for her shame, That may be wish'd for. Beat. How now, cousin Hero ? jFfM~. Have comfort, lady. @Z~. Dost thou look up ? Friar. Yea@ Wh.erefore should she not ? Leon. Wherefore? Why, doth not every earthly thing Cry shame upon her ? Could she here deny Thé story that is printed in her blood ?-Do not live, Hero do not ope thine eyes For@ did 1 think thou would'st not quickly die, Thought I, thy spirits were stronger than thy shames, Myself@would, on the rearward of reproaches, Strike at thy life. Griev' d I, 1 had but one? Chid 1 for that at frugal nature's trame? 0, one too much, by thee@ Why had 1 one ? Why ever wast thou lovely in my eyes ? Why had 1 not, with charitable hand, Took up a beggar's ifsue at my gates@ Who smirched thus, and mir'd with infamy, 1 might have said, JVc~~ of it is mine, This shame derives itself from M~~C! ~MTM ? But mine, and mine 1 lov'd, and mine 1 prais'd, And mine that 1 was proud on@ mine so much, That 1 myself was to myself not mine, Valuing of her@ why, she@-0, she, is fallen Into a pit of ink@ that the wide sea Hath drops too few to wash her clean again And salt too little, which may season give To her foui tainted flesh@ Bene. Sir, sir, be patient@ For my part, 1 am so attir'd in wonder, 1 know not what to say. Beat. 0, on my soul, my cousin is belied@ Bene. Lady, were you her bedfellow last night P Beat. No, truly not although, until last night, 1 have this twelvemonth been her bedfellow. Z~T~. Confirm' d, con@nrm'd! 0, that is stronger made, Which was before barr'd up with ribs of iron@ Would the two princes lie ? and Claudio lie ? Who lov'd her so, that, speaking of her foulnefs, Wash'd it with tears? Hence from her@ let her die. jFW~. Hear me a little For 1 have only been silent so long, And given way unto this course of fortune@@@, By noting of the lady 1 have mark'd A thousand blushing apparitions@@@ start Into her face@ a thousand innocent shames In angel whitenefs bear away those blushes And in her eye there hath appear'd a fire, To burn the errors that these princes hold Against her maiden truth -Call me a fool Trust not my reading, nor my observation@, Which with experimental seal doth warrant The tenour of my book trust not my age, My reverence, calling, nor divinity, If this sweet lady lie not guiltlefs here Under some biting error. @@Z~ Friar, it cannot be@ Thou seest, that all the grace that she hath left, Is, that she will not add to her damnation A sin of perjury she not denies it Why seek'st thou then to cover with excuse That which appears in proper nakednefs? F@@n' Lady, what man is he you are accus'd of? Hero. They know, that do accuse me 1 know none If 1 know more of any man alive, Than that which maiden modesty doth warrant, Let all my sins lack mercy!-0, my father, Provc you that any man with me convers'd At hours unmeet, or that 1 yesternight Maintain'd the change of words with any creature, Refuse me, hate me, torture me to death. Friar. There is some strange misprision in the princes. Bene. Two of them have the very bent of honour And if their wisdoms be misled in this, The practice of it lives in John the bastard, Whose spirits toil in frame of villainies. Z~c~. I know not@ If they speak but truth of her, These hands shall tear her if they wrong her honour, The proudest of them shall well hear of it. Time hath not yet so dried this blood of mine, Nor age so eat up my invention, Nor fortune made such havock of my means, Nor my bad life reft me so much of friends, But they shall find, awak'd in such a kind, Both strength of limb, and policy of@mind, Ability in means, and choice of friends, To quit me of them throughly. Friar. Pause a while, And let my counsel sway you in this case. Your daughter here thé princes left for dead Let her a while be secretly kept in, And publish it, that she is dead indeed Maintain a mourning ostentation And on your family's old monument Hang mournful epitaphs, and do all rites That appertain unto a burial. Z~~z. What shall become of@this? What will this do? Friar. Marry, this, well carried, shall on her behalf Change slander to remorse that is some good But not for that, dream 1 on this strange course, But on this travail, look for greater birth. She dying, as it must be so maintain'd, Upon the instant that she was accus'd, Shall be lamented, pitied and excus'd, Of every hearer For it so falls out, That what we have, we prize not to the worth, Whiles we enjoy it@ but being lack'd and lost, Why, then we rack the value@ then we filld Thé virtue, that polselsion would not shew us Whiles it was ours -So will it fare with Claudio When he shall hear she died upon his words, The idea of her life shall sweetly creep Into his study of imagination@ And every lovely organ of her life Shall corne apparell' d in more precious habit, More moving, delicate, and full of life, Into the eye and prospect of his soul, Than when she liv'd indeed then shall he mourn, If ever love had interest in his liver@ And wish he had not so accused her@ No, though he thought his accusation true. Let this be so@ and doubt not but succefs Will fashion thé event in better shape Than 1 can lay it down in likelihood. But if all aim but this be levell'd false, The supposition of the lady's death Will quench the wonder of her infamy And, if it sort not well, you may conceal her, As best befits her wounded réputation@ In some reclusive and religious life, Out of all eyes, tongues, minds, and injuries. Bene. Signior Leonato, let the Friar advise you And though, you know, my inwardnefs and love Is very much unto the prince and Claudio, Yet, by mine honour, 1 will deal in this As secretly, and justly, as your soul Should with your body. Z~z. Being that 1 flow in grief, Thé smallest twine may lead me. Friar. 'Tis well consented presently away For to strange sores strangely they strain the cure. Corne, lady, die to Jive this wedding day, Perhaps, is but prolong'd have patience, and en-dure. Exeunt Friar, Hero, and Leonato. Lady Beatrice, have you wept all this while ? Beat. Yea, and 1 will weep a while longer. Bene. 1 will not desire that. Beat. You have no reason, 1 do it freely. Bene. Surely, 1 do believe your fair cousin is wronged. Beat. Ah@ how much might the man deserve of me, that would right her! Bene. Is there any way to shew such jfriendship ? Beat. A very even way, but no such friend. Bene. May a man do it ? Beat. It is a man's office, but not yours. Bene. 1 do love nothing in the world so well as you Is s not that strange ? Beat. As strange as thé thing 1 know not@ It werc as pofsible for me to say, 1 loved nothing so well as you but believe me not and yet 1 lie not 1 confefs nothing, nor 1 deny nothing -1 am sorry for my cousin. Bene. By my sword, Beatrice, thou lovest me. Beat. Do not swear by it, and eat it. Bene. 1 will swear by it, that you love me and 1 will make him eat it, that says, 1 love not you. Beat. Will you not eat your word ? Bene. With no sauce that can be devised to it@ 1 protest, 1 love thee. Beat. Why@ then, God forgive me@ Bene. What offence, sweet Beatrice? Beat. You have stayed me in a happy hour 1 was about to protest, 1 loved you. Bene. And do it with all thy heart. .6~. 1 love you with so much of my heart, that none is left to protest. Bene. Corne, bid me do any thing for thee. Beat. Kill Claudio. Bene. Ha! not for the wide world. Beat. You kill me to deny it@ Farewell. @@@@@Tarry, sweet Beatrice. Beat. 1 am gone, though 1 am hère There is no love in you -Nay, 1 pray you, let me go. Bene. Béatrice,@-Beat. In faith, 1 will go. Bene. We will be friends first. Beat. You dare easier be friends with me, than fight with mine enemy. Bene. Is Claudio thine enemy? Beat. Is he not approved in the height a@ villain, that hath slandered, scorned, dishonoured my kinswoman?-0, that 1 were a man!-What! bear her in hand until they corne to take hands and then@ with public accusation, un-covered slander, unmitigated rancour,-0 God, that 1 were a man@ 1 would eat his heart in the market-place. @j5~ Hear me, Beatrice@. Beat. Talk with a man out at a window? a proper saying@ Bene. Nay@ but, Beatrice@@ .8~. Sweet Hero!-she is wronged, she is slandered, she is undone. Bene. Beat-~ @x~. Princes, and counties@ Surely, a princely testimony, a goodly count-confect a sweet gallant, surely! 0 that 1 were a man for his sake@ or that 1 had any friend would be a man for my sake@ But manhood is melted into courtesies, valour into compliment, and men are only turned into tongue, and trim ones too he is now as valiant as Hercules, that only tells a lie, and swears it -1 cannot be a man with wishing, therefore 1 will die a woman with grieving. Bene. Tarry, good Beatrice@ By this hand, 1 love thee. Beat. Use it for my love some other way than swearing hy it. Bene. Think you in your soul, the count Claudio hath wronged Hero ? Beat. Yea, as sure as 1 have a thought, or a soul. Bene. Enough, 1 am engaged, 1 will challenge him@ 1 will kifs your hand, and so @@leave you@ By this hand, Clau-dio shall render me a dear account@ As you hear of me, so think of me. Go, comfort your cousin 1 must say, she is dead and so, farewell. E~M~. y C F 7 A PRISON. Enter Dogberry, Verges, and Sexton, @@~~czMM and Watch, with Conrade, and ~of~c~~o. Dogb. Is our whole difsembly appeared ? Verg. 0, a stool and a cushion for the Sexton! Sexton. Which be the malefactors? Dogb. Marry, that am I, and my partner. Verg. Nay, that is certain we have the exhibition to examine. Sexton. But which are the offenders that are to be exa-mined ? let them come before master constable. Dogb. Yea, marry, let them corne before me.-What is your name, friend ? Bora. Borachio. Dogb. Pray, write down@-Borachio.-Yours, sirrah? Conr. 1 am a gentleman, sir@ and my name is Con-rade. Dogb. Write down@-master gentleman Conrade.-Masters, do you serve God@@@@? Both. Yea, sir, we hope. Dogb. Write down@-that they hope they serve God -and write God first for God defend but God should go before such villains@ M asters, it is proved already that you are little better than false knaves and it will go near to be thought so shortly. How answer you for yourselves ? Conr. Marry, sir, we say, we are none. Dogb. A marvellous witty fellow, 1 afsure you but 1 will go about with him.-Come you hither, sirrah a word in your ear, sir@ 1 say to you, it is thought you are false knaves. Bora. Sir, 1 say to you, we are none. Dc~. Well, stand aside.@@Fore God, they are both in a tale@ Have you writ down@-that they are none ? Sexton. Master constable, you go not the way to exa-mine you must call forth the watch that are their ac-cusers. Dogb. Yea, marry, that is the eftest way -Let the watch come fbrth -Masters, 1 charge you@ in the prince's name@ accuse these men. @@@@1 Watch. This man said, sir, that Don John, the prince's brother, was a villain. jPc~. Write down-prince John a villain -Why, this is flat perjury, to call a prince's brother vil-lain. Bora. Master constable, Z ?~. Pray thee, fellow, peace 1 do not like thy look, 1 promise thee. Sexton. What heard you him say else @? 2 Watch. Marry, that he had received a thousand du-cats of Don John, for accusing the lady Hero wrong-fully. Dogb. Flat burglary, as ever was committed. Verge Yea, by thé mafs, that it is. Sextort. What else, fellow @@? 1 Watch. And that count Claudio did mean, upon his words, to disgrace Hero before the whole afsembly, and not m.arry her. Dogb. 0 villain! thou wilt be condemned into everlast-ing redemption for this. Sexton. What else? ~F~A. This is all. Sexton. And this is more, masters, than you can deny. Prince John is this morning secretly stolen away Hero was in this manner accused, in this very manner refused, and upon the grief of this, suddenly died.-Master constable, let these men be bound, and brought to Leonato's 1 will go before, and shew him their examination. Exit. Dogb. Come, let them be opinioned. iF~. Let them be in @@@@band. C~r. Off, coxcomb! Dogb. God's my life! where is the Sexton? let him write down-the prince's officer, coxcomb.-Corne, bind them -Thou naughty varlet@ Conr. Away! you are an afs, you are an afs. Dogb. Dost thou not suspect my place? Dost thou not suspect my years ?-0 that he were here to write me down -an aïs!-but, masters, remember, that 1 am an afs though it be not written down, yet forget not that 1 am an aïs -No, thou villain, thou art full of piety, as shall be proved upon thee by good witnefs. 1 am a wise fellow@ and, which is more, an officer@ and, which is more, an householder@ and, which is more, as pretty a piece of flesh as any is in Mefsina@ and one that knows the law, go to and a rich fellow enough, go to and a fellow that hath had lofses@ and one that hath two gowns, and, every thing handsome about him -Bring him away. 0, that 1 had been writ down-an afs jE~~M~ ~C~ ~CJ~JVE BEFORE LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Leonato, and Antonio. ~4~. If@you go on thus, you will kill yourself And 'tis not wisdom, thus to second grief Against yourself. @JL~ 1 pray thee, cease thy counsel, Which falls into mine ears as profitlefs As water in a sieve give not me counsel Nor let no comforter delight mine ear, But such a one whose wrongs do suit with mine. Bring me a father, that so lov'd his child, Whose joy of her is overwhelm'd like mine, And bid him speak of patience Measure his woe the length and breadth of mine, And let it answer every strain for strain@ As thus for thus, and such a grief for such, In every lineament, branch, shape, and form If such a one will smile, and stroke his beard@ And, sorrow wag! cry @hem!@ when he should groan@ Patch grief with proverbs@ make misfortune drunk With candle-wasters bring him yet to me, And 1 of him will gather patience. But there is no such man For, brother, men Can counsel, and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel but, tasting it, Their counsel turns to pafsion, which before Would give preceptial medicine to rage, Fetter strong madnefs in a silken thread, Charm ache with air, and agony with words No, no 'tis all men's o@nice to speak patience To those that wring under thé load of sorrow@ But no man's virtue, nor su@niciency, To be so moral, when he shall endure The like himself@ therefore give me no counsel My griefs cry louder than advertisement. ~yz~. Therein do men from children nothing differ. Z~~z. 1 pray thee, peace@ 1 will be flesh and blood For there was never yet philosopher, That could endure the toothach@ patiently@ However they have writ the style of gods, And made a pish at chance and sufferance. @@@@Yet bend not all the harm upon yourself Make those, that do o@nend you, suffer too. @@Z~ There thou speak'st reason nay, 1 will do so@ My soul doth tell me, Hero is belied And that shall Claudio know, so shall the prince, And all of them, that thus dishonour her. Enter Don Pedro, and Claudio. Here cornes the prince, and Claudio, hastily. Pedro. Good den, good den. Claud. Good day to both of you. Z~o~. Hear you, my lords,-.P~c. We have some haste, Leonato. @@Z~ Some haste, my lord!-well, fare you well, my lord -Are you so hasty now?-well, all is one. T~~c. Nay, do not quarrel with us, good old man. ~4~. If@he could right himself with quarrelling, Some of us would lie low. Claud. Who wrongs him ? jL~c~. Marry, thou dost@wrong@me~ thou difsembler, thou -Nay, never lay thy hand upon thy sword, 1 fear thee not. Claud. Marry, beshrew my hand, If it should give your age such cause of fear In faith, my hand meant nothing to my sword. Leon. Tush, tush, man, never @neer and jest at me 1 speak not like a dotard, nor a fbol~ As, under privilege of age, to brag What 1 have done being young, or what would do, Were 1 not old@ Know, Claudio, to thy head, Thou hast so wrong'd mine innocent child and me, That 1 am fbrc'd to lay my reverence by And, with grey hairs, and bruise of many days, Do challenge thee to trial of a man. I say, thou hast belied mine innocent child, Thy slander hath gone through and through her heart, And she lies buried with her ancestors @0 in a tomb where never scandai slept, Save this of hers, fram'd by thy villainy. Claud. My@villainy@? Z~ Thine, Claudio thine, 1 say. ~~yc. You say not right, old man. Leon. My lord, my lord, @Fil prove it on his body, if he dare@ Despite his nice fence, and his active practice, His May of youth, and bloom of lustyhood. Claud. Away, 1 will not have to do with you. Z~c~. Canst thou so daif me? Thou hast kI@IFd my child If thou kill'st me, boy, thou shalt kill a man. @@@@He shall kill two of us, and men indeed But that's no matter let him kill one first,-Win me and wear me,-let him answer me@ Corne, follow me, boy corne, sir boy, @@@@@@follow me Sir boy, @Fil whip you from your foining fence Nay, as 1 am a gentleman, 1 will. Leon. Brother,@ @@@@Content yourself@ God knows, 1 lov'd my niece And she is dead, slander'd to death by villains@ That dare as well answer a man indeed, As 1 dare take a serpent by the tongue Boys, apes, braggarts, jacks, milksops!-Leon. Brother Anthony,@ Ant. Hold you content@ What, man! 1 know them, yea, And what they weigh, even to the utmost scruple@ Sc@ambling, out-facing, fashion-mong'ring boys, That lie, and cog, and flout, deprave, and slander, Go antickly, and show outward hideousnefs, And speak off half a dozen dangerous words, How they might hurt their enemies, if they durst, And this is all. Leon. But, brother Anthony,@@@@@-Corne, 'tis no matter Do not you meddle, let me deal in this. @@jP~fc. Gentlemen both, we will not wake your patience. My heart is sorry for your daughter's death But, on my honour, she was charg'd with nothing But what was true, and very full of proof. Leon. My lord, my lord,@@-jP~yo. 1 will not hear you. Leon. No? Come, brother, away -1 will be heard. An@@@@d shall, Or some of us will smart for it. J~~M~ jL~M~Mc. Enter Benedick. jM~c. See, see hère cornes the man we went to seek. Claud. Now, signior! What@news? Bene. Good day, my lord. @@@Pedro. Welcome@ signior You are almost come to part almost a fray. Claud. We had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth@@@. Pedro. Leonato and his brother@ What thinkest@thou? had we fought, 1 doubt, we should have been too young for them. Bene. In a false quarrel there is no true valour. 1 came to seek you both. Claud. We have been up and down to seek thee for we are high-proof melancholy, and would fain have it beaten away@ Wilt thou use thy wit ? Bene. It is in my scabbard Shall 1 draw It ? @T~rc. Dost thou wear thy wit by thy side ? Claud. Never any did so, though very many have been beside their wit.-1 will bid thee draw, as we do the min-strels draw, to pleasure us. @@@Pedro. As 1 am an honest man, he looks pale -Art thou sick, or angry? Claud. What@ courage, man@ What, though care killed a cat, thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care. Bene. Sir, 1 shall meet your wit in the career, an@ you charge it against me -1 pray you, ch@use another subject. Claud. Nay, then@ give him another staff this last was broke crofs@@@. Pedro. By this light, he changes more and more 1 think, he be angry indeed. Claud. If he be, he knows how to turn his girdle. Bene. Shall 1 speak a word in your ear ? Claud. God biefs me from a challenge You are a villain -1 jest not -1 will make it good how you dare, with what you dare, and when you dare@ Do me right, or 1 will protest your cowardice. You have killed a sweet lady, and her death shall fall heavy on you@ Let me hear from you. Claud. Well, 1 will meet you, so 1 may have good cheer@@@. Pedro. What, a feast ? a feast ? Claud.@ rfaith, 1 thank him he hath bid me to a calf's head and a capon the which if 1 do not carve most curi-ously, say, my knife is naught.-Shall 1 not find a wood-cock too? ~M~. Sir, your wit ambles well it goes easily. @@@Pedro. 1 will tell thee, how Beatrice praised thy wit the other day@ 1 said, thou hadst a fine wit 7~~ says she, @a f@ne little one@@ JVo@~ said I,@@@ great wit@@ @Right,@ said she, @a great @~o ~ one @Xay,@ said I, @@@good wit @@@@y~,@ said she, @it hurts nobody@@ @Nay,@ said I, the is w@~ @Certain,@ said she, a wise @Nay,@ said I, @he hath the tongues@@ @That I believe,@ said she, @for he swore a thing to me on Mon-day night, zvhich ~~o~6 ~M~~ morning there is a double tongue, there is two ~~M~. Thus did she, an hour@ together, trans-shape thy particular virtues yet, at last, she concluded with a sigh, thou wast the properest man in Italy. Claud. For the which she wept heartily, and said, she cared not. @~~c. Yea, that she did but yet, for all that, an if she did not hate him deadly, she would love him dearly the old man's daughter told us all. Claud. Ail, all and@ moreover, God @~w him when he was hid in the g~r@@@@@~. Pedro. But when shall we set the savage bull's horns on the sensible Benedick's head ? Claud. Yea, and text underneath, @Her@@@@e@@@ Benedick, the married man? Bene. Fare you well, boy you know my mind@ 1 will leave you now to your gofsip-like humour you break jests as braggarts do their blades, which, God be thanked, hurt not.-My lord, for your many courtesies 1 thank you 1 must discontinue your company your brother, the Bastard, is fled from Mefsina you have, among you, killed a sweet and innocent lady@ For my lord Lack-beard there, he and 1 shall meet and@ till then, peace be with him. @@@~~j5~ Pedro. He is in earnest. Claud. In most profound earnest and, 1 will warrant you, for the love of Beatrice@@@. Pedro. And hath challenged thee? Claud. Most sincerely. @@@Pedro. What a pretty thing man is, when he goes in his doublet and hose, and leaves off his wif Enter Dogberry, Verges, and the Watch, with Conrade, and Borachio. Claud. He is then a giant to an ape but then is an ape a doctor to such a man. @@jP@~c. But, soft you, let@@@ be pluck up@ my heart, and be sad@ Did he not say, my brother was fled? Dcg~. Corne you, sir if justice cannot tame you, she shall never weigh more reasons in her balance nay, an you be a cursing hypocrite once, you must be looked to@@@. Pedro. How now, two of my brother's men bound@ Bo-rachio, one! Claud. Hearken after their offence, my lor@@@d@ Pedro. Officers, what offence have these men done ? Dogb. Marry, sir, they have committed false report moreover, they have spoken untruths secondarily, they are slanders sixth and lastly, they have belied a lady thirdly, they have verified unjust things and, to conclude, they are lying knaves. @.@T~fc. First, 1 ask thee what they have done thirdly, 1 ask thee what is their offence sixth and lastly, why they are committed and, to conclude, what you lay to their charge. Claud. Rightly reasoned, and in his own division and, by my troth, there is one meaning well suited. @@@@JMrc. Who have you offended, masters, that you are thus bound to your answer? this learned constable is too cunning to be understood What is your offence? Bora. Sweet prince, let me go no further to mine answer do you hear me, and let this count kill me. 1 have deceived even your very eyes what your wisdoms could not disco-ver, these shallow fools have brought to light who, in the night, overheard me confefsing to this man, how Don John your brother incensed me to slander the lady Hero@ how you were brought into the orchard, and saw me court Mar-garet in Hero's garments@ how you disgraced her, when you should marry her my villainy they have upon record which 1 had rather seal with my death, than repeat over to my shame@ the lady is dead upon mine and my master's false accusation and, briefly, 1 desire nothing but the re-ward of a villain. Pedro. Runs not this speech like iron through your@blood ? Claud. 1 have drunk poison, whiles he uttered it. @.@P@~ro. But did my brother set thee on to this ? Bora. Yea, and paid me richly for the practice of it@@@. Pedro He is compos'd and fram'd of treachery -And fled he is upon this villainy. Claud. Sweet Hero@ now thy image doth appear In the rare semblance that 1 lov'd it first. Dogb. Come, bring away thé plaintiffs by this time, our Sexton hath reformed Signior Leonato of the matter And, masters, do not forget to specify, when time and place shall serve, that 1 am an afs. @~r~. Here, here cornes master signior Leonato, and thé Sexton too. Re-enter Z~~M~ and Antonio, z~~A tlte Sexton. Z~z. Which is the villain? Let me see his eyes@ That@ when 1 note another man like him, 1 may avoid him Which of these is he ? Bora. If you would know your wronger, look on me. Leon. Art thou the slave, that with thy breatli hast kill'd Mine innocent child ? J3c~. Yea, even 1 alone, L@@~ No, not so, villain thou beliest thyself Hère stand a pair of honourable men, A third is fled, that had a hand in it -1 thank you, princes, for my daughter's death Record it with your high and worthy deeds 'Twas bravely donc, if you bethink you of it. Claud. 1 know not how to pray your patience, Yet 1 must speak@ Ch@use your revenge yourself Impose me to what penance your invention Can lay upon my sin yet sinn'd 1 not, But in mistaking. Pedro. By my soul, nor 1 And yet, to satisfy this good old man, 1 would bend under any heavy weight That he'll enjoin me to. Leon. 1 cannot bid you bid my daughter live, That were impofsible but, 1 pray you both, Pofsefs the people in Mefsina here How innocent she died and, if your love Can labour aught in sad invention, Hang her an epitaph upon her tomb, And sing it to her bones@ sing it to-night To-morrow morning corne you to my house@ And since you could not be my son-in-law, Be yet my nephew my brother hath a daughter, Almost the copy of my child that's dead, And she alone is heir to both of us Give her the right you should have given he@r cousin, And so dies my revenge. Claud. 0, noble sir! Your over-kindnefs doth wring tears from me@ 1 do embrace your offer and dispose For henceforth of poor Claudio. Leon. To-morrow then 1 will expect your coming To-night 1 take my leave.-This naughty man Shall face to face be brought to Margaret, Who, 1 believe, was pack'd in all this wrong, Hir'd to it by your brother. Bora. No, by my soul, she was not@ Nor knew not what she did, when she spoke to me@ But aiways hath been just and virtuous, In any thing that 1 do know by her. Dogb. Moreover, sir, which, indeed, is not under white and black@ this plainti@S here, the offender, did call me afs 1 beseech you, let it be remembered in his punishment@ And also, the Watch heard them talk of one Defbrmed they say, he wears a key in his ear, and a lock hanging by it@ and borrows money in God's name@ the which he hath used so long, and never paid, that now men grow hard-hearted, and will lend nothing for God's saké Pray you, examine him upon that point. Leon. 1 thank thee for thy care and honest pains. Dogb. Your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverend youth and 1 praise God for you. Leon. There is for thy pains. Dogb. God save the foundation@ Z~z. Go, 1 discharge thee of thy prisoner, and 1 thank thee. Dc~. 1 leave an arrant knave with your worship which 1 beseech your worship to correct yourself, for the example of others. God keep your worship@ 1 wish your worship well God restore you to health@ 1 humbly give you leave to depart and if a merry meeting may be wished, God pro-hibit it.-Come, neighbour. LE' Leon. Until to-morrow morning, lords, farewell. ~y~. Farewell, my lords we look for you to-morrow@@@. Pedro. We will not fail. Claud. To-night I'll mourn with Hero. Leon. Bring you these fellows on@ we'll talk with Margaret, How her acquaintance grew with this lewd fellow. E~M~ ~~Y~ CJP ~J? A ROOM IN LEONATO'S HOUSE@. Enter Benedick, and Margaret, meeting. Bene. Pray thee, sweet mistrefs Margaret, deserve well at my hands, by helping me to the speech of Beatrice. Marg. Will you then write me a sonnet in praise of my beauty @@@? In so high a style, Margaret, that no man living shall come over it for, in most comely truth, thou deser-vest it. @@@~ To have no man corne over me? why, shall 1 al-ways keep below stairs ? Bene. Thy wit is as quick as the greyhound's mouth, it catches. @~f~ And yours as blunt as the fencer's foils, which hit, but hurt not. Bene. A most manly wit, Margaret, it will not hurt a woman and so, 1 pray thee, call Beatrice 1 give thee the bucklers. .M~g. Give us the swords, we have bucklers of our own. Bene. If you use thern, Margaret, you must put in the pikes with a vice and they are dangerous weapons for maids. @@@' Vell, 1 will call Beatrice to you, who, 1 think, hath legs. ~~ Margaret. J5~. And therefore will corne. sings. The god c~ Z~ sits ~c~ And knows me, and @~zc~ me, How ~~Z M~ I ~~T~ 1 mean, in singing but in loving,@Leander the good swimmer, Troilus the first employer of pandars, and a whole book full of these quondam carpet-m.ongers, whose names yet run smoothly in the even road of a blank verse, why, they were never so truly turned over and over, as my poor self, in love@ Marry, I cannot shew it in rhyme 1 have tried 1 can find out no rhyme to @lady@ but @baby,@ an innocent rhyme for @scorn,@ ltorn,@ a hard rhyme for ~Ac~jM, a bab-bling rhyme very ominous endings No, 1 was not born under a rhyming planet, nor 1 cannot woo in festival terms. Enter Beatrice. Sweet Beatrice, would'st thou come when 1 called thee? Yea, signior, and depart when you bid me. Bene. 0, stay but till then! @@@T@@@hen, is spoken fare you well now -and yet@ ère 1 go, let me go with that 1 came for, which is, with know@mg what hath pafsed between you and Claudio. j6~. Only foui words and thereupon 1 will Idfs thee. Foui words is but foui wind, and foui wind is but foui breath, and foui breath is noisome therefore 1 will depart unkifsed. Bene. Thou hast frighted the word out of his right sense, so forcible is thy wit@ But, 1 must tell thee plainly, Clau-dio undergoes my challenge and either 1 must shortly hear from him, or 1 will subscribe him a coward. And, 1 pray thee now, tell me, for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me ? J3~. For them all together which maintained so poli-tic a state of evil, that they will not admit any good part to intermingle with them. But for which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me? Bene. ~M~r ~o~ a good epithet! 1 do suffer love, in-deed, for 1 love thee against my will. Beat. In spite of your heart, 1 think alas@ poor heart@ If you spite it for my sake, 1 will spite it for yours for 1 will ncver love that which my friend hates. Bene. Thou and 1 are too wise to woo peaceably. Beat. It appears not in this confefsion there is not one wise man among twenty, that will praise himself. Bene. An old, an old instance, Beatrice, that lived in the time of good neighbours@ if a man do not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies, he shall live no longer in monu-ment, than the bell rings, and the widow weeps. Beat. And how long is that, think you ? Bene. Question?-Why, an hour in clamour, and a quarter in r heum Therefore it is most expédient for the wise, if Don Worm, his conscience, find no impediment to the contrary@ to be the trumpet of his own virtues, as 1 am to myself@ So much for praising myself, who, 1 myself will bear witnefs, is praise-worthyj and now tell me, How doth your cousin ? Very ill. @@@@@And how do you ? Beat. Very ill too. Bene. Serve God, love me, and mend@ there will 1 leave you too, for here cornes one in haste. Enter @@@@@6~ Urs. Madam, you must come to your uncle@ yonder is old coil at home it is proved my lady Hero hath been falsely accused, the prince and Claudio mightily abused and Don John is the author of all, who is fled and gone@ Will you corne presently ? Beat. Will you go hear this news, signior? Bene. 1 will live in thy heart, die in thy lap, and be bu-ried in thy eyes and, moreover, 1 will go with thee to thy uncle. E~M~. C ~J~jE 777 A CHURCH. Enter Don ~~yc~ Claudio, and Attendants ~~A music and tapers. Claud. Is this the monument of Leonato ? Attend. It is, my lord. Claudio reads. Done Io death by slanderous tongues Was the Hero that here lies Death, in guerdon o~ her zvrongs, Gives herfame@@@@@@ never dies@ So the life, that died with shame, Lives in death ~A ~onomjf~ Hang thou there upon the tomb, P~M~g ~~y when I am dumb. Now, music, sound, and sing your solemn hymn. S ON G. Pardon, goddefs of the night, 7~~ that virgin knight For the z~ Mc~ with ~~M~ of woe, Round about her tomb they go. Midnight, afsist our moan jf~~ to ~~A and groan, .H~M~ A~ Graves, yawn, and yield your dead, T@z~ death be uttered, Heavily, heavily. C~M~. Now@ unto thy bones good night! Yearly will 1 do this rite@@@. Pedro. Good morrow, masters put your torches out The wolves have prey'd and, look, the gentle day, Before the wheels of Phoebus, round about Dapples the drowsy east with spots of grey@ Thanks to you all, and leave us fare you well. Claud. Good morrow, masters each his several way. JF~yc. Corne, let us hence, and put on other weeds And then to Leonato's we will go. Claud. And, Hymen, now with luckier ifsue speed's Than this, for whom we render'd up this woe! E~M~. C E F LEONATO'S HOUSE. Enter Leonato, Antonio, Benedick, Beatrice, Margaret, Ursula, and ~r~ Friar. Did 1 not tell you she was innocent ? Leon. So are the prince and Claudio, who accus'd her, Upon the error that you heard debated But Margaret was in some fault for this@ Although against her will, as it appears In the true course of all the question. ~?z~. Well@ 1 am glad that all things sort so well. Bene. And so am I, being else by faith enforc'd To call young Claudio to a reckoning for it. Leon. Well, daughter, and you gentlewomen all, Withdraw into a chamber by yourselves@ And, when 1 send for you, corne hither mask' d The prince and Claudio promis'd by this hour To visit me -You know your office, brother You must be father to your brother's daughter, And give her to young Claudio. Exeunt Ladies. Ant. Which 1 will do with confirm' d countenance. Bene. Friar, 1 must entreat your pains, 1 think. Friar. To do what, signior ? Bene. To bind me, or undo me, one of them.-Signior Leonato, truth it is, good signior, Your niece regards me with an eye of favour. Leon. That eye my daughter lent her @Tis most true. Bene. And 1 do with an eye of love requite her. Leon. The sight whereof, 1 think, you had from me, From Claudio, and the prince But what's your will? Bene. Your answer, sir, is enigmatical But, for my will, my will is, your good will May stand with ours, this day to be conjoin'd In the state of honourable marriage In which, good Friar, 1 shall desire your help. @jL~ My heart is with your liking. Friar. And my help. Here comes the prince, and Claudio. Enter Don Pedro, and Claudio, with Attendants. Pedro. Good morrow to this fair afsembly. Z~CM. Good morrow, prince good morrow, Claudio We here attend you@ Are you yet determin'd To-day to marry with my brother's daughter? Claud. I'll hold my mind, were she an Ethiop@. Z~cM. Call her forth, brother, here's the Friar ready. J?~~ jP~yo. Good morrow, Benedick@ Why, what's the matter, That you have such a February face, So full of frost, of storm, and cloudinefs ? Claud. 1 think, he thinks upon the savage bu@JI Tush, fear not, man, we'll tip thy horns with gold, And all Europa shall rejoice at thee@ As once Europa did at lusty@jove, When he would play the noble beast in love. Bene. Bull Jove, sir, had an amiable low And some such strange bull leap'd your father's cow, And got a calf' in that same noble feat, Much like to you, for you have@just his bleat. Re-enter Antonio, Hero, Beatrice, Margaret, ~M~ Ursula, masked. Claud. For this 1 owe you here cornes other reckonings. Which is the lady 1 must seize upon ? Ant. This same is she, and 1 do give you her. Claud. Why,@then she's mine -Sweet, let me see your@face. Leon. No, that you shall not, till you take her hand Before this Friar, and swear to marry her. Claud. Give me your hand before this holy Friar@ 1 am your husband, if you like of me. Hero. And when 1 liv'd, 1 was your other@wife unmasking. And when you lov'd, you were my other husband. Claud. Another Hero ? ~fc. Nothing certain.er One Hero died defiled@ but 1 do live, And, surely as @@live, 1 am a maid. @@jP@~c. The former Hero@ Hero, that is dead@ Z~z. She died, my lord, but whiles her slander liv'd. Friar. Ail this amazement can 1 qualify When, after that the holy rites are ended, l'il tell you largely of fair Hero's death Meantime let wonder seem familiar, And to the chapel let us presently. Bene. Soft and fair, Friar.-Which is Béatrice ? Beat. 1 answer to that name M~m~.1 What is your will ? Bene. Do not you love me @@@? Why, no, no more than reason. Bene. Why, then your uncle, and the prince, and Claudio, Have been deceived for they swore, you did. Beat. Do not you love me ? Bene. Troth, no, no more than reason. Beat. Why, then my cousin, Margaret, and Ursula, Are much deceiv'd for they did swear, you did. Bene. They swore, that you were almost sick for me. Beat. They swore, that you were well nigh dead for me. Bene. 'Tis no such matter -Then, you do not love me? .Beat. No, truly, but in friendly recompence. Z~M. Come, cousin, 1 am sure you love the gentleman. Claud. And I'll be sworn upon't, that he loves her For here's a paper, written in his hand, A halting sonnet of his own pure brain, Fashion'd to Beatrice. Hero. And here's another, Writ in my cousin's hand, stolen from her pocket, Containing her affection unto Benedick. Bene. A miracle@ here's our own hands against our hearts -Corne, I will have thee but, by this light, 1 take thee for pity. @@@@@1 would not deny you -but, by this good day, 1 yield upon great persuasion and, partly, to save your life, for 1 was told, you were in a consumption. Bene. Peace, 1 will stop your mouth.@- ~~ her@@. Pedro. How dost thou, Benedick@ the married man? Bene. 1 will tell thee what, prince a college of wit-crackers cannot flout me out of my humour Dost thou think, 1 care for a satire, or an epigram ? No if a man will be beaten with brains, he shall wear nothing handsome about him@ In brief, since 1 do purpose to marry, 1 will think nothing to any purpose that the world can say against it and therefore never flout at me for what 1 have said against it for man is a giddy thing, and this is my conclusion. For thy part, Claudio, 1 did think to have beaten thee but, in that thou art like to be my kinsman, live unbruised, and love my cousin. Claud. 1 had well hoped, thou wouldst have denied Bea-trice, that 1 might have cudgelled thee out of thy single life, to make thee a double dealer which, out of question, thou wilt be, if my cousin do not look exceeding@@ narrowly to thee. Bene. Come, come, we are friends let us have a dance ere we are married, that we may lighten our own hearts, and our wives' heels. Z~ We will have dancing afterward. @j6~ First, on my word therefore, play, music.-Prince, thou art sad get thee a wife, get thee a wife there is no staff more reverend than one ti@p@t with horn. Enter a Mes@enger. Mes. My lord, your brother John is ta'en in flight, And brought with armed men back to Mefsina. @j6~ Think not on him till to-morrow I will devise thee brave punishments for him.-Strike up, pipers. ~~c~. E~ c~MM. '° °' Front ~c ~aÏt~pMM ~LMER~CO. DRAMATIC WORKS 0F SHAKSPEARE. REVISED ~r GEORGE ~y~jF~~y. LONDON PRINTED BY W. BULMER AND CO. ~a6~MfC ~t~B~~tCC, FOR JOHN AND JOSIAH BOYDELL, AND GEORGE NICOL FyoM the Types of W. Mar~'M. 1791. THE LOVE'S LABOUR'S ~0~7 Biron, Longaville, and Dumain, Lords,ountry Wenclt. PERSONS OF THE DRAMA Ferdinand, A~'M~ of Navarre. O~C~r~, and 0~ Attendants on ~6 AïMg' and Princess. Scene, Navarre. LOVE'S LABOUR'S LOST ~C~T I yCEJVE I NAVARRE. A PARK, WITH A PALACE IN IT. jE~r ~m~ Biron, Z~ and Dumain. KING. LET famé, that all hunt after in their lives, Live register'd upon our brazen tombs, And then grace us in the disgrace of death When, spite of cormorant devouring time, The endeavour of this present breath may buy That honour, which shall bate his scythe's keen edge, And make us heirs of all eternity. Therefore, brave conquerors,@for so you are, That war against your own affections, And the huge army of the worid's desires,@ Our late edict shall strongly stand in force Navarre shall be th.e wonder of the world Our court shall be a little Academe, Still and contemplative in living art. You three, BIron, Dumain, and Longaville, Have sworn for three years' term to live with me, My fellow-scholars, and to keep those statutes, That are recorded in this schedule here Your oaths are pa@st, and now subscribe your names@ That his own hand may strike his honour down, That violates thé smallest branch herein If you are arm'd to do, as sworn to do, Subscribe to your deep oath@, and keep it too. Long. 1 am resolv'd 'tis but a threc years' fast The mind shall banquet, though the body pine Fat paunches have lean pates@ and dainty bits Make rich the ribs, but bankrupt quite thc wits. f~M. DMyyz. My loving lord, Dumain is mortified The grofser manner of these world's delights He throws upon the grofs world's baser slaves To love, to wealth, to pomp, 1 pine and die With all these living in philosophy. subscribes. Bir. 1 can but say their protestation over, So much, dear liege, 1 have already sworn, That is, To live and study hère three years. But there are other strict observances As, not to see a woman in that term@ Which, 1 hope well, is not enrolled there And, one day in a week to touch no food And but one meal on every day beside@ The which, 1 hope, is not enrolled there And then, to sleep but three hours in the night, And not be seen to wink of all the day@ When 1 was wont to think no harm all night, And make a dark night too of haïf the day@ Which, 1 hope well, is not enrolled there. 0, these are barren tasks, too hard to keep@ Not to see ladies, study, fast, not sleep. ~?zg. Your oath is pals'd to pafs away from these. Bir@. Let me say, no, my liege, an if you please 1 only swore, to study with your grace, And stay here in your court for three years' space. Long. You swore to that, Biron, and to the rest. Bir@. By yea and nay, sir, then 1 swore in jest. What is the end of study ? let me know. @@J~ Why, that to know, which else we should not know. Bir@. Things hid and barr'd, you mean, from common sensé @@@? Ay, that is study's god@like recompence. Bir@. Corne on@ then, 1 will swear to study so, To know the thing 1 am forbid to know As thus,-To study where 1 well may dine, When 1 to feast exprefsly am forbid Or, study where to meet some mistrefs fine, When mistrefses from common sense are hid Or, having sworn too hard-a-keeping oath, Study to break it, and not break my troth. If@study's gain be thus, and this be so, Study knows that, which yet it doth not know Swear me to this, and 1 will ne'er say, no. @@j~ These be the stops that hinder study quite, And train our intellects to vain delight. Bir@. Why, all delights are vain but that most vain, Which, with pain purchas'd, doth inherit pain As, painfully to pore upon a book, To seek the light of truth while truth the while Doth falsely blind the eyesight of his look Light, seeking light, doth light of light beguile So, ere you find where light in darknefs lies, Your light grows dark by losing of your eyes. Study me how to please the eye indeed, By fixing it upon a fairer eye@ Who dazzling so, that eye shall be his heed, And givc him light that was it blinded by. Study is like the heaven's glorious sun, That will not be deep search'd with saucy looks Small have continuai plodders ever won, Save base authority from others' books. These earthly godfathers of heaven's lights, That give a name to every fixed star, Have no more profit of their shining nights, Than those that walk and wot not what they are. Too much to know, is, to know nought but fame And every godfather can give a name. J~z?~. How well he's read, to reason against reading! Dum. Proceeded well, to stop all good proceeding! Long. He weeds the corn, and still lets grow the weeding. Bir@. The spring is near, when green geese are a breeding. Dum. How follows that? Bir@. Fit in his place and time. Dum. In reason nothing. Bir@. Something then in rhyme. j~m~. Biron is like an envious sneaping frost, That bites the first-born infants of the spring. Bir@. Well, say 1 am why should proud summer boast, Before thé birds have any cause to sing Why should 1 joy in an@ abortive birth ? At Christmas 1 no more desire a rose, Than wish a snow in May's new-fangled shows But like of each thing, that in season grows. So you, to study now it is too late, Climb o'er the house to unlock the little gate. ~m~. Well, sit you out go home, Biron adieu@ Bir@. No, my good lord 1 have sworn to stay with you And, though 1 have for barbarism spoke more, Than for that angel knowledge you can say, Yet confident l'Il keep what 1 have swore, And bide the penance of each three years' day. Give me thé paper, let me read the same And to the strict'st decrees @ril write my name. @@@@@How well this yielding rescues thee from shame@ Bir. ~ Item, 7~ no woman@ come ~z~m mile 0~7~ ccM~Hath this been proclaimed? Long. Four days ago. Bir@. Let's see thé penalty. mx~. -CM~M c~M?~ Who devised this penalty ? Long. Marry, that did I. Bir@. Sweet ,lord, and why ? Long. To fright them hence with that dread penalty. Bir@. A dangerous law against gentility@ @@@~1 Item, If any man be seen ~o talk w@@@~A woman within the term of @~f~~ years,@@@ shall endure such public shame as the rest of the court can devise. This article, my liege, yourself must break For, well you know, here comes in embafsy The French king's daughter, with yourself to speak, A maid of grace, and cômplete majesty,-About surrender-up of Aquitain@ To her decrepit, sick, and bed-rid father Therefore this article is made in vain, Or vainly comes the admired princels hither. j~mg. What say you, lords? why, this was quite forgot. Bir@. So study evemnore is overshot While it doth study to have what it would, It doth forget to do the thing it should@ And when it hath the thing it hunteth most, 'Tis won, as towns with fire@ so won, so lost. ~m~. We must, of force, dispense with this decree She must lie here on mere necefsity. Bir@. Necefsity will make us all fbrsworn Three thousand times within this three years' space For every man with his affects is born@ Not by might master'd, but by special grace If 1 break faith, this word shall speak Ibr me, 1 am forsworn on @mere necefsity.@-So to the laws at large 1 write my name ~M~cW~ And he, that breaks them in the least degree, Stands in attainder of eternal shame Suggestions are to others, as to me But, 1 believe, although 1 seem so loath, 1 am the last that will last keep his oath. But is there no quick recreation granted @@@? Ay, that there is@ our court, you know, is haunted With a refined traveller of Spain A man in all the world's new fashion planted, That hath a mint of phrases in his brain One, whom the music of his own vain tongue Doth ravish, like enchanting harmony A man of complements, whom right and wrong Have chose as umpire of their mutiny This child of fancy, that Armado hight, For interim to our studies, shall relate, In high-born words, the worth of many a knight From tawny Spain, lost in the worid's debate. How you delight, my lords, 1 jknow not, 1 But, 1 protest, 1 love to hear him lie, And 1 will use him for my minstrelsy. @@~y. Armado is a most illustrious wight, A man of fire-new words, fashion's own knight. Long. Costard the swain, and he, shall be our sport And, so to study, three years is but short. Enter D@@~ with a and Costard. Dull. Which is the duke's own person? Bir@. This, fellow What would'st? Dull. 1 myself reprehend his own person, for 1 am his grace's tharborough but 1 would see his own person in flesh and blood. Bir@. This is he. D@~. Signior@Arme-Arme-commends you. There's villainy abroad this letter will tell you more. Cost. Sir, the contempts thereof are as touching me. @@7~ A letter from the magnificent Armado. Bir@. How low soever the matter, 1 hope in Cod for high words. Long. A high hope for a low h@aving God grant us patience@ Bir@. To hear? or forbear @hearing? Long. To hear meekly, sir, and to laugh moderately or to forbear both. Bir@. Well, sir, be it as the style shall give us cause to climb in the merrinefs. Cost. The matter is to me, sir, as concerning Jaquenetta. The manner of it is, 1 was taken with the manner. Bir@. In what manner? Cost. In manner and form following, sir all those threc 1 was seen with her in thé manor house, sitting with her upon the form, and taken following her into the park which@ put together, is, in manner and form following. Now, sir, for the manner,-it is the manner of a man to speak to a woman for the fbrm -@in some form. Bir@. For the following, sir? Cost. As it shall follow in my correction And God defend the right@ @@j~ Will you hear this letter with attention ? Bir@. As we would hear an oracle. Cost. Such is the simplicity of man to hearken after the flesh. reads. Great ~~M~~ the welkin's ~~c~f~~ and sole dominator of JV X~~7~ my soul's earth's God, and body's ~~mg ~ycM~-Cost. Not a word of Costard yet. J~m~. So z~ Cost. It may be so but if he say it is so, he is, in telling true, but so, so. J~m~. Peace. Cost. -be to me, and every man that dares not fight@ ~m~. No words. Cc~. -of@other men's secrets, 1 beseech you. J~ besieged zvillt ~M~-cc~M~yi! 1 did commend tlee black O~y~~ humour to the most !P~C~6 pltysic of air and, as I ~y~ gentleman, ~~c~ walk. 3 ? time, ~M? About the ~ 7~CM~ X~ beasts most graze, birds best ~~C~ and men sit down to that M ?Mf~ wlticlt is called ~M~~r. So y~ to this? Cost. Sir, 1 confefs the wench. @@j~ Did you hear the proclamation? Cost. 1 do confefs much of the hearing it, but little of the maridng of it. @~mg. It was proclaimed a year's imprisonment@ to be taken with a wench. Cost. 1 was taken with none, sir 1 was taken with a damosel. j~m~. Wel , It was proclaimed @damosel.@ Cost. This was no damosel@@neither, sir she was a virgin. @@@@@It is so varied@ too for it was proclaimed, virgin.@ Cost. If it were, 1 deny her virginity 1 was taken with a maid. King. This maid will not serve your turn, sir. Cost. This maid will serve my turn, sir. @@@@@Sir, 1 will pronounce your sentence You shall fast a week with bran and water. Cost. 1 had rather pray a month with mutton and por-ridge. ~m~. And Don Armado shall be your keeper.-My lord Biron, see him deliver'd o'er.-And go we, lords, to put in practice that Which each to other hath so strongly sworn. Exeunt Longaville, and Dumain. Bir. 1~1 lay my head to any good man's hat, These oaths and laws will prove an idle scorn.-Sirrah, come on. Cc~. 1 suffer for the truth, sir for true it is, 1 was taken with@jaquenetta, and@jaquenetta is a true girl and there-fore, Welcome the sour cup of prosperity@ A@@miction may one day smile again, and till then, Sit thee down, sorrow jE'~MM~ ~~J?~E 77 ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. A ROOM IN ARMADO'S HOUSE. Enter Armado, and ~fo~. j4f~. Boy, what sign is it, when a man of great spirit grows melancholy ? ~fc~. A gréât sign, sir, that lie will look sad. @~M. Why, sadnefs is one and the self-same thing, dear Imp. Moth. No, no 0 lord, sir, no. ~f~. How canst thou part sadnels and melancholy, my tender@juvenal? Moth. By a lamiliar demonstration of the working, my tough senior. ~fw. Why tough senior? why tough senior? ~fc Why tender@juvenal? why tender@juvenal? A~. 1 spoke it, tender@juvenal, as a congruent epitheton, appertaining to thy young days, which we may nominate tender. Moth. And 1, tough senior, as an appertinent title to your old time, which we may name tough. ~f~. Pretty, and apt. ~f~A. How mean you, sir? 1 pretty, and my saying apt ? or 1 apt, and my saying pretty ? ~?M. Thou pretty@ because little. Motlt. Little pretty, because little@ wherefore apt ? ~f~x. And therefore apt, because quick. j~fc~. Speak you this in my praise, master? Arm. In thy condign praise. Mo~. 1 will praise an eel with the same praise. ~r~. What? that an eel is ingenious? ~fo A. That an eel is quick. ~y~. 1 do say, thou art quick in answers Thou heat'st my blood. Motlt. 1 am answered, sir. Arm. 1 love not to be crofsed. ~fc~A. He speaks the mere contrary, crofses love not him. Aside. Arm. 1 have promised to study three years with the duke. Moth. You may do it in an hour, sir. @@@@Impofsible. Moth. How many is one thrice told @@? 1 am ill at reckoning, it fitteth the spirit of a tapster. Moth. You are a gentleman and a gamester, sir.@@@@@ Arm. 1 confefs both they are both the varnish of a com-plete man. Moth. Then, 1 am sure, you know how much the grofs sum of deuce-ace amounts to. Arm. It doth amount to one more than two. .Mc~. Which the base vulgar do call, three. ~y~. True. Moth. Why, sir, is this such a piece of study ? Now here is three studied, ere you'11 thrice wink and how easy it is to put@ years@ to the word @three,@ and study three years in two words, the dancing horse will tell you. ~r~. A most fine figure@ Moth. To prove you a cipher. @L~ 1 will hereupon confefs, 1 am in love and, as it is base for a soldier to love, so am 1 in love with a base wench. If drawing my sword against the humour of affec-tion would deliver me from the reprobate thought of it, 1 would take desire prisoner@ and ransom him to any French courtier for a new devised courtesy. 1 think scorn to sigh methinks, I should out-swear Cupid. Comfort@ me, boy What great men have been in love ? j Mc A. Hercules, master. ~ryM. Most sweet Hercules@ More authority, dear boy, name more and, sweet my child, let them be men of good repute and carriage. Moth. Sampson, master he was a man of good carriage, great carriage@ for he carried the town gates on his back, like a porter and he was in love. ~~M. 0 well-knit Sampson! strong-jointed Sampson! 1 do excel thee in my rapier, as much as thou didst me in carrying gates. 1 am in love@ too.-Who was Sampson's love, my dear Moth ? Mo~. A woman, master. ~4 7~. Of what complexion ? ~fc~A. Of ail the four, or the three, or the two@ or one of the four. ~7~. Tell me precisely, of what complexion? Moth. Of the sea-water green, sir. ~7M. Is that one of the four complexions ? TMo~. As 1 have read, sir and the best of them too. Arm. Green, indeed, is the colour of lovers but to have a love of that colour, methinks, Sampson had small reason for it. He, surely, affected her for her wit. Moth. It was so, sir for she had a green wit. Arm. My love is most immaculate white and red. .Mc~. Most maculate thoughts, master, are masked under such colours. ~y~. Define, define, well-educated infant. Moth. My father's wit, and my mother's tongue@ afsist me@ ~y~. Sweet invocation of a child most pretty, and pa-thetical .Mc~. If she be made of white and red, Her faults will ne'er be known@ For blushing cheeks by faults are bred, And fears by pale-white shown Then, if she fear, or be to blame, By this you shall not know@ For still her cheeks pofsefs the same, Which native she doth owe. A@dangerous rhyme, master, against the reason of white and red. ~f~. Is there not a ballad, boy, of the King and the Beggar? .Mc~A. The world was very guilty of such a ballad some three ages since but, 1 think, now 'tis not to be found or, if it were, it would neither serve for the writing, nor the tune. . 4n~. 1 will have that subject newly writ o'er, that 1 may example my digression by some mighty precedent. Boy, 1 do love that country girl, that 1 took in the park with the rational hind Costard she deserves well. Moth. @@@@@To be whipped and yet a better love than my master. ~ ~y~ Sing, boy my spirit grows heavy in love. ~Mo~. And that's great marvel, loving a light wench. Arm. 1 say, sing. ~fo~. Forbear, till this company be past. Enter D~~ Costard, ~M~y~~M~ JDM~. Sir, the duke's pleasure is, that you keep Costard safe and you must @@@let him@@@ take no delight, nor no penance but a' must fast three days a-week@ For this damsel, 1 must keep her at the park she is allowed for the day-woman. Fare you well. Arm. 1 do betray myself with blushing.-Maid. y~y. Man. Arm. 1 will visit thee at the lodge. y~y. That 's hereby. ~r~. 1 know where it is situate. ~y. Lord, how wise you are@ ~TX. I will tell thee wonders. J~. With that face ? ~tn~. I love thee. @@y So I heard you say. Arm. And so@ farewell. y~. Fair weather after you@ Dull. Come, Jaquenetta, away. .E~M~ D~M XM~y~M~ ~f~. Villain, thou shalt fast for thy offences, ere thou be pardoned. Cost. Well, sir, 1 hope, when 1 do it, 1 shall do it on a full stomach. Arm. Thou shalt be heavily punished. Cost. 1 am more bound to you, than your fellows, for they are but lightly rewarded. Arm. Take away this villain shut him up. Motlt. Come, you transgrefsing slave away. Cost. Let me not be pent up, sir 1 will fast, being loose. @@@@@No, sir that were fast and loose thou shalt to prison. Cost. Well, if ever 1 do see the merry days of désolation that 1 have seen, some shall sec .M~A. What shall some see? Cost. Nay, nothing, master Moth, but what they look upon. It is not for prisoners to be too silent in their words and, therefore, 1 will say nothing 1 thank God, 1 have as little patience as another man and, thcrefbre 1 can be quiet. jE~M?~ and Costard. ~?~. 1 do affect thé very ground, which is base, where her shoe, which is baser, guided by her foot, which is basest, doth tread. 1 shall be forsworn, which is a great argument of@falsehood@ if 1 love@ And how can that be true love, which is falsely attempted ? Love is a familiar love is a devil there is no evil angel but love. Yet Sampson was so tempted@ and he had an excellent strength yet was Solomon so@seduced@ and he had a very good wit. Cupid's@bu@t-shaft is too hard for Hercules' club, and therefore too much odds for a Spaniard's rapier. The first and second cause will not serve my turn the pafsado he respects not, the duello hc regards not his disgrace is to be called boy but his glory is, to subduc mcn. Adieu, valour@ rust, rapier! be still@ drum@ for your manager is in love yea, he loveth. Afsist me@ some extemporal god of rhyme, for, 1 am sure, 1 shall turn sonneteer. Devise, wit write, pen for 1 am for whole volumes in folio. Exit. ~C~ Il ~CjE ~VE I ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. A PAVILION AND TENTS AT A DISTANCE. Enter the Princefs @c France, Rosaline, Maria, Boyet, Lords, and other Attendants. Boy@. Now, madam, summon up your dearest spir its Consider who the king your father sends@ To whom he sends@ and what's his embafsy Yourself, held precious in the worid's esteem@ To parley with the sole inheritor Of ail perfections that a man may owe, Matchlefs Navarre the plea of no lefs weight Than Aquitain@, a dowry for a queen. Be now as prodigal of ail dear grace, As nature was in making graces dear, When she did starve the general world beside, And prodigally gave them all to you. jPWTZ. Good lord Boyet, my beauty, though but mean, Needs not the painted flourish of your praise Beauty is bought by@judg@ment of@the eye, Not utter'd by base sale of chapmen's tongues 1 am lefs proud to hear you tell my worth, Than you much willing to be counted wise In spending your wit in the praise of@mine. But now to task thé tasker,-Good Boyet, You are not ignorant, a@H-teIling fame Doth noise abroad, Navarre hath made a vow, Till painful studies shall outwear three years, No woman may approach his silent court Therefore to us seemeth it a needful course, Before we enter his forbidden gates, To know his pleasure and in that behaïf, Bold of your worthinels, we single you As our best-moving fair solicitor@ Tell him, the daughter of the king of France, On serious businefs, craving quick despatch, Importunes personal conference with his grace. Haste, signify so much while we attend, Like humble-visag'd suitors, his high w@ll. Boy@. Proud of employment, willingly 1 go. ~ jPrm. Aiï pride is willing pride, and yours is so.-Who are the votaries, my loving lords, That are vow-fellows with this virtuous duke@? 1 Lord. Longaville is one. Prin. Know you the man? 7~ 1 know him, madam at a rnarriage ~east, Between Jord Perigort and the beauteous heir Of Jaques Faulconbridge@ solémnized, In Normandy@ saw 1 this Longaville A man of sovereign parts lie is esteem'd Well @ntted in thé arts, glorious in arms Nothing becomes him ill, tliat he would well. Thé only soil of his fair virtue's glofs, f If virtue's glofs will stain with any soil, Is a sharp wit match'd with too blunt a will Whose edge hath power to eut, whose will still wills It should non.e spare that come within his power. Prirt. Some merry mocking lord, belike is@'t so? Mar. They say so most, that most his humours know. P@~. Such short-liv' d wits do wither as they grow. Who are the rest @@@? The young Dumain, a well-accomplish'd youth, Of ail that virtue love for virtue lov'd Most power' to do most harm, least knowing ill For he hath wit to make an ill shape good, And shape to win grace though he had no wit. 1 saw him at the duke AIencon's once And much too little of that good 1 saw, Is my report, to his great worthinefs. ~?M. Another of these students at that time Was there with him, if 1 have heard a truth@ Biron they call him but a merrier man, Within the limit of becoming mirth, 1 never spent an hour's talk withal His eye begets occasion for his wit For every object that the one doth catch, The other turns to a mirth-moving jest@ Which his fair tongue ~conceit's expositor, Delivers in such apt and gracious words, That aged ears play truant at his tales, And younger hearings are quite ravished So sweet and voluble is his discourse. Prin. God biefs my ladies@ are they ail in love@ That every one her own hath garnished With such bedecking ornaments of@praise@@@? 1 Lord. Here comes Boyet. Re-enter Boyet. T~r~. Now, what admittance, lord ? Boy@. Navarre had notice of your fair approach And he and his competitors in oath Were ail addrefs'd to meet you, gentle lady, Before 1 came. Marry, thus much 1 have learnt, He rather means to lodge you in the field, Like one that comes here to besiege his court, Than seek a dispensation for his oath, To let you enter his unpeopled house. Here cornes Navarre. the ladies Enter Z. Dumain, Biron, and Attendants. @@T~ Fair princefs, welcome to the court of Navarre. Prin. Fair, 1 give you back again and, welcome@ 1 have not yet the roof of this court is too high to be yours and welcome to the wide fields too base to be mine. Ifing. You shall be welcome, madam, to my court. Prin. 1 will be welcome@ then conduct me thither. King. Hear me, dear lady 1 have sworn an oath. Prin. Our Lady help my lord! he'll be forsworn. King. Not for the world, fair madam, by my will. .Pn~. Why, will shall break it will, and nothing else. @@@@@Your ladyship is ignorant what it is. ~r~. Were my lord so, his ignorance were wise, Where now his knowledge must prove ignorance. 1 hear your grace hath sworn-out house@keeping 'Tis deadly sin to keep that oath, my lord, And sin to break it@ But pardon me, 1 am too sudden bold To teach a teacher ill beseemeth me. Vouchsafe to read the purpose of my coming, And suddenly resolve me in my suit. t~~y a King. Madam, 1 will, if suddenly 1 may. Prin. You will the sooner, that 1 were away For you'Il prove perjur'd, if@you make me stay. jB~r@. Did not 1 dance with you in Brabant once ? ~cj. Did not 1 dance with you in Brabant once ? J~r. 1 know, you did. ~M. How needlefs was it then To ask thé question@ Bir@. You must not be so quick. JRc~. 'Tis 'long of you that spur me with such questions. Bir@. Your wit's too hot, it speeds too fast, 'twill tire. ~M. Not till it leave the rider in the mire. Bir@. What time o' day ? ~o~. The hour that fools should ask. @~r@. Now fair befall your mask@ -~M. Fair fall the face it covers@ Bir@. And send you many lover s J?~. Amen, so you be none. @-6~. Nay, then will 1 be gone. Ifing, Madam, your father here doth intimate Thé payment of@a hundred thousand crowns Being but thé one half of an entire sum, Disbursed by my father in his wars. But say, that he, or we, as neither hâve, Receiv'd that sum@ yet there remains unpaid A hundred thousand more in surety of@@@@ which, One part of Aquitain@ is bound to us, Although not valued to the money's worth. If then the king your father will restore But that one half which is unsatisfied, We will give up our right in Aquitain@, And hold fair friendship with his majesty. But that, it seems, he little purposeth, For here he doth demand to have repaid An hundred thousand crowns and not demands, On payment of a hundred thousand crowns, To have his title live in Aquitain@ Which we much rather had depart withal, And have the money by our father lent, Than Aquitain@ so gelded as it is. Dear princefs, were not his requests so far From reason's yielding, your fair self should make A yielding, 'gainst some reason, in my breast, And go well satisfied to France again. Prin. You do the king my father too much wrong, And wrong the reputation of your name, In so unseeming to confefs receipt Of that which hath so faithfully been paid. King. 1 do protest, 1 never heard of@it 9 And, if you prove it, l'II repay it back, Or yield up Aquitain@. @@@@@We arrest your word@ Boyet, you can produce acquittances, For such a sum, from special officers Of Charles his father. ~m~. Satisfy me so. Boy@. So please your grace, the packet is not corne, Where that and other specialties are bound To-morrow you shall have a sight of them. @~~g. It shall suffice me at which interview, All liberal reason 1 will yield unto. Mean time, receive such welcome at my hand, As honour, without breach of honour, may Make tendcr of to thy true worthinefs You may not corne, fair princefs, in my gates But here without you shall be so receiv'd, As you shall deem yourself lodg'd in my heart, Though so denied fair harbour in my house. Your own good thoughts excuse me, and larewell To-morrow shall we visit you again. Prin. Sweet heaith and fair desires consort your grace! King. Thy own wish wish 1 thee in every place@ Exeunt j~m~ and his 7~ J3~. Lady, 1 will commend you to m@@y own heart. .K~. Pray you, do my commendations 1 would be glad to see it. Bir@. 1 would, you heard it groan. 7~. Is thé fool sick ? Bir@. Sick at the heart. ~?M. Alack, let it blood. Bir@. Would that do it good ? J?cj. My physic says@, I.@ Bir@. Will you prick't with your eye? jRo~. No, ~om~ with my knife. Bir@. Now, God save thy life jRo~. And yours from long living@ j6zr. 1 cannot stay thanksgiving. @@~~rmg'. Dum. Sir, 1 pray you, a word What lady is that same? Boy@. Thé heir of Alençon, @Rosaline her name. Dum. A gallant lady@ monsieur, fare you well. E~ Dumain. Long. 1 beseech you, a word What is she in the white ? Boy@. A woman sometimes, an you saw her in the light. Long. Perchance, light in the light@ 1 desire her name. Boy@. She hath but one for herself to desire that, were a shame. Long. Pray you, sir, whose@daughter? Boy@. Her mother's, 1 have heard. Long. God's blefsing on your beard! Boy@. Good sir, be not offended@ She is an heir of Faulconbridge. Long. Nay, my choler is ended. She is a most sweet lady. Boy@. Not unlike, sir@ that may be. E~t~ Long. Bir@. What's her name in the cap? Boy. Katharine, by good hap. Bir@. Is she wedded, or no? Boy@. To her will, sir, or so. @~z~. You are welcome, sir adieu@ Boy@. Farewell to me, sir, and welcome to you. @@~~ Biron. Ladies M~~M~. ~Xf. That last is Biron, the merry madcap lord Not a word with him but a jest. @~c~. And every@jest but a word. @@@@@It was well done of you, to take him at his word. Boy@. 1 was as willing to grapple, as he was to board. .f. Two hot sheeps, marry@ Boy@. And wherefore not ships? No sheep, sweet lamb, unlefs we feed on your lips. ~ïr. You sheep, and 1 pasture Shall that finish thejest? Boy@. So you grant pasture for me. to~'m~ ~o her. ~ïf. Not so~ gentle beast My lips are no common, though several they be. Boy@. Belonging to whom ? Mar. To my fortunes and me. T~m. Good wits will be jangling but, gentles, agrée Th@e civil war of wits were much better used On Navarre and his book@men for here 'tis abused. Boy@. If my observation, which@very@seldom@lies, By the heart's still rhetoric, disclosed with eyes, Deceive me not now, Navarre is infected. Prin. With@what? Boy@. With that which we lovers intitle, affected. Prin. Your reason ? Boy@. Why, ail his behaviours did make their retire To the court of his eye, peeping thorough desire His heart, like an agate, with your print imprefsed, Proud with his form, in his eye pride exprelsed His tongue, ail impatient to speak and not see, Did stumble with haste in his eyesight to be A@U senses to that sense did make their repair, To feel only looking on fairest of fair Methought, ail his senses were lock'd in his eye, As jewels in crystal for some prince to buy Who, tend'ring their own worth, from where they were glafs'd, Did point you to buy them, along as you pafs'd. His face's own margent did quote such amazes, That ail eyes saw his eyes enchantcd with gazes@ l'Il give you Aquitain, and ail that is his, An you give him for my sake but one loving kils. Prin. Corne, to our pavilion Boyet is dispos'd-~ But to speak that in words, which his eye hath disclos'd@ 1 only have made a mouth of his eye, By adding a tongue which 1 know will not lie. ~M. Thou art an old love-monger, and speak'st skilfully. @@@@He is Cupid's grandfather, and learns news of@him. ~o~. Then was Venus like her mother@ for her father is but grim. Boy@. Do you hear, my mad wenches@@@? No. Boy@. What then, do you see? ~M. Ay, our way to be gone. Boy@. You are too hard for me. .E~M?~. ~tC~T 7 7 ~CjE ~E 7 ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. Enter Armado and Mc~A. Awz. Warble, child make pafsionate my sense of hearing. lJIlotlz. C~co~TZ~ ~?zg'?' x~. ~f~. Sweet air!-Go@ tendernefs of years take this key, give enlargement to the swain, bring him festinately hither 1 must employ him in a letter to my love. ~fo~A. Master, will you win your love with a French brawl? ~tf~. How mean'st thou? brawling in French? .Mo~A. No, my complete master but to j.ig off a tune at the tongue's end, canary to it with your feet, humour it with turning up your eyelids@ sigh a note, and sing a note@ sometime through thé throat, as if you swallowed love with singing love@ sometime through thé nose, as if you snuffed up love by smelling love with your hat penthouse-like, over the shop of your eyes with your arms crofsed on your thin belly-doublet, like a rabbit on a spit or your hands in your pocket, like a man after the old painting and keep not too long in one tune, but a snip and away@ Thèse are compléments, these are humours these betray nice wenches@-that would be betrayed without thèse and make them men of note, do you note, men? that most are affected to these. @@@@How hast thou purchased this expérience ? J~c~A. By my penny of observation. ~r~. But 0,-but 0,--Mc~. -the hobby-horse is forgot.@ Arm. Call'st thou my love, hobby-horse? ~fc~. No, master, the hobby-horse is but a colt, and your love, perhaps, a hackney. But have you forgot your love? ~y~. Almost 1 had. ~f~. Negligent student! learn her by heart. Arrn. By heart, and in heart, boy. .Mc~. And out of heart, master ali those three 1 will prove. Arm. What wilt thou prove ? Mo A. A rnan, if 1 -live and this, by, in, and without, upon the instant By heart you love her, because your heart cannot corne by her in heart you love her, because your heart is in love with her and out of heart you love her, being out of heart that you cannot enjoy her. ~ywz. 1 am ail these three. @-A. And three times as much more, and yet nothing at ail. j4~ Fetch hither the swain lie must carry me a letter. JMû~. A mefsage well sympathised a horse to be em-bafsador for an afs@ Arm. Ha, ha~ what sayest thou? ~fc~. Marry, sir, you must send the afs upon the horse, for he is very slow-gaited@ But 1 go. ~?z. The way is but short away. ~fc~. As swift as lead, sir. ~r~. Thy meaning, pretty ingenious ? Is not lead a metal, heavy, dull, and slow ? ~fm~~ honest master, or rather, master, no. ~f~. 1 say, lead is slow. Motlt. You are too swift, sir, to say so Is that lead slow which is @Rr'd from a gun? ~r?M. Sweet smoke of rhetoric@ He r eputcs me a cannon and the bullet, that's he -1 shoot thec at the swain. Motlt. Thump then, and 1 flee. ~ ~r~. A most acute juvenal. voluble and free of grace@ By thy faveur, sweet welkin, 1 must sigh in thy face Most rude melancholy, valour gives thee place. My herald is return'd. Re-enter ~fo~ and Costard. ~o~A. A wonder, master@ here's a Costard broken in a shin. ~f~. Some enigma, some riddle come,-thy @begin. Co~. No egma, no riddle, no @@~ ~o~ no salve in thc mail, sir @0 sir, plantain, a plain plantain@ no l'envoy, no ~~c~ no @alve, sir, but a plantain! ~7~. By virtue, thou enforcest laughter thy silly thought, my spleen the heaving of my lungs provokes me to ridiculous smiling@ 0, pardon me, my stars@ Doth the inconsiderate take salve for l'envoy, and the word l'envoy, for a salve ? Math. Do the wise think them other? is not l'envoy a salve? ~7~. No, page it is an epilogue or discourse, to make plain Some obscure precedence that hath tofore been sain. 1 will cxample it The fox, the ape, and the humble bee, Were still at odds, being but three. There's tlie moral@ Now thé ~m~. ~fc A. 1 will add thé l'envoy@ Say the moral again. ~7~. The fox, thé ape, and thé humble bec, Wcre still at odds, being but three j~fo~A. Until thc goose came out of door, And stay'd thé odds, by adding four. Now will 1 begin your moral, and do. you follow with my l'envoy. The fox, the ape, and thé humble bee, Were still at odds, being but three@ Arm. Until thé goose came out of door, Staying thé odds by adding four. ~fo~. A good ~?K~, ending in the goose Would you desire more ? Cc~. The boy hath sold him a bargain, a goose, that's s fiât -Sir, your penny-worth is good, an your goose be fat.-To sell a bargain well, is as cunning as fast and loose Let me sec a fat l'envoy ay, that's a fat goose. ~n?x. Corne hither, come hither@ how did this argument begin? ~fc~. By saying, that a Costard was broken in a shin. Then call'd you for the l'envoy. Cost. True, and 1 for a plantain Thus came your argu-ment in Then tlie boy's fat l'envoy, thé goose that you bought And he ended the market. ~7~. But tell me how was there a Costard broken in a shin ? Motlt. 1 will tell you scnsibly. Cosl. Thou hast no feeling of it, Molli 1 will speak that @@@@~m~ I Costard, running out, that was safely within, Fell over the threshold, and broke my sl in. ~r~. We will talk no more of this rnatter. C'M~. Till tliere be more matter in the shin. Arnz. Sirrah Costard, 1 will enfranchise thee. C'M~. 0, marry me to one Frances -1 smell some @@@~o '~ some goose, in this. A@' By my swect soul, 1 mean, setting thee at liberty, enfreedoming thy person thou wert immured, restrained, captivated, bound. Cost. True, true and now you will be my purgation, and let me loose. ~r~. î give thee thy liberty, set thee Irom durance and, in lieu thereof, impose on thee nothing but tl is Bcar this significant to thé country maid@jaquenetta there is remune-ration giving him ~c~. for the best ward ofmine honour, is, rewarding my dépendants. Moth, follow. E@@~. ~fc~. Like the sequel, I.-Signior Costard, adieu. C@~. My sweet ounce of man's flesh! my@inconyjew'-~ J~ Now will 1 look to his remuneration. Rémunération! 0, that 's the Latin word for three farthings three larthings-remuneration.@@ What's the @~nc~ of this ZM~~ ? a ~6~7~ -JV~ jf7~ ~OM remuneration@@ why, it carries it.-Rémuné-ration!-why, it is a fairer name than French crown. 1 will never buy and sell out of this word. Enter Biron. j8~. 0, my good knave Costard! exceedingly well met. Co@~ Pray you, sir, how much carnation ribbon may a man buy for a rémunération ? Bir@. What is a remuneration Co~. Marry, sir, halfpenny iarthing. Bir. 0, why@ then, three-farthings-worth of silk. Cost. 1 thank your worship God be wi' you! Bir. 0, stay, slave 1 must employ thee As thou wilt win my favour, good my knave, Do one thing for me that I shall entreat. Cost. When would you have it done, sir ? Bir. 0, this afternoon. Cc~. Well, 1 will do it, sir Fare you well. Bir. 0, thou knowest not what it is. Cost. 1 shall know, sir, when 1 have done it. Bir@. Why, villain, thou must know @Ërst. Ccj~. 1 will corne to your worship to-morrow morning. @~r@. It must be done tins afternoon. Hark, slave, it is but this The princefs cornes to hunt here in the park, And in her train there is a gentle lady When tongues speak sweetly, then they name her name, And Rosaline they call her ask for her And to her white hand see thou do commend This seal'd-up counsel. There's thy guerdon go. gives money. Cost. Guerdon,-O sweet guerdon! better than rému-ner ation@ @@eleven-pence farthing better Most sweet guerdon -1 will do it, sir, in@print.-Guerdon@-rémunération. E~ Bir. O!-And I, forsooth, in love! I, that have been love's whip A very beadle to a humorous sigh A critic@ nay, a night-watch constable A domineering pedant o'er the boy Than whom no mortal so magnificent@ This wimpled, whining, purblind, wayward boy This senior-junior, giant-dwarf, Dan Cupid Regent of love-rhymes, lord of folded arms, Thé anointed sovereign of sighs and groans, Liège of all loiterers and malcontents, Dread prince of plackets, king of codpieces, Sole imperator, and great general Of trotting @paritors,-O my little heart!-@And 1 to be a corporal of his field, And wear his colours like a tumbler's hoop@ What ? 1 1 love@ 1 sue@ 1 seek a wife@ A woman@ that is like a German clock, Still a repairing@ ever out of frame@ And never going aright, being a watch, But being watch'd that it may still go right ? Nay, to be perjur'd@ which is worst of all And, among three, to love the worst of all A whitely wanton with a velvet brow, With two pitch balls stuck in her face for eyes Ay, and, by heaven, one that will do the deed, Though Argus were her eunuch and her guard And 1 to sigh for her@ to watch for her@ To pray for her@ Go to it is a plague That Cupid will impose for my neglect Of@his almighty dreadful little might. Well, 1 will love, write, sigh, pray, sue, and groan Some men must love my lady, and some@joan. ~ ~cy j~r ~CEJV~ I ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. Enter the 7~ Rosaline, Maria, j~~f~ Boyet, Lords, Attendants, and a .Fcr~ Prin. Was that the king, that spurr'd his horse so hard Against the steep uprising of the hill ? jSc~. 1 know not but, 1 think, it was not he. ~r~. Whoe'er he was, he show'd a mounting mind. Well, lords, to-day we shall have our despatch On Saturday we will return to France. Then, forester, my friend, where is the bush, That we must stand and play the murderer in? For. Here by, upon thé edge of yonder coppice A stand, where you may make the fairest shoot. jPrm. 1 thank my beauty, 1 am fair that shoot, And thereupon thou speak'st, thé fairest shoot. For. Pardon me, madam, for 1 meant not so. Prin. What, what ? first praise me, and again say, no? 0 short-liv'd pride@ Not fair ? alack for woe@ For. Yes, madam, fair. Prin. Nay, never paint me now Where fair is not, praise cannot mend the brow. Here, good my glafs, take this for telling true giving ~CM~. Fair payment for foui words is more than due. For. Nothing but fair is that which you inherit. ~r~. See, see, my beauty will be sav'd by merit. 0 heresy in fair, fit for these days@ A giving hand, though foui, sha@H have fair praise.-But corne, the bow -Now mercy goes to kill, And shooting well is then accounted ill. Thus will 1 save my credit in the shoot Not wounding, pity would not let me do't If@wounding, then it was to show my skill, That more for praise, than purpose, meant to kill. And, out of question, so it is sometimes@ GIory grows guilty of detested crimes@ When, for fame's sakc, for praise, an outward part, We bend to that the working of the heart As I, for praise alone, now seek to spill The poor deer's blood, that my heart means no ill. Boy@. Do not curst wives hold that self-sovereignty Only for praise' sake, when they strive to be Lords o'er their lords ? Prin. Only for praise and praise we may afford To any lady that subdues a lord. Enter Costard. Prin. Here cornes a member of the commonwealth.@' Cost. God dig-you-den all@ Pray you, which is the head lady? jPf~. Thou shalt know her, fellow, by the rest that have no heads. Cost. Which is the greatest lady, thé highest ? ~r~. The thickest, and the tallest. Cost. The thickest and the tallest! it is so truth is truth. An your waist, mistrefs, were as slender as my wit, One of these maids' girdles for your waist should be fit. Are not you the chief@woman? you are the thickest here. jPnM. What 's your will, sir? what's your will ? Co~. 1 have a letter from monsieur Biron, to one lady Rosaline. Prin. 0, thy letter, thy letter@ hc~s a good friend of mine Stand aside, good hearer.-Boyet, you can carve Break up this capon. @@@j6 1 am bound to serve. This letter is mistook, it importeth none here It is writ to Jaquenetta. Prin. We will read it, 1 swear@ Break the neck of the wax, and every one give ear. @@@2~. reads. By heaven, that tltou art fair, is most true, that thou art beauteous @@~M~ itself, that thou art .M~J~~r ~Z~ ~~M Z M~ tlcan beauteous, truer than @@@@@@itself, have cc~?m. heroical ~ ~ z~ 27~ magnanimous and most illustrate king C@@@@@c~ set eye upon the ~~y~ and indubitate beggar ~M~c~ and it ~ ~ miglit rightly say, veni, vidi, vici !MC~ ~z~-tomize in the vulgar, @0 base and obscure ~M~y videlicet, @@@C@@@~ saw, and O~TM~ ~6 came, one saw, two ~~f-came, tltree. Who came? the ~m~? w~' did he cc?~? to see P~ see 7 to overcome Te whom came @A ?? the beggar What saw A~? the beggar Who overcame @~? beggar@ The conclusion is viclory On whose ~~? king's.' the captive is ~ftcA~ On wAo~ ~~? beggar's Z ~ ~6~~ is a TM~M~ On ~~0~ ~? the ~7~.?-C on ~ A one, or one in ~A. 7 am Am~ for so stands the cc~~M~ tltou the beggar for so !~?z~~A tlzy ~o~ nefs. command thy ? I love? I could ~7~r~? ~AoM exchange for f~ ? robes jppr ~? tilles For ~7 me. ~M~ ~~C~TÏg' f~ 7~~C X?Z~ on ~~CC~ my eyes on thy ~M~ and my heart on every ~~r~. Z~ the dearest design c ~~M. DON ADRIANO DE ARMADO.@ Thus dost thou hear the Nemean lion roar 'Gainst thee, thou lamb, that standest as his prey@ Submifsive fall his princely fëet before, And he from forage will incline to play But if thou strive, poor soul, what art thou then Food for his rage, repasture for his den. Prin. What plume of feathers is he, that indited this letter? What vane ? what weather-cock? Did you ever@hear better ? Boy@. 1 am much deceived, but 1 remember the style. ~r~. EIse your memory is bad, going o'er it erewhile. Boy@. This Armado is a Spaniard, that keeps here in court A phantas@m@, a Monarcho@ and one that makes sport To the prince, and his book-mates. Prin. Thou, fellow, a word Who gave thee this letter? C ?~. 1 told y ou my lord. @@7~ To whorn shouldst thou give it ? Cost. From my lord to my lady. Prin. From which lord, to which lady ? Cc~. From my lord Biron, a good master of mine, To a lady of France, that he call'd Rosaline. ~W~. Thou hast mistaken his letter. Come, lords, away@@@@@@@@. Here, sweet, put up this 'twill be thine another day. r~~MTZ~ ~rmc~ and Zf~. Boy@. Who is the suitor? who is the suitor? jRo.y. Shall 1 teach you to know? Boy@. Ay, my continent of@beauty. J?o~. Why, she that bears the bow. Finely put off! Boy@. My lady goes to kill horns but, if thou marry, Hang me by the neck, if horns that year miscarry. Finely put on jRcj. Well@ then, 1 am the shooter. Boy@. And who is your deer? ~M. If@we choose by@the horns, yourself corne not near. Finely put on, indeed@ Mar. You still wrangle with her, Boyet, and shc strikes at the brow. Boy@. But she herself is hit lower Have 1 hit her now? .R~y. Shall 1 corne upon thee with an old saying, that was a man when king Pepin of France was a little boy, as touching the hit it ? Boy@. So 1 may answer thee with one as old, that was a woman when queen Guinever of@B@ntain was a little wench, as touching the hit it. @@@@Thou canst not @A~ it, hit it, hit it, Thou canst not hit @@@@@@@good man. Boy@. An 1 cannot, cannot, cannot, An 7c~M~ another can. fE~M~~ J~ and ICat. Cc~. By my troth, most pleasant! how both did fit it! @-r. A mark marvellous well shot@ for they both did hit it. Boy@. A mark! 0, mark but that mark@ A mark, says my lady! Let the mark have a prick in't, to mete at, if it may he. Mar. Wide o' the bow hand@ l'@faith, your hand is out. @7~. Indeed, a' must shoot nearer, or he'll ne'er hit the clout. Boy@. An if my hand he out, then, belike your hand is in. Cost. Then will she get the upsh@ot by cleaving the pin. ~xr. Corne, corne, you talk greasily, your lips grow foui. Cost. She's too hard for you at pricks, sir challenge her to bowl. Boy@. 1 fear too much rubbing@ Good night, my good owl. jE'~M7Z~ Boyet and Maria. Cost. By my soul, a swain@ a most simple clown@ Lord, lord@ how the ladies and t have put him down@ 0' m.y troth, most sweet jests@ most incony vulgar wit@ When it comes so smoothly off, so obscenely, as it were, so fit. Armatho o' the one side,-0, a most dainty man@ To see him walk before a lady, and to bear her fan@ To see him kifs his hand! and how most sweetly a' will swear@ And his page o' t' other side, that handful of wit@ Ah@ heavens, it is a most pathetical nit f~oM~g' within. Sola, sola E~~ Costard, running. yc~~j? zr THE SAME. Enter Holofernes, Sir JV x~ and D~ JV Very reverent sport, truly and done in the testi-mony of a good conscience. jHM. Thé deer was, as you know, in ~M~M~-blood ripe as @@a pomewater, who now hangeth like a jewel in the car of c@@~c,-thé sky, thé welkin, the heaven and anon falleth like a crab, on thé face of @@~r@~-thé soil, the land, thé earth. Nath. Truly, master Holofernes, tlie epithets are sweetly varied, like a scholar at the least But, sir, 1 afsurc ye, it was a buck of the first head. ~ ? . Sir Nathaniel, @~M~ credo. D~M. 'Twas not a A~M~ credo, 'twas a pricket. ~c~. Most barbarous intimation@ yet a kind of insinua-tion, as it were, in via, in way, of explication facere, as it were, replication@ or, rather, ostentare, to show, as it were, his inclination,-after his undrefsed, unpolished, unedu-cated, unpruned, untrained, or rather@ uniettered, or, ra-therest, uncon@nrmed fashion,-to insert again my A~M~ credo for a deer. D@~. 1 said, the deer was not a haud credo 'twas a pricket. @@@@Twice sod simplicity, bis @@c@@@~ 0 thou monster ignorance, how deformed dost thou look JV x~. Sir, he hath never fed of the dainties that are bred in a book he hath not eat paper, as it were he hath not drunk ink his intellect is not replenished he is only an animal, only sensible in the duller parts And such barren plants are set before us, that wc thankful should be@ Which we of taste and feeling arc, for those parts that do fructiiy in us more than he. For as it would ill become me to be vain, indiscreet, or a fool. So, were there a patch set on learning, to see him in a school But omne bene, say I being of an old ~ather's mind,@ can ~fcc~ the weather@@@@, love not ~m~. D~. You two are book-men Can you tell @@@by your wi t, What was a month old at Cain's birth, that's not five wceks old as yet? ~?~. Dictynna, good man Dull Dictynna, good man Dull. D~M. What is Dictynna @@@? A title to Phoebe, to Luna, to the moon. ~ ? . The moon was a month old, when Adam was no more@ And raught not to five weeks, wlien he came to five score. The allusion holds in the exchange. Dull. 'Tis true, indeed the collusion holds in the ex-change. ~Fc~. God comfort thy capacity@ 1 say, the allusion holds in the exchange. Dull. And 1 say, the pollusion holds in the exchange for the moon is never but a month old and 1 say beside, that@ 'twas a pricket that the princefs killed. N~. Sir Nathaniel, will you hear an extemporal epitaph on the death of the deer? and, to humour the ignorant, 1 have called the deer the princefs killed, a pricket. JV~ A. ~r~ guod master Holofernes,@@@@@@ so it shall please you to abrogate scurrility. ~o~. 1 will something affect the letter@ for it argues fa-cility. 7?~ ~r~M~M~ ~ymc~ ~~rc~ and ~~c~~ pretty ~m~ ~Wc~ Some say, a sore but not a sore, till ~c~ made sore @@z~ sliooling. 7~ ? dogs did yell @~M~ sore, ~C~~ ~'M~C~ ~C~ Or ~nc~~ sore, or else sorel the ~~o~ ~m~. ~f~c~ sore, then L sore TM~~j~~ sores 0 sore -L Of one sore I an tundred make, by adding but one more L. ~x~. A rare talent@ DM~. If a talent be a claw, look how he claws him with a talent. @.H This is a gift that 1 have, simple, simple a fbolish extravagant spirit, full of forms, figures, shapes, objects, ideas, appréhensions, motions, revolutions these are begot in the ventricle of memory, nourished in thé womb of j~~ 7~ ?y, and delivered upon thé mellowing of occasion@ but thé gift is good in those in whom it is acute, and 1 am thank-fui for it. JV~A. Sir, 1 praise the Lord for you and so may my parishioners for their sons are well tutor'd by you, and their daughters profit very greatly under you you are a good member of the commonwealth. ~c~. J~~fc~, if their sons be ingenious, they shall want no instruction if their daughters be capable, 1 will put it to them But, J~~ qui ~M~ loquitur a soul feminine saluteth us. .Ey~ and Costard. y~. God give you good morrow, master person. @@@@Master person,-quasi pers-on. And if one should be pierced, which is the one ? Cost. Marry, master schoolmaster, he that is likest to a hogshead. 7 Of piercing a hogshead@ a good lustre of conceit in a turf of earth iire enough for a flint, pearl enough for a swine 'tis pretty it is well. Jaq. Good master parson, be so good as read me this letter it was given me by Costard, and sent me from Don Armatho 1 beseech you, read it. ~ 3~m~ precor quando pecus omne sub umbrâ J?M~and so forth. Ah, good old Mantuan! 1 may speak of thee as the traveller doth of@Venice -FzM ?~~ Vinegia, C~ ?z~ vede, ei non te pregia. Old Mantuan@ old Mantuan@ Who understandeth thee not, loves thee not.-6~ ~Under pardon, sir, what are the contents ? or, rather, as Horace says in his-What, my soul, verses ? JV ~A. Ay, sir, and very learned. ~o~. Let me hear a staff, a stanza, a verse @@-L~ domine. JV x~. If love make me forsworn, how shall 1 swear to love? Ah, never faith could hold, if not to beauty vowed! Though to myself forsworn, to thee l'Il faithful prove Those thoughts to mewere oaks, to thee like osiers bowed. Study his bias leaves, and makes his book thine eyes@ Where ail those pleasures live, that art would comprehend If knowledge be the mark, to know thee shall suffice Well learned is that tongue, that well can thee commend@ Ail ignorant that soul, tliat sees thee without wonder Which is to me some praise, that 1 thy parts admire Thy eye Jove's lightning bears, thy voice his dreadful thunder, Which, not to anger bent, is music, and sweet fire. Celestial as thou art, oh pardon, love, this wrong, That sings heaven's praise with such an earthly tongue! .HM. You find not the apostrophes, and so mifs the ac-cent let me supervise the canzonet. Here are only numbers ratified but, for the elegancy, facility, and golden cadence of poesy, caret. Ovidius Naso was the man and why, in-deed, Naso@ but for smelling out the odoriferous flowers of fancy, the@jerks of invention? Imitari, is nothing so doth the hound his master, the ape his keeper, the tired horse his rider. But, damosella virgin, was this directed to you ? ~y. Ay, sir, from one monsieur Biron, one of the strange queen's lords. .HM. Iwlll overglance the superscrip@@t. Te ~~zû~x'~ hand of the most beauteous lady Rosaline.@ 1 will look again on the intellect of the letter, for the nomination of thé party writing to the person written unto @@~Mr ladyship's in @X~ desired ~?M~~ BiRON. Sir@NathanIeI, this Biron is one of the votaries with the king and here he hath framed a letter to a sequent of the stranger queen's, which, accidentally, or by the way of@progrefslon, hath miscarried.-Trip and go, my sweet deliver this paper into the royal hand@of@the@king it may concern much@ Stay not thy compliment 1 forgive thy duty adieu. 7~. Good Costard, go with me.-Sir, God save your life@ Cost. Hâve with thee, my girl. ~C~. ~y. ~x~. Sir, you have donc this in the fear of God, very rellglousiy and, as a certain father saith@-@.H@@ Sir, tell not me of the father, 1 do fear colourable colours. But, to return to the verses Did they please you, Sir Nathaniel ? JV x~. Marvellous well for the pen. @@@@1 do dine to-day at the father's of a certain pupil of mine where@ if, before repast, it shall. please you to gratify the table with a grace, 1 will, on my privilege 1 have with the parents of the foresaid child or pupil, undertake your ben @~yM~c where 1 will prove those verses to be very un-learned, neither savouring of poetry, wit, nor invention 1 beseech your society. J M. And thank you too for society ~saith the text@ is the happinefs of life. jH~. And, certes, thé text most infallibly concludes it. -Sir, ~OjDM~. 1 do invite you too you shall not say me, nay pauca verba. Away@ the gentles are at their game, and we will to our récréation. fE~M~ ~EJV.E Z77 ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. Enter ~~CM~ with a ~y. .8~. The king he is hunting thé deer 1 am coursing myself they have pitch'd a toil 1 am toiling in a pitch@ pitch, that déni@es defile@ a foui word. Well, Set thee down, sorrow@ for so, they say, the fool said, and so say I, and 1 the fool. Well proved, wit! By the lord, this love is as mad as Ajax it kills sheep it kills me, 1 a sheep Well proved again on my side@ 1 will not love if 1 do, hang me i'@fa.ith, 1 will not. 0, but her eye,-by this light, but for her eye, 1 would not love her yes, for her two eyes. Well, 1 do nothing in the world but lie, and lie in my throat. By heaven, 1 do love and it hath taught me to rhyme, and to be melancholy and hère is part of my rhyme, and hère my melancholy. Well, she hath one o' my sonnets already the clown bore it, the fool sent it, and the lady hath it sweet clown, sweeter fool, sweetest lady! By the world, I would not care a pin, if the other three were In@ Here cornes one with a paper God give him grace to groan g-~ ~7' Enter the King, !A ~~r. King. Ah me! ~y. ~ Shot, by heaven !-Proceed, sweet Cupid thou hast thump'd him with thy bird-bolt under the left pap@ @-Ffaith@ secrets.-King. reads@. sweet a kifs the golden sun gives not ~c those@fresh morning @@~f~ upon the rose, As thy eye-beams, zvhen ~A ~'j have smote The ?M~ of that on my cheeks ~p~~j~c~ Nor shines the silver moon one @@@@~y~ bright y~~c~~ the transparent bosom of th@@e As doth ~~X~ ~CM~A tears C~ light T~CM ~m~~ in every tear that 7 do z~~ JVc drop but as a cc~cA dotlc carry thee, t 0 ridest thou ~~M~~m~ my ~C~ Do but ~~cM tears swell@@@@ And they thy glory ~f~A show But do not love ~y~ there thou wilt keep ~ ' tears for glafses, and still y ~ ? me C queen of queens, ~C! dost thou ~C~ JV 9 thought think, nor @@~g'~ of mortal tell. How shall she know my griefs? rJI drop the paper Sweet leaves, shade folly. Who is he comes hère ? ~~ aside. Enter Longaville, What, Longaville@ and reading! listen, ear. @@@@N@@ow, in thy likenefs, one more fool, appear! ~ Long. Ah me 1 am forsworn. Why, lie cornes in like a perjure, wearing papers. J~M~. J~m~. In love, 1 hope sweet fellowship in shame! ~ Bir@. One@drunkard loves another of the name. ~ Long. Am 1 the first that have been peijur'd so? ~ j6~. 1 could put thee in comfort@ not by two, that 1 know ~M~. Thou mak'st the triumviry, thé corner-cap of society, The shape of' love's Tyburn that hangs up simplicity. Zc?z~. 1 fear, these stubborn lines lack power to move@ 0 sweet Maria, emprefs of my love@ These numbers will 1 tear, and write in prose. Bir@. 0, rhymes are guards on wanton Cupid's hose Disfigure not his slop. Long. This same shall go@@. Did the lzeavenly y c c~ thine eye reads. 'G ï~ Z ~C7?Z the world cannot hold argument, jP~M~ f~ ~M~nMr '? Fo~~o~ thee broke, deserve ?zc~ ~ym7~ A ~o~ 7~n'~c~ but, 7 will ~rc!7~ y~OM being a goddefs, 7yc~z or~ not ~ ?c.' ~f ' ~0~ Z~~ earthly, thou a heavenly love y~ grace being ~mW~ cures 7~ F PW~ are but breatlt, and vapour is 7~~ ~cM~~m' wlticlt on ~~A dost sltine, Exhal'st this ~c~r ~cz~ in is .y~'ûain transform'd@ four woodcocks in a dish! .Dz~M. 0 most divine Kate! Bir@. 0 most profane coxcomb! ~ Dum. By heaven, the wonder of a mortal eye@ @j8~. By earth@ she is but@ corporal@ there you lie. ~ Dum. Her amber hairs for foui have amber quoted. Bir@. An amber-colour'd raven was well noted. ~y~. Dum. As upright as the cedar. @.6~. Stoop, 1 say Her shoulder is with child. ~ Dum. As fair as day. Bir@. Ay, as some days but then no sun must shine. f~ Dum. 0 that 1 had my wish@ Long. And 1 had mine Aside. King. And 1 mine too, good Lord f~ Bir@. Amen, so 1 had mine is not that a good word? J~ Dum. 1 would forget her but a fever she Reigns in my blood, and will remember'd be. Bir@. A fever in your blood@ why, then incision Would let her out in sawcers Sweet misprision ~ DM?M. Once more l'Il read the ode that 1 have writ. Once more l'Il mark how love can vary wit. ~M~. Dum. On a day, x~~ the day Love, T~A~~ month is ever ~ ~? S~ blofsom, ~~m~~z~ the ~M~ air Z~roM~A the velvet leaves the zvind, ~M M~ ~?t ~J~M~ That ~~r~ ~~c~ ~~A, P~ the heaven's breatlt. Air, quoth he, thy cheeks may Mcï~ Air, would 7?m~ ~M~A But alack, my hand is sworn, JV~~r ~~Mc~ ~c~ thorn FOW? ~C~jfo~OM~ M~TM~~ ~CM~ so apt C ~~MC~ sweet. Do not ~M sin in me, 7?~~ 7~c~wor?z~cr thee Thou for z~~ ~~y~~ swear, y~~c but an jE' were And ~ ?r y~~ y~~m~ Tyzcr~~or This will 1 send, and something else more plain, That shall exprefs my true love's fasting pain. 0, would the king, Biron, and Longaville, Were lovers too@ Ill, to example ill, 0 Would from my forehead wipe a perjur'd note For none offend, where ail alike do dote. Long. Dumain, ~cm~. thy love is far from charity, That in love's grief desir'st society You may look pale, but 1 should blush, 1 know, To be o'er-heard, and taken napping so. King. Come, sir, cmg. you blush as his, your case is such You chide at him, offending twice as much You do not love Maria Longaville Did never sonnet for her sake compile@ Nor never lay his wreathed arms athwart His loving bosom, to keep down his heart. 1 have been closely shrowded in this bush, And mark'd you both, and for you both did blush. 1 heard your guilty rhymes, observ'd your fashion@ Saw sighs reek from you, noted well your pafsion Ah me@ says one 0 Jove@ the other cries One, her hairs were gold, crystal the other's eyes You would for paradise break faith and troth ~ Long. And Jove, for your love, would infringe an oath. ~ Dumain. What will Biron say,'when that he shall hear A faith@@@ infring'd, which such a zeal did swear? How will he scorn? how will he spend his wit? How will he triumph, leap, and laugh at it ? For ail the wealth that ever 1 did see,@@ would not have him know so much by me. Bir@. Now step 1 forth to whip hypocrisy.- d@escends. Ah, good my liege, 1 pray thee, pardon me@ Good heart, what grace hast thou, thus to reprove These worms for loving, that art most in love ? Your eyes do make no coaches in your tears There is no certain princefs that appears You'Il not be perjur'd, 'tis a hateful thing Tush, none but minstrels like of sonneting. But are you not asham~d? nay, are you not, Ail three of you, to be thus much o'er-shot? You found his mote the king your mote did see But 1 a beam do find in each of three. 0, what a scene of foolery have 1 seen, Of sighs, of groans, of sorrow, and of teen@ 0 me, with what strict patience have 1 sat, To see a king transformed to a gnat@ To see great Hercules whipping a gig, And profound Solomon to tune a jig, And Nestor play at push-pin with the boys, And critic Timon laugh at idle toys@ Where lies thy grief, @0 tell me, good Dumain ? And, gentle Longaville, where lies thy pain? And where my liege's? ail about the breast -A caudle, ho@ T~g'. Too bitter is thy jest. Are we betray'd thus to thy over-view? Bir@. Not you by me, but 1 betray'd to you @1 that am honest I, that hold it sin To break thé vow 1 am engaged in 1 am betray'd, by keeping company With moon-like men, of strange inconstancy. When shall you see me write a thing in rhyme ? Or groan for Jean? or spend a minute's time In pruning me ? When shall you hear that 1 Will praise a hand, a foot, a face, an eye, A gait, a state, a brow, a breast, a waist, A leg, a limb@?-7~ Soft@ Whither away so fast? A true man, or a thief, that gallops so? J~r@. 1 post from love good lover, let me go. Enter ~~M~M~ and Costard. ~ y. God biefs the king@ @@j~ What present hast thou there? Cost. Some certain treason. King. What makes treason here? Cost. Nay, it makes nothing, sir. ~M~. If it mar nothing neither, The treason, and you, go in peace away together. 7~. 1 beseech your grace, let this letter be read Our parson misdoubts it 'twas treason@ he said. King. Biron, read it over. giving him the letter. Where hadst thou it? 7~. Of@Costard. @@J~ Where hadst thou it ? C~. Of Dun Adramadio, Dun Adramadio. King. How now@ what is in you ? why dost thou tear it ? Bir@. A toy, my liege, a toy your grace needs not fear it. Long. It did move him to pafsion, and therefore let's hear it. ~M~. It is Biron's writing, and here is his name, ~c~y Pieces. Bir. Ah, you whoreson loggerhead, ~ Cc~. you were born to do me shame. Guilty, my lord, guilty@ 1 confefs, 1 confefs. King. What? Bir@. That you three fools lack'd me fool to make up the mefs He, he, and you, and you, my liege, and I, Are pick@purses in love, and we deserve to die. 0, dismils this audience, and 1 shall tell you more. DM?~. Now the number is even. @.S~. True, true we are four -Will these turtles be gone @@@? Hence, sirs away. Cost. Walk aside the true folk, and let the traitors stay. J~m~ Costard ~?ï~~yM~ ~r. Sweet lords, sweet lovers, @0 let us embrace! As true we are, as flesh and blood can be The sea will ebb and flow, heaven show his face Young blood doth not obey an old decree We cannot crofs the cause why we were born Therefore, of ail hands must we be forsworn. King. What, did these rent lines show some love of thine? .6~. Did they,@quoth you? Who sees thé heavenly@Rosaline~ That, like a rude and savage man of Inde, At the first opening of the gorgeous east, Bows not his vafsal head and, strucken blind, Kilses the base ground with obedient breast? What peremptory eagle-sighted eye Dares look upon the heaven of@her@brow, That is not blinded by her majesty ? Ifing. What zeal, what fury hath inspir'd thee now? My love, her mistrefs, is a gracious moon She, an attending star, scarce seen a light. @j8~. My eyes are then no eyes, nor I Biron 0, but for my love, day would turn to night@ Of ail complexions the cull'd sovereignty Do meet, as at a fair, in her fair cheek@ Where several worthies make one dignity@ Where nothing wants, that want itself@doth seek. Lend me thé flourish of all gentle tongues,-@Fye, painted rhetoric@ 0, she needs it not To things of sale a seller's praise belongs@ She passes praise then praise too short doth bJot. A wither'd hermit, @nve-score winters worn, MIght shake off @nfty, looking in her eye Beauty doth varnish age, as if@ncw born, And gives the crutch thé cradie's infancy. 0 'tis the sun that maketh ail things shine! @@@@@By heaven@ thy love is black as ebony. @@2~. Is ebony like her ? 0 wood divine@ A wife of such wood were felicity@ 0, who can give an oath ? where is a book ? That 1 may swear, bcauty doth beauty lack, If that she learn not of her eye to look No face is fair, that is not full so black. J~m~. 0 paradox@@ Black is thé badge of hell, The hue of dungeons, and the scowl of night And beauty's crest becomes the heavens well. Bir@. Devils soonest tempt, resembling spirits of light. 0, if in black my lady's brows be deck@t, It mourns, that painting, and usurping hair, Should ravish doters with a false aspect And therefore is she born to make black fair. Her favour turns the fashion of thé days@ For native blood is counted painting now And therefore red@ that would avoid dispraise, Paints itself black, to imitate her brow. Dum. To look like her, are chimney-sweepers black. Long. And, since her time, are colliers counted bright. ~~ïg'. And Ethiop@s of their sweet complexion crack. Dum. Dark needs no candles now, for dark is light. Bir@. Your mistrefses dare never come in rain, For fear their colours should be wash'd away. J~z~. 'Twere good, yours did for, sir, to tell you plain, @@ni find a fairer face not wash'd to-day. Bir@. 1~11 prove her fair, or talk till doomsday here. @@j~ No devil will fright thee then so much as she. Dum. 1 never knew man hold vile stuif so dear. Long. Look, here's thy love my foot and her face see. r~o~~ ~p~. J5~. 0, if the streets were paved with thine eyes, Her feet were much too dainty for sucli tread@ Dum. 0 vile@ then@ as she goes, what upward lies The street should see as she walk'd over head. King. But what of this ? Are we not ail in love ? Bir. 0 nothing so sure and thereby ail forsworn. ~mg'. Then leave this chat and, good Biron, now prove Our loving lawful, and our faith not torn. jD~ Ay, marry, there some flattery for this evil. Long. 0 some authority how to proceed Some tricks, some quillets, how to cheat the devil. Dum. Some salve for perjury. ~r. 0, 'tis more than need!-Have at you@ then, affection's men at arms@ Consider, what you first did swear unto@ To fast,-to study,-and to see no woman Flat treason 'gainst the kingly state of youth. Say, can you fast ? your stomachs are too young And abstinence engenders maladies. And where that you have vow'd to study, lords, In that each of you hath forsworn his book@ Can you still dream, and pore, and thereon look ? For when would you, my lord, or you, or you, Have found the ground of study's excellence, Without the beauty of a woman's face? From women's eyes this doctrine 1 dérive They are the ground, the books, the academes, From whence doth spring the true Promethean fire. Why, universal plodding prisons up The nimble spirits in the arteries@ As motion, and long-during action, tires The sinewy vigour of the traveller. Now, for not looking on a woman's face, You have in that forsworn the use of eyes And study too@ thé causer of your vow For where is any author in the world, Teaches such beauty as a woman's eye ? Learning is but an adjunct to ourself, And where we are, our learning likewise is. Then, when ourselves we see in ladies' eyes, Do we not likewise see our learning there ? 0, we have made a vow to study, lords@ And in that vow we have forsworn our books@ For when would you, my liege, or you, or you, In leaden contemplation, have fbund out Such fiery numbers, as tlie prompting eyes Of@beauteous tutors have enrich.' d you with? Other slow arts entirely keep the brain And therefore@ finding barren practisers, Scarce show a harvest of their heavy toil But love, first learned in a lady's eyes, Lives not alone immured in the brain But@ witli thé motion of all elements, Courses as swift as thought in every power@ And gives to every power a double power, Above their functions and their o@nices@ It adds a precious seeing to the eye A lover's eyes will gaze an eagle blind A lover's ear will hear the lowest sound, When the suspicious head of theft is stopp'd Love's feeling is more soft, and sensible, Than are the tender horns of cockled snails Love's tongue proves dainty Bacchus grols in taste For valour, is not love a Hercules, Still climbing trees in the Hesperides ? Subtle as sphinx as sweet, and musical, As bright Apollo's lute, strung with his hair And, when love speaks, the voice of all the gods Makes heaven drowsy with the harmony. Never durst poet touch a pen to write, Until his ink were temper'd with love's sighs @0 then his lines would ravish savage ears, And plant in tyrants mild humility. From women's eyes this doctrine 1 dérive They sparkie still the right Promethean fire They are the books, the arts, the academes, That show, contain, and nourisli ail thé world EIse, none at ail in aught proves excellent@ Then fools you were, thcse women to forswear@ Or, keeping what is sworn, you will prove fools. For wisdom's sake, a word that ail men love@ Or for love's saké, a word that loves ail men@ Or for men's sake, the authors of these women@ Or women's sake, by whom we men are men@ Let us once lose our oaths, to find ourselves, Or else we lose ourselves to keep our oaths@ It is religion, to be thus forsworn@ For charity itself fulfils the law@ And who can sever love from charity? ICing. Saint Cupid, then@ and, soldiers, to the field @@Bir@. Advance your standards, and upon them, lords Pell-mell, down with them! but be first advis'd, In conflict that you get the sun of them. Long. Now to plain-dealing lay these glozes by Shall we résolve to woo these girls of France ? J~ And win them too therefore let us devise Some entertainment for them in their tents. @@2~. First, from the park let us conduct them thither Then, homeward, every man attach the hand Of his fair mistrefs in the afternoon We will with some strange pastime solace them, Such as the shortnefs of the time can shape For revels, dances, masks, and merry hours, Fore-run fair Love, strewing her way with flowers. King. Away, away@ no time shall be omitted, That will be time, and may by us be fitted. ~r. ~c?z~ ~Sow'd cockle reap' d no corn And justice always whiris in equal measure Light wenches may prove plagues to men forsworn If so, our copper buys no better treasure. ~M~ ~cy F ~c~F I ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. Enter .Z~c ~7~ Sir ~~ 2?z~~ and DM~. ~M. Satis quod ~M~C~. JV~ 1 praise God for you, sir your reasons at dinner have been sharp and sententious pleasant without scurri-lity, witty@ with@out affection, audacious without impuden-cy, learned without opinion, and strange without heresy. 1 did converse this quondam day with a companion of the Idng~s, who is intituled, nominated, or called, Don Adriano de Armado. ~FcL ~Vc~ ~OTM~ ~Myz~~ His humour is lofty, his discourse peremptory, his tongue filed, his eye ambitious, his gait majestical, and his general behaviour vain, ridi-culous, and thrasonical. He is too picked, too spruce, too affected, too odd, as it were, too peregrinate, as 1 may call it. JV x~. A most singular and choice epithet. @@@~~ out Ais ~M~-~c~. He draweth out thé thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument. 1 abhor such fanatical phantas@m@s, such insociable and point-devise companions such rackers of orthography, as to speak, dout, fine, when he should say, doubt det, when he should pronounce, debt@ d, e, b, t@ not @, d,e,t he clepeth a calf, cauf half, hauf neighbour, ~c@@c~ nebour neigh, abbreviated, ne@ This is abhominable, fwhich he would call a@bominable, it insi-nuateth me of insani@@e Ne ~o~~? to make @Nantie, lunatic. J~A. Z~~ ~c~ ~~M~o. ~M. ~?- for jPn~~ a lltde scratch'd 'twill serve. Enter Armado, Moth, and Costard. .L Videsne quis ~~m ? Fx'~ et gaudeo. Arm. Chirra! ~~o~. ~o~. ~M~~ Chirra, not sirrah ? Arm. Men of peace, well encounter' d. ~o~. Most military sir, salutation. Moth. They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps. to Costard aside. Cost. 0, they have lived long on the alms-basket of words@ 1 marvel, thy master hath not eaten thee for a word for thou art not so long by the head as ~cn M~?M~M~ thou art easier swallow'd than a flap-dragoii. ~fc~. Peace@ the peal begins. Arm.@@ Monsieur, ~oj~ are you not letter'd? ~fc~. Yes, yes he teaches boys the horn-book -What is a, b, spelt backward@ with @@a horn on his head ? .HM. Ba, ~x~W~~ with a horn added. ~o~A. Ba, most silly sheep, with a horn -You hear his learning. jHc~.@@ P~ quis, thou consonant ? .A. The third of the five vowels, if you repeat them or@the@nfth.ifl. jHc . 1 will repeat them@ a@ e, i,-TMc~A. The sheep the other two concludes it@ o, u. ~f~. Now, by the salt wave of the Mediterraneum, a sweet touch, a quick venew of wit@ snip, snap, quick and home@ it rejoiceth my intellect true wit. Moth. Offer'd by a child to an old man which is wit-old. Hol. What is the figure? what is the figure? Moth. Horns. Hol. Thou disputest like an infant go, whip thy gig. Moth. Lend me your horn to make one, and 1 will whip about your infamy ~CM~ A gig of a cuckold's liorn@ Cost. An 1 had but one penny in the world, thou should'st have it to buy ginger-bread hold, there is the very remu-neration 1 had of thy master, thou halfpenny purse of wit, thou pigeon-egg of discretion. 0, an the heavens were so pleased, that thou wert but my bastard@ what a joyfui father would'st thou make me! Go to thou hast it ad dunghill, at the fingers' ends, as they say. .?? . 0, 1 smell false Latin dunghill for unguem. ~r~. Arts-man, ~r~~M~ we will be sing@led from thé barbarous. Do you not educate youth at the charge-house on the top of the mountain ? ~c~. Or, mons, the hill. Arm. At your sweet pleasure, for the mountain. @.H 1 do, sans question. ~wx. Sir, it is thé king's most sweet pleasure and affec-tion, to congratulate the princefs at her pavilion, in the posteriors of this day@ which the rude multitude call, the afternoon. ~c~. The posterior of the day, most generous sir, is liable, congruent, and measurable for thé afternoon the word is well cull'd, chose@ sweet and apt, 1 do assure you, sir, 1 do aisure. Arm. Sir, the king is a noble gentleman@ and my fami-liar, 1 do afsure you, very good @@Mend -For what is in-ward between us, let it pals -1 do beseech tlice, remember thy courtesy -1 beseech thce, apparel thy head -and among other importunate and most serious designs,-and of great import indeed, too -but let that pa~s for 1 must tell thee, it will please his grace@ by thé world@ somctime to lean upon my poor shoulder@ and with his royal finger, thus, dally with my excrement, with my mustachio but@ sweet heart, let tliat pafs. By the world, 1 recount no fable some certain special honours it pleaseth his greatnefs to im-part to Armado, a soldier, a man of travel, that hath seen the world but let that pafs.-The very all of all is,-but, sweet heart, 1 do implore secrecy,-that thé king would have me present the princefs, sweet chuck, with somc de-lightful ostentation, or show, or pageant, or anti@@c, or @nre-work. Now, understanding that the curate, and your sweet self, are good at such eruptions, and sudden breaking out of mirth, as it were, 1 have acquainted you withal, to thé end to crave your assistance. J7~. Sir, you shall present before her thé nine worthies. -Sir Nathaniel, as concerning some entertainment of time, some show in the posterior of this day, to be rendered by our alsistance,@@@-thé king's command, and this most gallant, illustrate, and learned gentleman, -before the princefs 1 say, none so fit as to present the ninc worthies. @JV~ Where will you find men worthy enough to pré-sent them@@@? Joshua, yourself myself, or this gallant gentleman, Judas Maccabaeus this swain, because of his gréât limb or joint, shall pafs Pompey the great the page, Hercules. ~@wx. Pardon, sir, error he is not quantity enough for that worthy's thumb he is not so big as the end of@his club. Hol. Shall 1 have audience ? he shall present Hercules in minority his enter and exit shall be strangling a snake and 1 will have an apology for that purpose. JMc~. An excellent device@ so, if any of thé audience hi fs, you may cry ~ Hercules! now ~CM c~ snake! that is the way to make an offence gracious@ though few have the grace to do it. Arm. For the rest of the worthies ?-TFc~. 1 will play three myself. ~fc~. Thrice-worthy gentleman! Arm. Shall 1 tell you a thing ? J~. We attend. ~yyx. We will have, if this fadge not, an anti@@c. 1 be-seech you, follow. Hol. Fia, goodman Dull@ thou hast spoken no word all this while. Dull. Nor understood none neither, sir. ~ 3~. we will employ thee. D@~. l'il make one in a dance@ or so or 1 will play on the tabor to the worthies, and Jet them dance the hay. ~c~. Most dull, honest Dull, to our sport, away. ~~M~. ~c~ ~E ANOTHER PART OF THE SAME. BEFORE THE PRINCESSES PAVILION. Enter the Princes, ~~r~ Rosaline, and Maria. Pym. Sweet hearts, we shall be rich ere we depart, If fairings corne thus plentifully in A lady wall'd about wit@h diamonds@ Look you, what I have from the loving king. JPcj. Madam@, came nothing else along with that ? ~r~. Nothing but this? yes, as much love in rhyme, As would be cramm'd up in a sheet of paper, Writ on both sides the leaf, margent and all@ That he was fain to seal on Cupid's name. T~y. That was the way to make his godhead wax@ For he hath been five thousand years a boy. 7~ ï. Ay, and a shrewd unhappy gallows too. J?~. You'Il ne'er be friends with him he klll'd your sister. @@@H@@e made her melancholy, sad, and heavy And so she died had she been light, like you, Of such a merry, nimble, stirring spirit, She might have been a grandam ere she died And so may you for a light heart lives long. ~?~. What~s your dark meaning, mouse, of this light word@@@@? A light condition in a beauty dark. jKo~. We need more light to find your meaning out. @@@@@You'Il mar the light, by taking it in snufF Therefore, I'll darkly end the argument. jRcj. Look, what you do, you do It still i' thé dark. @@j~ So do not you@ for you are a light wench. T~M. Indeed, 1 weigh not you@ and therefore light. @@@@@You weigh me not,- 0, that's you care not for me. ~o~. Great reason for, Past cure is still past care.@ Prin. Well bandied both a set of wit well play'd. But@ Rosaline, you have a favour too Who sent it? and what is It ? ~cj. 1 would, you@knew An if my face were but as fair as yours, My favour were as great be witnefs this. Nay, 1 have verses too, 1 thank Biron Thé numbers true and, were the numb'ring too, 1 were the fairest goddefs on the ground 1 am compar'd to twenty thousand fairs. 0, he hath drawn my picture in his letter@ @@7~ Any@thinglike? ~M. Much, in thé letters nothing, in the praise. @@@@@Beauteous as ink a good conclusion. ~~A. Fair as a text B in a copy-book. ~?M. 'Ware pendi@s@ How? let me not die your debtor, My red dominical, my golden letter 0, that your face were not so full of O's 1 j~~A. A pox of that jest@ and @@beshrew all shrows! .Pn?z. But what was sent to you from fair Dumain ? ~~A. Madam, this glove. .Pn~. Did he not send you twain @@@? Yes, madam@ and moreover, Some thousand verses of a faithful lover@ A huge translation of hypocrisy, Vilely compil'd, profound simplicity. Mar. This, and these pearls, to me sent Longa ville The letter is too long by half a mile. Prin. 1 think no lefs@ Dost thou not wish in heart, Thé chain were longer, and thé letter short ? ~xr. Ay, or I would these hands might never part. ~rm. We are wise girls, to mock our lovers so. ~c~. They are worse fools, to purcliase mocking so. That same Biron l'il torture ere 1 go. 0 that 1 knew he were but in by the week@ How 1 would make him fawn, and beg, and seek And wait the season, and observe the times, And spend his prodigal wits in bootlefs rhymes And shape his service wholly to my behests, And make hirn proud to make me proud that jests@ So port@@ent-like would 1 o'ersway his state, That he should be my fool, and 1 his fate. Prin. None are so surely caught, when they are catch'd, As wit turn'd fool folly, in wisdom hatch'd, Hath wisdom's warrant, and thé help of school And wit's own grace to grace a learned fool. ~M. The blood of youth burns not with such excels, As gravity's revoit to wantonnels. J~r. Folly in fools bears not so strong a note, As foolery in the wise, when wit doth dote Since all the power thereof it doth apply, To prove, by wit, worth in simplicity. Enter Boyet. P~. Here comes Boyet, and mirth is in his face. ~cy. 0, 1 am stabb'd with laughter! Wherc's her grace? Prin. Thy news, Boyet ? Boy@. Prépare, madam, prepare!-Arm, wenches, arm@ encounters mounted are Against your peace Love doth approach disguis'd, Armed in arguments you'll be surpris'd Muster your wits stand in your own defence Or hide your heads like cowards, and fly hence. Prin. Saint Dennis to saint Cupid@ What are they, That charge their breath against us ? say, scout, say. Boy@. Under the cool shade of a sycamore, I thought to close mine eyes some half an hour When, lo, to interrupt my purpos'd rest, Toward that shade 1 might behold addrest The king and his companions warily 1 stole into a neighbour thicket by, And overhcard what you shali overhear@ That, by and by, disguis'd they will be here. Their herald is a pretty knavish page, That well by heart hath conn'd his embassage Action, and accent, did they teach him there @T~MJ must ~CM and ~M~ body bear And ever and anon they made a doubt, Presence majestical would put him out @For,@ quoth the King, @an angel shalt thou s@e@@e@ @@~r not thou, but speak ~M~c~M~ The boy reply'd, An is not@@@@@ I should W her, had she been a devil.@ With that@ all laugli'd, and clapp'd him on the shoulder@ Making the bold wag by their praises bolder. One rubb'd his elbow thus@ and @neer'd, and swore, A better speech was never spoke before Another, witli his finger and his thumb, Cry'd, F~ will do't, 6wy~ z~ z~ cow~ Thé third he caper'd, and cried, ~~ ~ Thé .fburth turn'd on the toe, and down lie fell. Witli that, they aJI did tumbJc on the ground, With such a zealous laughter, so profound, That in this spleen ridiculous appears, To check their @@@My, pafsion's solemn tears. @@@@@But what, but what, come they to visit us ? Boy@. They do, they do and are apparell'd thus,-Like Muscovites, or Ruisians@ as 1 guefs, Their purpose is, to parle, to court, and dance And every one his love-feat will advance Unto his several mistrefs@ which they'll know By favours several, which they did bestow. ~r~. And will they so? thé gallants shall bc task'd -For, ladies, we will every one be mask'd And not a man of them shall have the grâce, Despite of suit, to see a lady's face. Hold, Rosaline, this favour thou shalt wear@ And then the king will court thec for his dear Hold, take thou this, my sweet, and give me thine@ So shall Biron take me for Rosaline,-And change you favours too so shall your loves Woo contrary, deceiv'd by these removes. jR~. Corne on@ then wear the favours most in sight. Ifatlt. But, in this changing, what is your intent ? Prin. The effect of my intent is, to crofs theirs They do it but in mocking merriment And mock for mock is only my intent. Their several counsels they unbosom shall To loves mistook@ and so be mock'd withal, Upon the next occasion that we meet, With visages display'd, to talk, and greet. @@@@But shall we dance, if they désire us to't? ~r~. No@ to the death, wc will not move a foot Nor to their penn'd speech rcnder we no grace@ But, while 'tis spoke, each turn away lier face. Boy@. Why, that contempt will kill the speaker's heart, And quite divorce his memory from his part. jprm. Therefore 1 do it and, 1 make no doubt, The rest will ne'er come in, if he be out. There's no such sport, as sport by sport o'erthrown@ To make theirs ours, and ours none but our own So shall we stay, mocking intended game@ And they, well mock'd, depart away with shame. @@@@@@@~ sound witltin. Boy@. The trumpet sounds be mask'd, the maskers come. the ladies mask. Enter the King, jS~cM Z~M~ and Dumain, in Rufsian habits, and 7?Z~M ~fo~~ Musicians, and Attendants. j~f~A. ~M A~ the ricliest beauties on the ~r~A Boy. Beauties no richer than rich taffata. Moth. A holy ~~?ï~~ of ~x~ dames, .he ladies turn their backs to him. fhat ever turn'd their-backs-to mortal j3~. 7~6'~ eyes, villain, @@~~f eyes. ~o~A. ? A~ ever turn'd their mortal OM~ ~ True out, indeed. Moth. Out C~~OMr~~CMf~ Iteavenly ~OMC M~ ~o behold-@Bir. Once to behold, rogue. .Me A. C~ behold w~~ your sun-beamed eyes, -Z~~A your ~7M ?~ ~'M-Boy. They will not answer to that epithet You were best call it, daughter-beamed eyes. ~fo A. They do not mark me, and that brings me out. Bir@. Is this your perfectnefs? be gone, you rogue. ~o~. What would these strangers ? know their minds, Boyet If they do speak our language, 'tis our will That some plain man recount their purposes Know what they would. Boy@. What would you with the prince~s ? Bir@. Nothing but peace, and gentle visitation. jR~. What would they, say they ? Boy@. Nothing but peace, and gentle visitation. @@@@Why, that they hâve and bid them so be gone. Boy@. She says, you have it, and you may be gone. @@@@@Say to her, we have measur'd many miles, To tread a measure with her on this grafs. Boy@. They say, that they have measur'd many a mile, To tread a measure with you on this grafs. j?~. It is not so@ ask them, how many inches Is in one mile if they have measur'd many, The measure then of one is easily told. Boy@. If, to come hither you have measur'd miles, And many miles@ thé princefs bids you tell How many inches do@@ fill up one mile. @2~y. Tell her, we measure them by weary steps. Boy@. She hears herself. J?~. How many weary steps, Of many weary miles you have o'ergone, Are number'd in the travel of one mile? J5~. We number nothing that we spend for you Our duty is so rich, so infinite, That we may do it still without accompt. Vouchsafe to show the sunshine of your face, That we, like savages, may worship it. jR~. My face is but a moon, and clouded too. @@j~ Blefsed are clouds, that do as such clouds do! Vouchsafe, bright moon, and these thy stars, to shine@ Those clouds remov'd, upon our watery eyne. jRo~ 0 vain petitioner! beg a greater matter Thou now request'st but moonshine in the water. @@@@@Then@ in our measure do but vouchsafe one change@ Thou bid'st me beg this begging is not strange. ~M. Play, music, then@ nay@ you must do it soon. music Plays. Not yet -no dance -thus change 1 like the moon. @@@@@Will you not dance ? How come you thus estrang'd ? -K~. You took the moon at full@ but now she's chang'd. @@@@@Yet still she is the moon, and 1 the man. The music plays vouchsafe some motion to it. jR~. Our ears vouchsafe it. @@j~ But your legs should do it. ~M. Since you are strangers, and corne here by chance, We'll not be nice take hands -wc will not dance. ~Tïg'. Why take we hands@ then ? jKc~. Only to part friends Court'sy, sweet hearts and so thé measure ends. @@J~ More measure of this measure be not nice. 7~. We can afford no more at such a price. @@@@@Prize you yourselves What buys your company? 7~. Your absence only. Ifing. That can never be. 7~. Then cannot we be bought and so@ adieu Twice to your visor, and half once to you Ifirtg. If you deny to dance, let's hold more chat. jRo~. In private@ then. @@@@@1 am best pleas'd with that. @@~~ converse @@~~W. Bir@. White-handed mistrels, one sweet word with thee. Prin. Honey, and milk, and sugar there is three. Bir@. Nay then, two treys, an@ I.fyou grow so nice, Metheglin, wort, and mahnscy -well run, dice@ There's balf a dozen sweets. jPnTZ. Seven th sweet, adieu! Since you can cog, l'Il play no more with you. Bir@. One word in secret. Prin. Let it not be sweet. Bir@. Thou griev'st my gall. Prin. GaJI? bitter. Bir@. Therefore meet. they converse ~ x~. DM~x. Will you vouchsafe with me to change a word ? jM~r. Name it. D@~ Fair lady,@@ ~xr. Say you so ? Fair lord~-@Take that for your fair lady. J9~ Please it you, As much in private, and F II bid adieu. @@@@@What, was your visor@ made without a tongue? Long. 1 know the reason, lady, why you ask. @@@@0, for your reason! quickly, sir 1 long. Long. You have a double tongue within your mask, And would afford my speechlefs visor@ half. @@@@@Veal, quoth the Dutchman@ Is not @veal@ a calf ? Long. A calf, fair lady? @@@@@No, a fair lord calf. @Z~. Let's part the word. Ifath. No, @Fil not be your half Take all, and wean it it may prove an ox. Zc~. Look, how you butt yourself in these sharp mocks 1 Will you give horns, chaste lady? do not so. @@j~ Then die a calf, before your horns do grow. they converse Long. One word in private with you, ere 1 die. @@@@@Bleat softly then, the butcher hears you cry. they converse jSo~. The tongues of mocking wenches are as keen As is the razor's edge invisible, Cutting a smaller hair than may be seen@ Above the sense of sen.se so sensible Seemeth their conférence their conceits have wings, Fleeter than arrows, bullets, wind, thought, swifter things. jRo~. Not one word more, my maids break off, break off. @@2~. By heaven, all dry-beaten with pure scoff! @~Mg. Farewell, mad wenches you have simple wits. ~W~. Twenty adieus, my frozen Muscovites.-E~M~ Lords, Moth, ~M~ï~ and Attendants. Are these the breed of wits so wonder'd at ? j8c~. Tapers they are, with your sweet breaths puff'd out. ~M. Well-liking wits they have grofs, grofs fat, lat. J~n?~. 0 poverty in wit, kingly-poor flout@ Will they not, think you, hang themselves to-night ? Or ever, but in visor@s, show their faces? This pert Biron was out of countenance quite. J?M. 0, they were all in lamentable cases@ The king was weeping-ripe for a good word. Prin. Biron did swear himself out of all suit. .A~. Dumain was at my service, and his sword No ~O@MZ~ quoth 1 my servant straight was mute. ~~A. Lord Longaville said, 1 came o'er his heart And trow you, what he call'd me? ~n' ~alm, perhaps. @@@@@Yes, in good faith. .Pr~. Go, sicknefs as thou art@ 7~. Well, better wits have worn plain statute-caps. But will you hear? the king is my love sworn. Prin. And quick Biron hath plighted faith to me. ~~A. And Longaville was for my service boni. @.y Dumain is mine, as sure as bark on tree. Boy@. Madam, and pretty mistrefses, give ear Immediately they will again be here In their own shapes for it can never be, They will digest this harsh Indignity. Prin. Will they return ? Boy@. They will, they will, God knows@ And leap for joy, though they are lame with blows Therefore, change favours and, when they repair, Blow like sweet roses in this summer air. Prin. How blow? how bJowP speak to be understood. ~o@~. Fair ladies, mask'd, are roses in their bud Dismask'd, their damask sweet commixture shown, Are angels vailing clouds, or roses blown. Prin. Avaunt, perplexity@ What shall we do, If they return in their own shapes to woo ? ~M. Good madam, if by me you'Il be advis~d, Let's mock them still, as well known, as disguis'd Let us complain to them what fools were here, Disguis'd like Muscovites, in shapelefs gear And wonder, what they were and to what end Their shallow shows, and prologue vilely penn'd, And their rough carriage so ridiculous, Should be presented at our tent to us. .60~. Ladies, withdraw the gallants are at hand. fW~. Whip to our tents, as roes run over land. E~M~ Frmc~ ~M. and the Longaville, and Dumain, in ~o~r habits. Fair sir, God save you Where is the princels ? Boy@. Gone to lier tent@ Please it your majesty, Command me any service to her thither? That she vouchsafe me audience for one word. Boy@. I will and so will she, 1 know, my lord. E~. This fellow pecks up wit, as pigeons peas@@ And utters it again when God doth please He is wit's pedler@ and retails his wares At wakes, and wafs@els, meetings, markets, fair s And we that sell by grols, the Lord doth know, Have not the grace to grace it with such show. This gallant pins the wenches on his sleeve Had he been Adam, he had tempted Eve He can carve too, and lisp Why, this is he. That kifs'd his hand away in courtesy This is the ape of form, monsieur the nice, That, when he plays at tables, chides thé dice In honourable terms nay, he can sing A mean most meanly and, in ushering, Mend him who can the ladies call him, sweet The stairs, as he treads on them, kifs his feet This is the flower that smiles on every one, To show his teeth as white as whal@cs bone And consciences, that will not die in debt, Pay him the due of honey-tongued Boyet. J~mg'. A blister on his sweet tongue, with my heart, That put Armado's page out of his part! Enter the ~r~c~ usliered by Boyet Rosaline, Maria, rine, and Attendants. J5~. See, where it cornes!@Behaviour, what wert thou, Till this ma@@@n shew'd thee? and what art thou now? Ail hail, sweet Madam, and fair time of day@ Prin. Fair, in @all hail, is Ibul, as 1 conceive. @@@@@Construe my speeches better, If@you may. Prin. Then wish me better, 1 will give you leave. @@j~ We came to visit you@ and purpose now To lead you to our court vouchsafe it then. Prin. This field shall hold me and so hold your vow Nor God, nor I, delight@ in perjur'd men. @@j~ Rebuke me not for that which you provoke The virtue of your eye must break my oath. ~r~. You nick-naine virtue vice you should have spoke For virtue's office never breaks men's troth. Now, by my maiden honour, yet as pure As the unsullied lily, 1 protest, A world of torments though 1 should endure, 1 would not yield to be your house's guest So much 1 hate a breaking-cause to be Of heavenly oaths, vow'd with integrity. ~M~. 0, you have liv'd in desolation here, Unseen, unvisited, much to our shame. ~rz~. Not so, my lord it is not so, 1 swear We have had pastimes here, and pleasant game A mefs of Rufsians left us but of late. @@@@@How, madam? RuMans? jPf~. Ay, in truth, my lord Trim gallants, full of courtship, and of state. ~?M. Madam, speak true -It is not so, my lord My lady, to the manner of the daysJ In courtesy, gives undeserving praise. We four, indeed, confronted were with four In Rufsian habit here they stay'd an hour, And talk'd apace and in that hour, my lord, They did not biefs us with one happy word. 1 dare not call them fools but this 1 think, Wlien they are thirsty, fools would fain have drink. Bir@. This jest is dry to me.-Fair gentle sweet, Your wit makes wise things foolish when we greet@ With eyes best seeing@ heaven's fiery eye, By light we lose light Your capacity Is of that nature, that to your huge store Wise things seem foolish, and rich things but poor. jRc~. This proves you wise and rich@ for in my eye,@@ Bir@. 1 arn a fool, and full of poverty. 7?~. But that you take what doth to you belong, It were a fault to snatch words from my tongue. Bir@@. 0 1 am yours, and all that 1 pofsefs. Ros. Ail the fool mine ? Bir@. 1 cannot give you lefs. J?M. Which of the visor@s was it, that you wore ? ~y. Where? when? what visor? why demand you this ? 7~. There, then, that visor@ that superfluous case, That hid the worse, and show'd the better face. @@j~ We are descried they'Il mock us now downright. D@~ Let us confefs, and turn it to a jest. jPrm. Amaz'd, my lord? Why looks your highnefs sad? 7~. HeJp, hold his brows! he'11 swoon! Why look you pale ?-Sea-sick, 1 think, coming from Muscovy. @@@@@@Thus pour the stars down plagues for perjury. Can any face of brafs hold longer out?-Here stand I, lady@ dart thy skill at me Bruise me with scorn, confound me with a flout Thrust thy sharp wit quite through my ignorance Cut me to pieces with thy keen conçoit And 1 will wish thee never more to dance, Nor never more in Rufsian habit wait. O! never will I trust to speeches penn'd, Nor to the motion of a school-boy's tongue@ Nor never corne in visor@ to my friend@ Nor woo in rhyme, like a blind harper's song@ Taffata phrases, silken terms precise, Three-pil'd hyperboles, spruce affectation, Figures pedantical these summer-@nies Have blown me full of maggot ostentation 1 do forswear them and 1 here protest, By this white glove, how white the hand, God knows!@ Henceforth my wooing mind shall be exprefs'd In rufset yeas, and honest kersey noes And, to begin, wench,-so God help me, la@@ My love to thee is sound, sans crack or flaw. jRo~. Sans sans, 1 pray you. jSzr. Yet 1 have a trick Of the old rage -bear with me, 1 am sick I'll leave it by degrees. Soft, let us see -Write, @Lord have mercy on us, on those three They are infected, in their hearts it lies They have thé plague, and caught it of your eyes Thèse lords are visited you are not free, For the Lord's tokens on you do 1 see. Prin. No, they are @rec, that gave these tokens to us. jSxr. Our states are forfeit, seek not to undo us. jRcj. It is not so for how can this be true, That you stand forfeit, being those that sue @@@@? Peace@ for 1 will not have to do with you. jR M. Nor shall not, if 1 do as 1 intend. @~r@. Speak for yourselves, my wit is at an end. T~m~. Teach us, sweet madam, for our rude trans-grefsion Some fair excuse. jP~m. The fairest is confefsion. Were you not here, but even now, disguis'd ? ~mg. Madam, 1 was. Prin. And were you well ad vis'd? ~m~. 1 was, fair madam. Prin. When you then were liere, What did you whisper in your lady's car@@@@? That more than all the world 1 did respect her. Prin. When she shall challenge this, you will reject her. @@@@@Upon mine honour, no. Prin. Peace, peace, forbear Your oath once broke, you force not to forswear. j~m~. Despise me, when 1 break this oath of mine. Prin. I will and@therefbre@keep@it -Rosaiine, What did the Rufsian whisper in your ear ? j~M. Madam, he swore, that he did hold me dear As precious eye-sight@ and did value me Above this world adding thereto, moreover, That he would wed me, or else die my lover. Prin. God give thee joy of him@ the noble lord Most honourably doth uphold his word. @@@@@What mean you, madam ? by my life, my troth, 1 never swore this lady such an oath. 7~. By heaven, you did and to confiim it plain, You gave me this but take it, sir, again. @@@@@My faith, and this, the princefs 1 did give 1 knew her by this jewel on her sleeve. Prin. Pardon me, sir, this jewel did she wear And lord Biron, I thank him, is my dear@ What@ will you have me, or your pearl again? Bir@. Neither of either 1 remit both twain. 1 see the trick on't Here was a consent, Knowing aforehand of our merrimentJ To dash it like a Christmas comedy Some carry-tale, some please-man, some slight zany, Some mumble-news, some trencher-knight, some Dick, That smiles his cheek in years and knows the trick To make my lady laugh, when she's dispos'd, Told our intents before which once disclos'd, The ladies did change favours and then we, Following the signs, woo'd but the sign of she. Now, to our perjury to add more terror, We are again forsworn@ in will, and error. Much upon this it is -And might not you Te Boyet. Foresta@l our sport, to make us thus untrue ? Do not you know my lady's foot by the squire? And laugh upon the apple of her eye ? And stand between her back, sir, and the fire, Holding a trencher, jesting merrily? You put our page out Go, you are allow'd Die when you will, a smock shall be your shroud. You leer upon me, do you? there's an eye, Wounds like a leaden sword. @@@.S Full merrily Hath this brave manage, this career@ been run. @jS~. Lo, he is tilting straight@ Peace@ 1 have done. Enter Costard. Welcome, pure wit@ thou partest a fair fray. C'M~. 0 Lord, sir, they would know, Whether the three worthics shall come in, or no. Bir@. What, are there but three ? Cost. No, sir but it is vara fine, For every one pursents three. @@@@@@And three times thrice is nine. Cost. Not so, sir under correction, sir 1 hope, it is not so@ You cannot beg us, sir, 1 can afsure you, sir we know what we know 1 hope, sir, three times thrice, sir,-~@@@r@. Is not nine. Cost. Under correction, sir, we know whereuntil it doth amount. @~r@. By@jove, 1 always took three threes for nine. Cost. 0 Lord, sir, it were pity you should get your liv-ing by reckoning, sir. Bir@. How much is It ? Cost. 0 Lord, sir, the parties themselves, the actors, sir, will shew whereuntil it doth amount Ibr mine own part, 1 am, as they say, but to parfect one man,-e'en one poor man@ Pompion the great, sir. Bir@. Art thou one of thé worthies ? Cc~. It pleased them, to think me worthy of Pompion the great for mine own part, 1 know not the degree of the worthy@ but 1 am to stand for him. Bir@. Go, bid them prepare. Cost. We will turn it finely off, sir we will take some care. fE~ Costard. J~m~. Biron, they will shame us, let them not approach. Bir@. We are shame-proof, my lord and 'tis some po-licy To have one show worse than the king's and his company. ~M~. 1 say, they shall not come. Prin. Nay, my good lord, let me o'er-rule you now That sport best pleases, that doth least know how Where zeal strives to content, and the contents Die@ in the zeal of them which it presents, Their form confounded makes most form in mirth@ When great things labouring perish in their birth. Bir@. A right description of our sport, my lord. Enter Armado. Anointed, I implore so much expence of thy royal sweet breath as will utter a brace of words. ~y~. converses with the@@@@@@ and delivers him a ~~r. 7~ Doth this man serve God ? Bir@. Why ask you? Prin. He speaks not like a man of God's making. ~~M. That@'s all one, my fair, sweet, honey monarch for, 1 protest, the school-master is exceeding fantastical too, too vain@ too, too vain But we will put it, as they say, to fortuna della guerra. I wish you thé peace of mind, most royal couplement@ Exit ~yyM~~c. Ifing. Here is like to be a good presence of worthies@ He presents Hector of Troy the swain, Pompey the great the parish curate, Alexander Armado's page, Hercules thc pedant, Judas Machabaeus. And if these four worthies in their first show thrive, These four will change habits, and present the other five. Bir@. There is five in the first show. J~m~. You are deceiv'd, 'tis not so. Bir@. The pedant, the braggart, the hedge-priest, the fool, and the boy @@Abate a throw at novum, and the whole wor ld again Cannot prick out five such, take each one in his vein. j~z~. The ship is under sail, and here she cornes amain. ~~ ~y the King, jpr~c~ ~c. Pageant of the JVzyx~ Worthies. Enter Costard arm'd, for Pc~ Cost. I Pompey Bir. You lie, you are not he. Cost. 7 Pompey Boy. With libbard's head on knee. Bir@. Well said, old mocker 1 must needs be friends with thee. Cost. I Pompey am, Pompey surnam'd the big,@@ Dum. The great. Cost. It is@ @great,@ sir @@P@@c~~ surnam'd the great That oft Z7~ M~ with targe and shield, did make ~z~ And, travelling along this coast, @@@@7~ am come by chance@ And@@@@@@@ arms before the legs of this c~Fr~MC~. If your ladyship would say, 7~ Pompey, 1 had donc. Prin. Great thanks, great Pompey. Cost. 'Tis not so much worth but, 1 hope, 1 was per-fect 1 made a little fault in, great.@ Bir@. My hat to a halfpenny, Pompey proves the best worthy. Enter ~~m~ arm'd, for Alexander. JV~A.@@@@ in the world I @@@@@@@7 was the Zt py~ cc~z-mander By ea@@@@@@st, north, and south, ~y~~ conquering might @@'scutcheon @@@j~ declares, that 7 am Alisander@@. Boy@. Your nose says, no, you are not for it stands too right. @@@@@@Your nose smells, no, in this, most tender-smelling knight. Prin.T he conqueror is dismay' d Proceed, good Alexander. @JV~ When in the world I the ~crM~ com-mander -@@Boy@. Most true, 'tis right you were so, Alisander. Bir@. Pompey the gréât,-@@Cost. Your servant, and Costard. Bir@. Take away the conqueror, take away Alisander. Cost. 0, sir, to JV x~. you have overthrown Alisander thé conqueror@ You will be scraped out of the painted cloth for this your lion, that holds his poll-ax@ sitting on a close-stool, will be given to A-jax he will be the ninth worthy. A conqueror, and afeard to speak! run away for shame, Alisander. A~ There, an't shaliplease@you a foolish mild man an honest man, look you, and soon dash'd! He is a marvellous good neighbour, insooth@ and a very good bowler but, for Alisander, alas, you see, how ~tis -a little o'er-parted -But there are worthies a com-ing will speak their mind in some other sort. JPW~. Stand aside, good Pompey. Enter J~o~y~~ ~j~or~ and Moth arm'd, for Hercules. Hol. Great Hercules is presented by ~M z~, Wfaose club @@@@M~ Cerberus, tfiat ~A~ canus And, when he was a babe, a child, a shrimp, Thus did he strangle serpents in his manus@ Quoniam@@, seemeth in minority@ Ergo, 7cc~~ this apology. Keep some state in thy @@@@@@and vanish. ~~ j~fc~. ~M~ I z~ D~ A Judas! ~c~. Not Iscariot, sir.-~M ~M 7 am, ycleped ~!ZC~a!~M~. Dum. Judas Machabaeus clipt, is plain Judas. @@~y. A kifsing traitor -How art thou prov'd Judas? Hol. y~~ I z~-Dum. The more 'shame for you, Judas. ~c~. What mean you, sir? ~o@~. To make Judas hang himself. ~c~. Begin, sir you are my elder. Bir@. Well follow'd Judas was hang'd on an elder. ~c . 1 will not be put out of countenance. Bir@. Because thou hast no face. @~M What is this ? Boy@. A cittern head. Dum. The head of a bodkin. Bir@. A death's face in a ring. Z~g'. The face of an old Roman coin, scarce seen. Boy@. The pummel of@Csesar's falchion. Dum. The carv'd-bone face on a flask. Bir@@.@ St. George's half-cheek in a brooch. Dum. Ay, and in a brooch of lead. Bir@. Ay, and worn in the cap of a tooth-drawer@ And now, forward for we have put thee in countenance. Bol. You have put me out of countenance. Bir@. False we have given thee faces. ~c~. But you have out-fac'd them all. Bir@. An thou wert a lion, we would do so. @@2~. Therefore, as he is, an afs, let him go. And so adieu, sweet Jude@ nay, why dost thou stay? DM~. For the latter end of his name. Bir@. For the afs to the@jude give it him -Jud-as, away. ~c~. This is not generous, not gentle, not humble. Boy@. A light for monsieur Judas@ it grows dark, he may stumble. Holofernes retires. L jPfm. Alas, poor Machabaeus, how hath he been baited! Enter Armado arm'd, for Hector. Bir@. Hide thy head, Achilles here comes Hector in arms. Dum. Though my mocks corne home by me, 1 will now be merry. ~rng. Hector was but a Trojan in respect of this. @~c~. But is this Hector ? Dum. 1 think, Hector was not so clean-timber'd. Long. His leg is too big for Hector@@. Dum. More calf, certain. Boy@. No he is best indued in the small. Bir@. This cannot be Hector. Dum. He's a god or a painter for he makes faces. Arm. 7~~ x~?M~o~M~ Mars, c~~c~ the almighty, Gave Hector a g~-D~ A gilt nutmeg. Bir@. A lemon. @Z~. Stuck with cloves. Dum. No,@cloven. j~f~z. Peace! 2~ armipoient Mars, @c~~c~ the alntighty, Gave Hector a heir of @~ZCM A man so that certain ~O~M~ From morn tilt night, out of his ~z. I am ~c~ Dum. That mint. @Z~. That columbine. Arm. Sweet lord Longaville, rein thy tongue. @Z~. 1 must rather give it the rein@ for it runs against Hector. Dum. Ay, and Hector's a greyhound. Arm. Thé sweet war-man is dead and rotten sweet chucks, beat not the bones of the buried when he breath'd, he was a man@-But 1 will forward with my device@ sweet royalty, to the ~r~c~. bestow on me the sense of hearing. Biron whispers Costard. ~rm. Speak, brave Hector we are much delight-ed. Arm. 1 do adore thy sweet grace's slipper. Boy. Loves her by the foot. Dum. He may not by the yard. Arm. This T~c~r@@~y surmounted Hannibal,-@@Cost. The party is gone, fellow Hector, she is gone she is two months on her way. Jy~z. What mean'st thou? Cost. 'Faith, unlefs you play the honest Trojan, the poor wench is cast away she's quick the child brags in lier belly ah'eady 'tis yours. Arm. Dost thou infamonize me among potentates ? thou shalt die. Cost. Then shall Hector be whipp'd, for Jaquenetta that is quick by him and hang'd, for Pompey that is dead by him. Dum. Most rare Pompey@ Boy@. Renowned Pompey! Bir@. Greater than great, great, great, great, Pompey! Pompey thé huge@ Dum. Hector trembles. Bir@. Pompey is mov'd -More Ates, more Ates@ stir them on, stir them on@ Dum. Hector will challenge him. Bir@. Ay, if he have no more man's blood in@'s belly than will sup a flea. Arm. By the north pole, 1 do challenge thee. Cc~. 1 will not fight with a pole, like a northern man @Fil slash l'il do it by the sword@ @-1 pray you, let me borrow my arms again. Dum. Room for the incensed worthies. Cost. l'il do it in my shirt. DM?M. Most resolute Pompey! Mo~A. Master, let me take you a button-hole lower. Do you not see, Pompey is uncasing for the combat? What mean you ? you will lose your reputation. @@@@Gentlemen, and soldiers, pardon me 1 will not combat in my shirt. Dum. You may not deny it Pompey hath made thé challenge. @@@@Sweet bloods, 1 both may and will. Bir@. What reason have you for~t@@@? The naked truth of it is, 1 have no shirt 1 go woolward for penance. ~Mc~. True, and it was enjoin'd him in Rome for want of linen since when, l'il be sworn, he wore none, but a dish-clout ofjaquenetta's@ and that 'a wears next his heart for a favour. Enter Mercade. Mer. God save you, madam@ Prin. Welcome, Mercade But that thou interrupt'st our merriment. Mer. 1 am sorry, madam for the news 1 bring, Is heavy in my tongue. Thé king your father-~@@rm. Dead, for my life. Mer. Even so my tale is told. Bir@. Worthies, away@ the scene begins to cloud. ~y~. For mine own part, 1 breathe free breath@ 1 have seen the day of wrong through the little hole of discretion, and 1 will right myself like a soldier. Exeunt Worthies. @@@@@How fares your majesty ? Prin. Boyet, prepare 1 will away to-night. jR~. Madam, not so 1 do beseech you, stay. Prin. Prepare, 1 say.-1 thank you, gracious lords, For all your fair endèavours and entreat, Out of a new-sad soul, that you vouchsafe In your rich wisdom, to excuse, or hide, The liberal opposition of our spirits@ If over-boldly we have borne ourselves In the converse of breath, your gentlenefs Was guilty of it.-Farewell, worthy lord@ A heavy heart bears not an humble tongue Excuse me so, coming too short of thanks For my great suit so easily obtain'd. j~m~. The extreme parts of time extremely form@ A@U causes to the purpose of his speed@ And often, at his very loose, decides That which long procefs could not arbitrate And though the mourning brow of progeny Forbid the smiling courtesy of love, The holy suit which fain it would convince@ Yet@ since love's argument was first on foot, Let not thé cloud of sorrow justle it From what it purpos'd since, to wail friends lost, Is not by much so wholesome, profitable, As to rejoice at friends but newly found. Prin. 1 understand you not my griefs are double. Bir@. Honest plain words best pierce the ear of grief -And by these badges understand the king. For your fair sakes have we neglected time, Play'd. foui play with our oaths your beauty, ladies, Hath much deform'd us, fashioning our humours Even to the opposed end of our intents And what in us hath seem'd ridiculous,-@As love is full of unbefitting strains@ A@U wanton as a child, skipping, and vain@ Form'd by the eye, and therefore@ like the eye, Full of strange shapes, of habits, and of forms, Varying in subjects as the eye doth roll To every varied object in his glance Which party-coated presence of loose love, Put on by us, if, in your heavenly eyes, Have misbecom'd our oaths and gravities, Those heavenly eyes, that look into these faults, Suggested us to make@ Therefore, ladies, Our love being yours, the error that love makes Is likewise yours we to ourselves prove false, By being once false for ever to be true To those that make us both,-fair ladies, you And even that falsehood, in itself a sin, Thus purifies itself, and turns to grace. .Pn?z. We have receiv'd your letters, full of love Your favours, the embafsadors of love And, in our maiden council, rated them At courtship, pleasant jest, and courtesy, As bombast and as lining to the time But more devout than this, in our respects, Have we not been and therefore met your loves In their own fashion, like a merriment. Dum. Our letters, madam, show'd much more than@jest. Long. So did our looks. jR~. We did not quote them so. jR~g Now, at the latest minute of the hour, Grant us your loves. Prin. A time, methinks, too short To make a world-without-end bargain in@ No, no, my lord, your grace is perjur'd much, Full of dear guiltinefs and, therefore, this,-If for my love@ as there is no such cause, You will do aught, this shall you do for me Your oath 1 will not trust but go with speed To some forlorn and naked hermitage, Remote from aIl the pleasures of the world There stay, until the twelve celestial signs Have brought about their annual reckoning@ If this austere insociable life Change not your offer made in heat of blood If frosts, and fasts, hard lodging, and thin weeds, Nip not the gaudy blofsoms of your love, But that it bear this trial, and last love Then, at the expiration of the year, Come challenge@@@, challenge me by these déserts, And, by this virgin palm, now kifsing thine, 1 will be thine and, till that instant, shut My woefui self up in a mourning house@ Raining the tears of lamentation, For the remembrance of my father's death. If this thou do deny, let our hands part@ Neither intitled in the other's heart. @@@@@If this, or more than this, 1 would deny, To flatter up these powers of mine with rest, The sudden hand of death close up mine eye@ Hence ever then my heart is in thy brcast. Bir@. And what to me, my love? and what to me? 7~. You must be purged too, your sins are r ack'd@ You are attaint witli faults and perjury Therefore, if you my favour mean to get, A twelvemonth shall you spend, and never rest, But seek the weary beds of people sick. Dum. But what to me, my love? but what to me? A wife@@@@!-A beard, fair health, and honesty With three-fold love 1 wish you all these three. Dum. 0, shall 1 say, 1 thank you, gentle wife@@@@? Not so, my lord -a twelvemonth and a day l'il mark no words that smooth-fac'd wooers say Corne when the king doth to my lady corne, Then, if@l have much love, I'll give you some. Dum. l'Il serve thee true and faithfully till then. @@@@@Yet, swear not, lest you be forsworn again. Long. What says Maria? Mar. At thé twelvemonth's end, l'JI change my black gown for a faithful friend. Z~g'. l'Il stay with patience but the time is long. Mar. The liker you few taller are so young. Bir@. Studies my lady? mistrefs, look on me, Behold the window of my heart, mine eye, What humble suit attends thy answer there Impose some service on me for thy love. Ros. Oft have 1 heard of you, my lord Biron, Before 1 saw you and the world's large tongue Proclaims you for a man replete with mocks@ Full of comparisons, and wounding flouts@ Which you on all estates will execute, That lie within the mercy of your wit@ To weed this wormwood from your fruitful brain, And, therewithal, to win me, if you please, Without the which 1 am not to be won, You shall this twelvemonth term from day to day Visit the speechlefs sick, and still converse With groaning wretches and your task shall be, With all thé fierce endeavour of your wit, To enforce the pained impotent to smile. Bir@. To move wild laughter in the throat of death ? It cannot be it is impofsible Mirth cannot move a soul in agony. jR~. Why@ that's the way to choke a gibing spirit, Who.se influence is begot of that loose grace, Which shallow laughing hearers give to fools A jest~s prosperity lies in the ear Of him that hears it, never in the tongue Of hinl that makes it then, if@sickly ears, Deaf'd with thé clamours of their own dear groans, Will hear your idle scorns, continue then, And 1 will have you, and that fault withal But, if they will not, throw away that spirit, And 1 shall find you empty of that fault, Right@joyfui of your reformation. @j6~. A twelvemonth? well, befa@l what will befa@l, l'@IIjest a twelvemonth in an hospital. @@@@Ay, sweet my lord and so 1 take my leave. 7c the j~mg. No, madam we will bring you on your way. Bir@. Our wooing doth not end like an old play Jack hath not JII1 these ladies' courtesy Might well have made our sport a comedy. @@@@@Come, sir, it wants a twelvemonth and a day, And then 'twill end. Bir@. That's too long for a play. Enter Armado. Arm. Sweet majesty, vouchsafe me,-@@Prin. Was not that Hector? Dum. The worthy knight of Troy. Arm. 1 will kifs thy royal finger, and take leave@ 1 am a votary 1 have vowed to Jaquenetta to hold the plough for her sweet love three year@. But, most esteemed greatnefs, will you hear the dialogue that the two learned men have compiled, in praise of the owl and the cuckoo ? it should have followed in the end of our show. Long. Call them forth quickly, we will do so. Arm. Holla@ approach. Enter jHc c~n~ Nathaniel, Moth, Costard, and others. This side is Hiems, winter@ this Ver, the spring the one maintain'd by the owl, the other by the cuckoo. Ver, begin. @@@@SONG. Spr. When ~m~ and violets @M~~ And lady-smoclis ~M ~~y-And OEC~OO- O~C~ hue, ~~ 7~ Do ~ M~ the ~~A delight, t.3? ~~J~~ The cMc~co tlten, on every tree, Mocks married men, for thus sings he, Cuckoo CMC~C~ CMC~CÛ~0 word 0~ married @~~f When ~A~r~ on oaten strazvs, And merry ~r~ are clocks, When turtles tread, and rCC~ and And maidens bleach their summer ~TMOC~, The CMC~o every tree, ~foc@~ married men, ~or thus sings he, CMC~OÛ CMc~c~ cMc~c~-0 word c C M~ married Win. When icicles hang by tlte @@z~ And Dzc~ the ~0~~ his M~~ And 7o~ bears logs into @h@@all, And ?Mt~ comes frozen home in When blood is m~ and z~~ be@foul, Then nightly sings tlte staring owl, Tc-@@~o Tu-whit, ~C- merry note, Wltile greasy@ doth the ~0~. When all aloud the@ doth Mc~ And coughing ~fC~M~ the ~7~~ saw, And birds sit brooding in the ~c~, And .~rM~s nose looks red and @@y~ When roasted crab@@@@@s in the@ Then ~z~A~ sings the staring uwl, ~o-~c ZM-~A~~ to-who, a merry note, @F~X~ greasy ~C~M doth the pot. @@@@The words of Mercury are harsh after the songs of Apollo. You, that way we, this way. E~~M~. F~-oM ~MM ~y W. ~~ZM~ CO. A M D~MM~C~T~ DREAM '? PERSONS 0F THE DRAMA Theseus, D~~ of Athens. Z~~M~, Ex~ër to Hermia. Lysander, Demetrius in love with Hermia. 7 Master of the Revels Io Theseus. Quince, Carpenter. Snug, ~O~r. Bottom, the ~a~~y. Flute, ~A~ ~~0~y. Snout, Tinker. ~y~M~ ~e Ta~or. T~O~ ~M~~M 0 6~~ XXO~, betrothed to T~~CM~. ~r~ DaughM~ and ~ '0~ Scene, ~ t~, and a Wood KO ~r~OM il. MIDSUMMER-NIGHT'S DREAM c ~r ~c~~j? ATHENS. A ROOM IN THE PALACE OF THESEUS. Enter TT~M~ jf~~c~~ Philostrate, and ÏHESËUS. Now, fair Hippolyta, our nuptial hour Draws on apace four happy days bring in Another moon but, oh, methinks, how slow This old moon wanes! she lingers my desires, Like to a step-dame, or a dowager, Long withering out a young man's revenue. 7~ . Four days will quickly steep themselves in nights Four nights will quickly dream away the time And then the moon, like to a silver bow New bent in heaven, shall behold the night Of our solemnities. 7'he. Go, Philostrate, Stir up the Athenian youth to merriments Awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth Turn melancholy forth to funerals, The pale companion is not fbr@our@pomp.-~7~ Hippolyta, 1 woo'd thee with my sword, And won thy love, doing thee injuries But 1 will wed thee in another key, With pomp, with triumph, and with revelling. jE?~ Egeus, Hermia, Lysander, and Demetrius. ~E~. Happy be Theseus, our renowned duke@ @7~ Thanks, good Egeus What's the news with thee? jE~ Full of vexation come I, with complaint Against my child, my daughter Hermia. Stand forth, Demetrius -My noble lord, This man hath my consent to marry her -Stand forth, Lysander -and, my gracious duke, Tllis@@@@ hath bewitch'd the bosom of my child Thou, thou, Lysander, thou hast given her rhymes, And interchang'd love-tokens with my child Thou hast by moonlight at her window sung, With feigning voice, verses of feigning love@ And stol'n thé imprefsion of her fantasy With bracelets of thy hair, rings, gawds, conceits, Knacks, trifles, nosegays, sweetmeats@ mefsengers Of strong prevailment in unharden'd youth With cunning hast thou filch'd my daughter's heart@ Turn'd her obedience, which is due to me, To stubborn harshnefs -And, my gracious duke, Be it so she will not here before your grace Consent to marry with Demetrius, 1 beg thé ancient privilege of Athens@ As she is mine, 1 may dispose of her Which shall be either to this gentleman, Or to her death@ according to our law, Immediately provided in that case. 7'he. What say you, Hermia? be advis'd, fair maid To you your father should be as a god One that compos'd your beauties@ yea, and one To whom you are but as a form in wax, By him imprinted, and within his power To leave the figure, or disfigure it. Demetrius is a worthy gentleman. Her. So is Lysander. 7~6. In himself he is But, in this kind, wanting your father's voice, The other must be held the worthier. jH~r. ï would, my father look'd but with my eyes. @7~ Rather your eyes must with his judg@ment look. Her. 1 do entreat your grace to pardon me. 1 know not by what power 1 am made bold@ Nor how it may concern my modesty, In such a presence here, to plead my thoughts But 1 beseech your grace, that 1 may know The worst that may befa@l me in this case, If I refuse to wed Demetrius. 7~. Either to die the death, or to abjure For ever the society of men. Therefore, fair Hermia, question your desires, Know of your youth, examine well your blood, Whether, if you yield not to your father's choice, You can endure the livery of a nun@ For aye to be in shady cloister mew'd, To live a barren sister all your life, Chanting faint hymns to thé cold fruitlefs moon. Thrice blefsed they, that master so their blood, To undergo such maiden pilgrimage But earthlier happy is the rose distill'd, Than that, which, withering on the virgin thorn, Grows, lives, and dies, in single hlefsednefs. ~7. So will 1 grow, so live, so die, my lord, Ere 1 will yield my virgin patent up Unto his lordship@ whose unwished yoke My soûl consents not to give sovereignty. 77~. Take time to pause and, by the next new moon, jTlie sealing-day betwixt my love and me, For everlasting bond of@fellowship, Upon that day either prepare to die, For disobedience to your father's will@ Or else to wed Demetrius, as he would Or on Diana's altar to protest, For aye, austerity and single life. J9~. Relent, sweet Hermia -And, Lysander, yield@ Thy crazed title to my certain right. @Z~ You have her father's love, Demetrius Let me have Hermia's do you marry him. @@@@ScornfLil Lysander! true, he hath my love@ And what is mine, my love shall render him@ And she is mine@ and all my right of her 1 do estate unto Demetrius. Z~j. 1 am, my lord, as well deriv'd as he, As well pofsefs'd my love is more than his My fortunes every way as fairly rank'd, If not with vantage, as Demetrius' And, which is more than all these boasts can be, 1 am belov'd of beauteous Hermia Why should not 1 then prosecute my right? Demetrius, I'll avouch it to his head, Made love to Nedar's daughter, Helena, And won her soul and she, sweet lady, dotes, Devoutly dotes, dotes in idolatry, Upon this spotted and inconstant man. 7~. 1 must confefs, that 1 have heard so much, And with Demetrius thought to have spoke thereof But, being over-full of self-affairs, My mind did lose it.-But, Demetrius, corne And come, Egeus you shall go with me, 1 have some private schooling for you both. For you, fair Hermia, look you arm yourself To fit your fancies to your father's will Or else the law of Athens yields you up@ Which by no means we may extenuate, To death, or to a vow of single life. Corne, my Hippolyta What cheer, my love?-Demetrius, and Egeus, go along 1 must employ you in some businefs Against our nuptial and confer with you Of something nearly that concerns yourselves. Ege. With duty, and desire, we follow you. ~~M~~ T~~M~ ~MJ~ Demetrius, and 7~ Z~j. How now, my love? Why is your cheek so pale? How chance the roses there do fade so fast ? ~y. Belike, for want of rain@ which 1 could well Beteem them from the tempest of mine eyes. Lys. Ah me@ for aught that ever 1 could@@@@@ read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth But, either it was different in blood@@@ T~r. 0 crofs! too high to be enthrall'd to low! Lys. Or else misgraffed, in respect of years@@@ 7~. 0 spite! too old to be engag'd to young! Lys. Or else it stood upon the choice of friends@@@ ~y. 0 hell! to choose love by another's eye@! Lys. Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, War, death, or sicknefs did lay siege to it@ Making it momentany as a sound, Swift as a shadow, short as any dream Brief as the lightning in the collied night, That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth, And ere a man hath power to say,-Behold!@ The jaws of darknefs do devour it up So quick bright things come to confusion. Her. If then true lovers have been ever crofs'd, It stands as an edict in destiny Then let us teach our trial patience, Because it is a customary crofs@ As due to love, as thoughts, and dreams, and sighs, Wishes, and tears, poor fancy's followers. Lys. A good persuasion therefore, hear me, Hermia. 1 have a widow aunt, a dowager Of great revenue, and she hath no child From Athens is her house remote seven leagues And she respects me as her only son. There, gentle Hermia, may I marry thee And to that place the sharp Athenian law Cannot pursue us@ If thou lov'st me then, Steal forth thy father's house to-morrow night And in the wood, a league without the town, Where 1 did meet thee once with Helena, To do observance to a morn of May, There will 1 stay for thee. Her. My good Lysander@ I swear to thee, by Cupid's strongest bow@ By his best arrow with the golden head@ By the simplicity of Venus' doves@ By that which knitteth souls, and prospers loves@ And by that fire which burn'd thé Carthage queen. When the false Trojan under sail was seen@ By all the vows that ever men have broke, In number more than ever women spoke@ In that same place thou hast appointed me, To-morrow truly will 1 meet with thee. Lys. Keep promise, love@ Look, here cornes Helena. Enter Helena. Her. God speed, fair Helena! Whither away? Hel. Call you me fair? that fair again unsay. Demetrius loves your fair 0 happy fair@ Your eyes are Iode-stars and your tongue's sweet air More tuneable than lark to shepherd's ear, When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear. Sicknefs is catching 0, were favour so@ Your's would 1 catch, fair Hermia, ere 1 go My ear should catch your voice, my eye your eye, My tongue should catch your tongue's sweet melody. Were the world mine, Demetrius being bated, The rest Fil give to be to you translated. 0, teach me how you look@ and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius' heart. Her. 1 frown upon him, yet he loves me still. @@@0, that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill@ Her. 1 give him curses, yet he gives me love. Hel. 0, that my prayers could such affection move! Her. The m.ore 1 hate, the more he follows me. 7~. The more 1 love, the more he hateth me. @@@@His folly, Helena, is no fault of mine. Hel. None, but your beauty 'Would that fault were mine 'A Her. Take comfort he no more shall see my face Lysander and myself will fly this place.-Before the time 1 did Lysander see, Seem'd Athens as a paradise to me @0 then, what graces in my love do dwell, That he hath turn'd a heaven unto a hell! Lys. Helen, to you our minds we will unfold To-morrow night@ when Phoebe doth behold Her silver visage in the wat'ry glafs, Decking with liquid pearl the bladed grafs, A time that lovers' flights doth still conceal, Through Athens' gates have we devis'd to steal. Her. And in the wood, where often you and 1 Upon faint primrose-beds were wont to lie, Emptying our bosoms of their counsel sweet@ There my Lysander and myself shall meet And thence, from Athens, turn away our eyes, To seek new friends and stranger companies. Farewell, sweet playfellow pray thou for us, And good luck grant thee thy Demetrius@ Keep word, Lysander we must starve our sight Frorn lovers' food, till morrow deep midnight. ~r~ j. 1 will, my Hermia.-Helena, adieu As you on him, Demetrius dote on you! ~~ Lysander. How happy some, o'er other some, can be! Through Athens 1 am thought as fair as she. But what of@that? Demetrius thinks not so He will not know what aIl but he do know. And as he errs, doting on Hermia's eyes, So I, admiring of@his qualities. Things base and vile, holding no quantity, Love can transpose to form and dignity. Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind And therefbre is wing'd Cupid painted blind Nor hath love's mind of any judg@ment taste Wings, and no eyes, figure unheedy haste And therefore is love said to be a child, Because in choice he is so oft beguil'd. As waggish boys in game themselves forswear, So thé boy love is perjur'd every where For ere Demetrius look'd on Hermia's eyne, He hail' d down oaths, that he was only mine And when this hail some heat from Hermia felt, So he difsolv'd, and showers of oaths did melt. 1 will go tell him of fair Hermia's flight Then to the wood will he, to-morrow night, Pursue her and for this intelligence If 1 have thanks, it is a dear expence But herein mean 1 to enrich my pain, To have his sight thither, and back again. ~M. ~CJ~~ THE SAME. A ROOMIN A COTTAGE. Enter ~M~ ~c~c~~ T~M~ ~~M~ Quince, and Starveling. ~Mz~. Is all our company here? Bot. You were best to call them generally, man by man, according to the scrip. ~7Z. Here is the scroll of every man's name, which is thought fit, through all Athens, to play in our inter-lude before the duke and@@@@ duchefs, on his wedding-day at night. Bot. First, good Peter Quince, say what the play treats on@ then read the names of the actors@ and so grow to a point. Quin. Marry, our play is@-The most lamentable comedy, and most cruel death of Pyramus and Thisby. Bot. A very good piece of work, 1 afsure you, and a merry.-New, good Peter Quince, call forth your actors by the scroll@ Masters, spread yourselves. @@@@@Answer, as 1 call you.-Nick Bottom, the weaver. Bot. Ready@ Name what part 1 am for, and proceed. ~M~z. You, Nick Bottom, are set down for Pyramus. Bot. What is Pyramus? a lover, or a tyrant? A lover, that kills himself most gal@lantly for love. @@T@@hat will ask some tears in the true performing of it If 1 do it, let the audience look to their eyes 1 will move storms, 1 will condole in some measure. To the rest -Yet my chief humour is for a tyrant 1 could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in, to make all split. The raging rocks, With shivering shocks, Shall break, the locks Of prison-gates And Phibbus' car Shall shine from far, And make and mar Thé foolish fates. This was lofty!-Now name the rest of@the players. This is Ercles' vein, a tyrant's vein a lover is more con-doling. @P~. Francis Flute, the bellows-mender. Flu. Here, Peter Quince. Quin.@@@@@@ You must take Thisby on you. Flu. What is Thisby? a wandering knight? Quin. It is the lady that Pyramus must love. Flu. Nay, faith, let me not play a woman 1 have a beard coming. ~M~. That's all one you shall play it in a mask, and you may speak as small as you will. Bot. An 1 may hide my face, let me play Thisby too@ l'Il speak in a monstrous little voice -7~~ T M~-Pyramus, my lover dear@ thy @@@@7~ dear@ and lady dear!@ ~M~. No, no you must play Pyramus, and, Flûte, you Thisby. Bot. Well, proceed. ~MMZ. Robin Starveling, thé tailor. @6~. Here, Peter Quince. ~Mm. Robin Starveling, you must play@Thisby's mother. -Tom Snout, thé tinker. Snout. Here, Peter Quince. ~M~. You, Pyramus's fathcr myself, Thisby's father -Snug, the joiner, you, the lion's part -and, 1 hope, here is a play fitted. Snug. Have you the lion's part written? pray you, if it be, give it me, for 1 am slow of study. ~M~. You may do it extempore, for it is nothing but roaring. @@@@Let me play the lion too 1 will roar, that 1 will do any man's heart good to hear me 1 will roar, that 1 will make thé duke say, Let him roar again, let him roar again.@ ~M~. An you should do it too terribly, you would fright thé duchefs and the ladies, that they would shriek and that were enough to hang us all. @@@@That would hang us@ every mother's son. Bot. 1 grant you, friends, if that you should fright thé ladies out of@their@wits, they would have no more discretion but to hang us but 1 will aggravate my voice so, that 1 will roar you as gently as any sucking dove 1 will roar you an 'twere any nightingale. @@@@@You can play no part but Pyramus for Pyramus is a sweet-faced man a proper man, as one shall see in a summer's day a most lovely, gentleman-like man there-fore you must needs play Pyramus. Bot. Well, 1 will undertake it. What beard were 1 best to play it in? Quin. Why, what you will. Bot. 1 will discharge it in either your straw-coloured beard, your orange~tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your French-crown-colour beard, your perfect yellow. ~m'M. Some of your French crowns have no hair at all, and then you will play@bare-faced.-But, masters, here are your parts and 1 am to entreat you, request you, and desire you, to con them by to-morrow night and meet me in thé palace wood, a mile without the town, by moon-light there will we rehearse@ for if we meet in the city, we shall be dog@'d with company, and our devices known. In the mean time, 1 will draw a bill of properties, such as our play wants. 1 pray you, fail me not. Bot. We will meet and there we may rehearse more obscenely, and courageously. Take pains be perfect adieu. Quin. At the duke's oak we meet. Bol. Enough Hold, or eut bow-strings. ~M~. ~c~r II ~c~~ I A WOOD NEAR ATHENS. Enter a Fairy one door, and P~c~ another. P~. How now, spirit! whither wander you? Fai. Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough briar, Over park, over pale, Thorough flood, thorough fire, 1 do wander every where, Swifter than the moones sphère And 1 serve the fairy queen, To dew her orbs upon the green@ The cowslips tall her pensioners be In their gold coats spots you sec Those be rubies, fairy favours, In those freckles live their savours. 1 must go seek some dew-drops here, And hang a pearl in every cowslip's ear. Farewell, thou lob of spirits, l'il be gone Our queen and all her elves corne here anon. P@~. The king doth keep his revels here to-night Take heed, the queen come not within his sight. For Oberon is pafsing fell and wrath, Because that she, as her attendant, hath . A~~ ,~f,lià 'r'i ~b.'V,O~ . f.w~ .~?. r~ V. r~ ' 'W A lovely boy, stol'n from an Indian king She never had so sweet a changeling And jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his train, to trace the forests wild But she, perforce, withhoids the loved boy, Crowns him with flowers, and makes him all her joy And now they never meet in grove, or green, By fountain clear, or spangled star-light sheen, But they do square@ that ail their elves, for fear, Creep into acorn cups, and hide them there. @@@@Either 1 mistake your shape and making quite, Or eise you are that shrewd and knavish sprite, Call'd Robin Good-fellow are you not he, That fright@ the maidens of the villag'ry Skim milk@ and sometimes labour in the quern, And bootlefs make the breathlefs housewife churn And sometime make the drink to bear no barm Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm? Those that Hobgoblin call you, and sweet Puck, You do their work, and they shall have good luck Are not you he? Puck. Thou speak'st aright 1 am that merry wanderer of the night. 1 jest to Oberon, and make him smile, When 1 a fat and bean-fed horse beguile, Neighing in likenefs of a silly foal And sometime lurk 1 in a gofsip's bowl, In very likenefs of a roasted crab@ And, when she drinks, against her lips 1 bob, And on her wither'd dew-lap pour the ale. The wisest aunt, telling the saddest tale, Sometime for three-foot stool mistaketh me Then slip 1 from her bum, down topples she, And @@@~~cr@ cries, and falls into a cough And then the whole quire hold their hips, and l@offe And waxen in their mirth, and neeze, and swear A merrier hour was never wasted there.-But@ room, Faery, here comes Oberon. Fai. And here my mistrefs@ Would that he were gone@ jEy~r Oberon, a~ one ~c?~ zvith his train, and T~~yz~, z~c~~r~ z~~A lters. Obe. Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. @@7~ What,@jealous@0beron? Fair@@y, skip@hence 1 have forsworn his bed and company. Obe. Tarry, rash wanton Am not 1 thy lord? 71~. Then 1 must be thy lady But 1 know When thou hast sto@Fn away from fairy land, And in the shape of Corin sat all day, Playing on pipes of corn, and versing love To amorous Phillida. Why art thou here, Corne from thé farthest steep@ of India ? But that, forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, Your buskin'd mistrefs, and your warrior love, To Theseus must be wedded@ and you come To give their bed joy and prosperity. Obe. How canst thou thus, for shame, Titania, Glance at my credit with Hippolyta, Knowing 1 know thy love to Theseus ? Didst thou not lead him through the glimmering night From Perigenia, whom he ravished? And make him with fair ~Eglë break his faith, With Ariadne, and Antiopa? 7~. These are the forgeries of jealousy And never, since the middle summer's spring, Met we on hill, in dale, forest, or mead, By paved fbuntain, or by rushy brook, Or on the beached margent of the sea, To dance our ringlets to thé whistling wind, But with thy brawls thou hast disturb'd our sport. Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain, As in revenge@ have suck'd up from the sea Contagious fogs which falling in the land, Have every pelting river made so proud, That they have overborne their continents The ox hath therefore stretch'd his yokc in vain, The ploughman lost his sweat@ and thé green corn Hath rotted, ere his youth attain'd a beard The fold stands empty in the drowned field, And crows are fatted with the murrain flock The nine-men's morris is fill'd up with mud@ And thé quaint mazes in the wanton green, For lack of tread, are undistinguishable The human mortals want their winter here No night is now with hymn or carol blest -Therefore the moon, the governefs of floods, Pale in her anger, washes all the air, That rheumatic diseases do abound And, thorough this distemperature, we see Thé seasons alter hoary-headed frosts Fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose@ And on old Hyems' chin, and icy crown, An odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds Is, as in mockery, set The spring, the summer, The childing autumn, ang-ry winter, change Their wonted liveries@ and the 'mazed world, By their increase, now knows not which is which And this same progeny of evils comes From our debate, from our difsension We are their parents and original. Obe. Do you amend it then it lies in you Why sliould Titania crofs her Oberon? 1 do but beg a little changeling boy, To be my henchman. @@7~ Set your heart at rest, The fairy land buys not the child of me. His mother was a vot'refs of my order And, in the spiced Indian air, by night, Full often hath she gofsip' d by my side@ And sat with me on Neptune's yellow sands, Marking the embarked traders on the fiood@ When we have laugh'd to see thé sails conceive, And grow big-bellied, with the wanton wind Which she, with pretty and with swimming gait, Following@ her womb, then rich with my young 'squire,@ Would imitate@ and sail upon the land, To fetch me tri@ues, and return again, As from a voyage, rich with merchandize. But she, being mortal, of that boy did die And, for her saké 1 do rear up her boy@ And, for her sake, 1 will not part with him. Obe. How long within this wood intend you stay? 7z' Perchance, till after Theseus' wedding-day. If you will patiently dance in our round, And see our moonlight revels, go with us If not, shun me, and 1 will spare your haunts. Obe. Give me that boy, and 1 will go with thee. @@7~ Not for th@@@@@y kingdom.-Faeries, away@ We shall chide downright, if I@.onger stay. J~z~ Tz~~M, and her train. Obe. Well, go thy way thou shalt not from this grove, Till 1 torment thee for this injury.-My gentle Puck, corne hither@ Thou remember'st Since once 1 sat upon a promontory, And heard a mermaid, on a dolphin's back, Uttering such dulcet and harmonious breath, That the rude sea grew civil at her song And certain stars shot madly from their spheres, To hear the sea-maid's music. PM~. 1 remember. Obe. That very time 1 saw, but thou could'st not, Flying between the cold moon and the earth, Cupid all arm'd a certain aim he took At a fair vestal, throned by the west, And loos'd his love-shaft smartly from his bow, As it should pierce a hundred thousand hearts But 1 might see young Cupid's fiery shaft Quench'd in the chaste beams of the wat'ry moon@ And the imperial vot'refs pafsed on, In maiden meditation, fancy-free. Yet mark'd 1 where the boit of Cupid fell It fell upon a little western flower, Before, milk-white@ now purple with love's wound,-And maidens call it, love-in-idlenels. Fetch me that flower the herb 1 show' d thee once The@juice of it, on sleeping eye@lids laid, Will make or man or woman madly dote Upon the next live creature that it sees. Fetch me this herb and be thou here again, Ere the leviathan can swim a league. Pï~. l'il put a girdle round about the earth In forty minutes. ~~Pz~. Obe. Having once this juice, l'U. watch Titania when she is asleep, And drop thé liquor of it in her eyes@ The next thing then she waking looks upon, Be it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull, On meddling monkey, or on busy ape, She shall pursue it with the soul of love. And ere 1 take this charm off fro@m her sight, As 1 can take it with another herb, l'Il make her render up her page to me. But who cornes here? 1 am invisible And 1 will overhear their conference. Enter n~ ~~ 2~~ï~~ him. Dem. 1 love thee not, therefore pursue me not. Where is Lysander, and fair Hermia? The one I'll slay, the other slayeth me. Thou told'st me, they were stol'n into this wood, And here am I, and wood within this wood, Because 1 cannot meet with Hermia. Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more. Hel. You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant But yet you draw not iron, for my heart Is true as steel Leave you your power to draw, And 1 shall have no power to follow you. Dem. Do 1 entice you? Do 1 speak you fair? Or, rather, do 1 not in plainest truth Tell you@-1 do not, nor 1 cannot love you? Hel. And even for that do 1 love you the more. 1 am your spaniel and, Demetrius, The more you beat me, 1 will fawn on you Use me but as your spaniel, spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, lose me only give me leave, Unworthy as 1 am, to follow you. What worser place can 1 beg in your love,@ And yet a place of high respect with me,@ Than to be used as you use your dog? Dem. Tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit For 1 am sick, when 1 do look on thee. Hel. And 1 am sick, when 1 look not on you. Dem. You do impeach your modesty too much, To leave the city, and commit yourself Into the hands of one that loves you not To trust the opportunity of night, And the ill counsel of a desert place, With thé rich worth of your virginity. 7~. Your virtue is my privilege for that. It is not night, when 1 do see your face, Therefore 1 think 1 am not in the night Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company@ For you, in my respect, are all the world Then how can it be said, I am alone, When all the world is here to look on me @@? D ni run from thee, and hide me in the brakes, And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts. @@@@The wildest hath not such a heart as you. Run when you will, the story shall be chang'd Apollo flies, and Daphne holds the chase The dove pursues the griffin the mild hind Makes speed to catch thé tiger Bootlefs speed! When cowardice pursues, and valour flies. Dem. 1 will not stay thy questions let me go Or, if thou follow me, do not believe But 1 shall do thee mischief in the wood. @@@@Ay, in the temple, in the town, thé field, You do me mischief. Fye, Demetrius@ Your wrongs do set a scandai on my sex We cannot fight for love, as men may do We should be woo'd, and were not made to woo. l'Il follow thee, and make a heaven of hell, To die upon the hand 1 love so well. jE~M?~ Z~~rM~ and Helena. Obe. Fare thee well, nymph ere he do leave this grove, Thou shalt fly him, and he shall seek thy love.-Re-enter P@@~. Hast thou the flower there? Welcome, wanderer. P@~. Ay, there it is. Obe. 1 pray thee, give it me. 1 know a bank whereon the wild thyme blows, Where ox-lips and the nodding violet grows@ Quite over-canopied with lus@@@@h woodbine, With sweet musk-roses, and with eglantine There sleeps Titania, some time of@the night, Luil'd in these flowers with dances and delight And there the snake throws her ename@l'd skin, Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in And with the juice of this l'@H streak her eyes, And make her full of hateful fantasies. Take thou some of it, and seek through this grove A sweet Athenian lady is in love With a disdainful youth anoint his eyes But do it, when the next thing he espies May be the lady Thou shalt know the man By the Athenian garments he hath on. Effect it with some care@ that he may prove More fond on her, than she upon her love And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow. @@M. Fear not, my lord, your servant shall do so. 2~ ~CjE~jE III ANOTHER PART OF THE WOOD. Enter 7~~ train. 7~. Corne, now a roundel, and a fairy song Then, for the third part of a minute, hence Some, to kill cankers in the musk-rose buds@ Some, war with rear-mice for their leathern wings, To make my small elves coats@ and some, keep back The clamorous owl, that nightly hoots, and wonders At our quaint spirits@ Sing me now asleep Then to your offices, and let me rest. SONC. 1 Fai. ~M spotted snakes, with ~M~~ ~~ ~ T~cr~ hedge-hogs, be not seen @@@@@@and blind-worms, do no ~rc~g@ Come not near CM~ CHORUS. Plcilomel, @~~A melody, Sing in our sweet lullaby Z~ lulla, lulla, lulla, lullaby Never harm, nor@@@@@@ nor charm, Come our lovely lady @@@@@So, good night, zvith @@2Fa@i. Weaving @@@~~r@~ co@me not here Hence, you CMg' J~f~ hence Beetles black, z~c~ not nea@@@r@ nor snail, do no @@@~7Z~. Philomel, with melody, c. @@1 Hence, away@ now all i s well One, aloof, stand sentinel. Obe. What thou seest, when thou dost wake, Do it for thy true love take@ Love, and languish for his saké Be it ounce, or cat, or bear, Pard, or boar with bristled hair, In thy eye that shall appear When thou wak'st, it is thy dear Wake,'when some vile thing is near. @~r~. Enter Lysander and Hermia. Lys. Fair love, you faint with wandering in the wood And to speak troth, 1 have forgot our way We'@n rest us, Hermia, if you think it good, And tarry for the comfort of the day. II. CHORUS. jE'~M?z~ Fairies. Titania sleeps. Enter Oberon. ~M~Z~J ~Z~~ on y~M!~ ~6-Be it so, Lysander find you out a bed, For 1 upon this bank will rest my head. Lys. One turf shall serve as pillow for us both One heart, one bed, two bosoms, and one troth. @@@@Nay, good Lysander for my sake, my dear, Lie further off yet, do not lie so near. Lys. 0, take the sense, sweet, of my innocence@ Loves takes the meaning, in love's conference. 1 mean, that my heart unto yours is knit So that but one heart we can make of it Two bosoms interchained with an oath So then, two bosoms, and a single troth. Then, by your side no bed-room me deny For, lying so, Hermia, 1 do not lie. Her. Lysander riddles very prettily Now much beshrew my manners and my pride, If Hermia meant to say, Lysander lied. But, gentle friend, for love and courtesy Lie further off in human modesty@ Such separation, as, may well be said, Becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid@ So far be distant and@ good night, sweet friend Thy love ne'er alter, till thy sweet life end! Lys. Amen, amen, to that fair prayer, say 1 And then end life, when 1 end loyalty@ Here is my bed sleep give thee all his rest! Her. With half that wish the wisher's eyes be prefs'd!@@@@@ sleep. r, !m! ~I r' II, ~ 'f'' I~ I ~t! r ' I II'IIIII III!I 'l' '111 ¡ IIIU Jlil iI,!P lllli'liii,lI ¡'¡II'1!III¡¡~I¡I .1 '1IIIII ql l!ll!flllllll!¡ IIIIIII t 'i'111i11i~~III 'I i I' I I ti~ 'L' I~' i l' W'III' ' t! .j'f.wj! ?.' Ï l' Jf..IT ~rJi¡~~fir ,¡ 1 1 , ', ,.rA'A ~iff 1'1 ¡ Il ,¡II¡' ,¡ ¡I III' l,' j ~y. !f~ y' ~w ' .J~ ¡ ~ - . r'y, J ! ~yj~ Enter Puck. ~M~. Through the forest have 1 gone, But Athenian found 1 none, On whose eyes 1 might approve This flower's force in stirring love. Night and silence@ who is here? Weeds of Athens he doth wear This is he, my master said, Despised the Athenian maid And here the maiden, sleeping sound, On the dank and dirty ground. Pretty soul@ she durst not lie Near this lack-love,@@@@@ kill-courtesy. Churl, upon thy eyes 1 throw Ail the power this charm doth owe@ When thou wak'st, let love forbid Sleep his seat on thy eye-lid. So awake, when 1 am gone For 1 must now to Oberon. @@2M. Enter Demetrius and Helena, running. @7~ Stay, though thou kill me, sweet Demetrius. Dem. 1 charge thee, hence, and do not haunt me thus. @@@@0, wilt thou darkling leave me? do not so. Dem. Stay, on thy péril 1 alone will go. ~MZ~~M~. 7~ 0, 1 am out of breath, in this fond chase@ The more my prayer, the lefser is my grace. Happy is Hermia, wheresoe'er she lies For she hath ble@fsed, and attractive eyes. How came her eyes so bright? Not with salt tears If so, my eyes are oft@ner wash'd than hers. No, no, 1 am as ugly as a bear For beasts that meet me, run away for fear Therefore, no marvel, though Demetrius Do, as a monster, fly my presence thus. What wicked and difsembling glafs of mine Made me compare with Hermia's sphery eyne?-But who is here? Lysander@ on the ground@ Dead? or asieep? 1 see no blood, no wound -Lysander, if you live, good sir, awake. Lys. A@@@@n@@@@d run through fire 1 will, for thy sweet sake. ~~g'. Transparent Helena@ Nature hère shows art, That through thy bosom makes me see thy heart. Where is Demetrius ? 0, how fit a word Is that vile name, to perish on my sword! Hel. Do not say so, Lysander say not so What though he love your Hermia? Lord, what though? Yet Hermia still loves you then be content. Lys. Content with Hermia ? No 1 do repent The tedious minutes 1 with her have spent. Not Hermia, but Helena 1 love Who will not change a raven for a dove ? The will of man is by his reason sway'd And reason says you are the worthier maid. Things growing are not ripe until their season So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason And touching now the point of human skill, Reason becomes the marshal to my will, And leads me to your eyes@ where 1 o'erlook Love's stories, written in love's richest book. @J~ Wherefore was 1 to this keen mockery born ? When, at your hands, did 1 deserve this scorn? Is't not enough, is't not enough, young man, That 1 did never, no, nor never can, Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius' eye, But you must flout my insuf@Eciency? Good troth, you do me wrong, good sooth, you do, In such disdainful manner me to woo. But fare you well perforce 1 must confels, 1 thought you lord of more true gentlene@~. 0, that a lady, of one man refus'd, Should, of another, therefore be abus'd! jË'~7. Lys. She sees not Hermia -Hermia, sleep thou there And never may'st thou corne Lysander near! For, as a surfeit of the sweetest things The deepest loathing to the stomach brings@ Or, as the heresies, that men do leave, Are hated most of those they did deceive@ So thou, my surfeit, and my heresy, Of all be hated@ but the most of me@ And@ all my powers, addrefs your love and might, To honour Helen, and to be her knight@ 2'M. 7~ ~y~ Help me, Lysander@ help me! do thy best, To pluck this crawling serpent from my breast! Ah me, for pity!-what a dream was hère? Lysander, look, how 1 do quake with fear Methought, a serpent eat my heart away, And you sat smiling at his cruel prey@ Lysander@ what, remov'd? Lysander! lord! What@ out of@hearing? gone? no sound, no word? Alack, where are you? speak, an if you hear Speak, of all loves@ 1 swoon almost with fear. No a then 1 well perceive you are not nigh Either death, or you@, ni find immediately. jE'~7. C 7 III ~CjE~ THE SAME. THE QUEEN 0F FAIRIES LYING ASLEEP. Enter Snug, Bottom, ~M~ ~ ?M~ and Starveling. Bot. Are we all met ? Quin. Pat, pat and here's a marvellous convenient place for our rehearsal@ This green plot shall be our stage, this hawthorn brake our tyring-house and we will do it in action, as we will do it before the duke. Bot. Peter Quince,-@@9m~. What say'st thou, bully Bottom @@? There are things in this comedy of ~'r~~ and that will never please. First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill him@self which the ladies cannot abide. How answer you that? Snout. By'r@lakin, a parlous fear. Star. 1 believe, we must leave the killing out, when all is done. Bot. Not a whit 1 have a device to make all well. Write me a prologue and let the prologue seem to say, we will do no harm with our swords and that Pyramus is not kill'd indeed and, for thé more better afsurance, tell them, that @1 Pyramus@ am not Pyramus, but Bottom the weaver This will put them out of fear. Quin Well, we will have such a prologue and it shall be written in eight and six. @@@@No, make it two more let it be writ@ten in eight and eight. @@@@@@Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion ? Star. 1 fear it, 1 promise you. ~c~. Masters, you ought to consider with yourselves to bring in, God shield us@ a lion among ladies, is a most dreadful thing for there is not a more fearful wild-fowl than your lion, living and we ought to look to it. @@@@@@Therefore, another prologue must tell, he is not a lion. @@@@Nay@ you must name his name, and half his face must be seen through the lion's neck and he himself must speak through, saying thus, or to the same détecta-@Ladies@~ @or @fair ladies, 1 would wish you,@ or, 1 would request you,@ or, 1 would entreat you, @not to fear, not to tremble my life for yours. If you think 1 come hither as a lion, it were pity of my life No@ 1 am no such thing 1 am a man as other men are @-and there, in@deed, let him name his name@ and tell them plainly, he is Snug the joiner. @@@@@Well, it shall be so. But there is two hard things that is, to bring the moon-light into a chamber for@ you know, Pyramus and Thisby meet by moon-light. Sn@ug. Doth the moon shine, that night we play our play@@@? A calendar, a calendar@ look in the almanack find out moon-shine, find out moon-shine. @@@@@Yes, it doth shine that night. Bot. Why, then you may leave a casement of the great chamber window, where we play, open@ and the moon may shine in at the casement. Quin. Ay or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lant@ern, and say, he cornes to disfigure, or to present, the person of moon-shine. Then, there is another thing we must have a wall in the great chamber for Pyramus and Thisby, says the story, did talk through the chink of a wall. Sn@ug. You can never bring in a wall.-What say you, Bottom? Bot. Some man or other must present wall and let him have some plaster, or some lome, or some rough-cast about him, to signify wall @or let him hold his fingers thus, and through that cranny shall Pyramus and Thisby whisper. Quin. If that may be, then all is well. Corne, sit down, every mother's son, and re@hearse your parts. Pyramus, you begin when you have spoken your speech, enter into that brake and so every one according to his cue. Enter P~c~ behind. P@~. What hempen home-spuns have we swaggering here, So near the cradle of the fairy queen ? What, a play toward? I'll be an auditor An actor too, perhaps, if 1 see cause. Quin. Speak, Pyramus -Thisby, stand forth. Pyr. T~M~ the flowers of odious savours m' ~M~. Odours, odours. Pyr. -c~M~ savours sweet @@~~A@@ thy breath, my dearest T@@~M~ dear. But, hark, a voice!@@@@@ thou but here a while,@@@@@@@ and by I will to thee appear. ~ A stranger Pyramus than e'er play'd here! ~j~jË' 7~ Must 1 speak now? ~Mi~. Ay, marry, must you for you must understand, he goes but to see a noise that he heard, and is to corne again. This. Most radiant Pyramus, most Qf colo@@@@ur the red rose on ~M brier, Most ~M~M~ and ~ ? most ~ As true as truest horse, that yet would never tire, 7 meet Pyramus, at ~j ~?~. ~M~. Ninus' tomb,@ mari Why@ you must not speak that yet that you answer to Pyramus you speak all your part at once, eues and ail.-Pyramus enter your eue is past it is, never 7~ FMC~ and Bottom !~i! an afs's head. 77~. 0, M ~M~~ horse, tlcat yet !~M~ never tire. Pyr. 7~ 7lM~ ?~ ~M~. O monstrous O strange we are haunted. Pray, masters fly, masters help jE'.m~ Clowns. P~. l'il follow you, I'll lead you about a round, Through bog, through bush, through brake, through brier Sometime a horse @Fil be, sometime a hound, A hog, a headlefs bear, sometime a fire And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn, Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn. @@jE' Bot. Why do they run away? this is a knavery of them, to make me afeard. Re-enter Snout. 0 Bottom, thou art changed! what do 1 see on thee ? Bot. What do you see ? you see an afs' head of your own@ Do you? Re-ent-er Ouince. Quin. Blels thee, Bottom@ blels thee@ thou art trans-lated. @@jE' Bot. 1 see their knavery this is to make an afs of me to fright me, if they could. But 1 will not stir from this place, do what they can 1 will walk up and down hère, and 1 will sing, that they shall hear 1 am not afraid. sings. 7~ CM~-CCC~ so ~~Z~ C~7~ bill, 7~~ throstle with his note so 7~ ~~yz with little ~M~7 71~. What angel wakes me from my flowery bed? i~ Bot. 7~c ~ the sparrozo, and the lark, The ~m-g' cMc~ ? gray, @@~c~ note full many a man doth mark, And dares not y~ for, indeed, who would set his wit to so foolish a bird ? who would give a bird the lie, though he cry, cuckoo, never so? 7z' 1 pray thee, gentle mortal, sing again Mine ear is much enamour'd of thy note, So is mine eye enthralled to thy shape And thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me, On the first view, to say, to swear, 1 love thee. Bot. Methinks, mistrefs, you should have little reason for that And yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company to@gether now-a-days The more the pity, that some honest neighbours will not maloe them friends. Nay, 1 can gleek, upon occasion. @@7~ Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful. Bot. Not so, neither but if I had wit enough to get out of this wood, 1 have enough to serve mine own turn. @7~. Out of this wood do not desire to go Thou shalt remain here@ whether thou wilt or no. 1 am a spirit, of no common rate The summer still doth tend upon my state, And 1 do love thee therefore, go with me l'il give thee fairies to attend on thee@ And they sliall fetch thee jewels from thé deep, And sing, while thou on prefsed flowers dost sleep And 1 will purge thy mortal grofsnefs so, That thou shalt like an airy spirit go.-Peas-blofsom! Cobweb! Moth! and@Mustard-seed! 1 Fai. Ready. AndL ~z. AndI. 4 Fai. Where shall we go@@@@? Be kind and courteous to this gentleman Hop in his@walks, and gambol@in@his eyes Feed him with apricocks, and dewberries, With purple grapes, green figs, and mulberries The honey-bags steal from the humble-bees, And, for night tapers, crop their waxen thighs, And light them at thé fiery glow-worm's eyes, To have my love to bed, and to arise And pluck thé wings from painted bntterflies, To fan the moon-beams from his sleeping eyes Nod to him, elves, and do him courtesies. 1 Fai. Hail, mortal! 2 Fai. Hail Hail! 4~ Hail! Bot. 1 cry your worship@s mercy, heartily.-I be@seech, your worship's name ? Cob. Cobweb. jS~. 1 shall desire you of more acquaint@ance, good mas-ter Cobweb If 1 eut my finger, 1 shall make bold with you.-Your name, honest gentleman? Peas. Peas-blofsom. @@@@1 pray you, commend me to mistrefs Squash, your jE~r~M~ j~M~y. mother, and to master Peascod, your father. Good master Peas-blofsom,@I@shall desire you of more acquaintance too. -Your name, 1 beseech you, sir? ~ j. Mustard-seed. Bot. Good master Mustard-seed, 1 know your patience well that same cowardly, giant-like, ox-beef hath de-voured many a gentleman of your house 1 promise you, your Idndred hath made my eyes water ere now. 1 desire you@ more acquaintance, good master Mus@tard-seed. @7~. Corne, wait upon him lead him to my bower. The nioon, methinks, looks with a wat'ry eye And when she weeps, weeps every little flower, Lamenting some enforced chastity. Tie up my love's tongue, bring him silently. jË~ c~~ II ANOTHER PART OF THE WOOD. Enter Oberon. Obe. 1 wonder, if Titania be awak'd Then, what it was that next came in her eye, Whicli she must dote on in extremity. Enter @@@~M Here comes my mefsenger.-How now, mad spirit? What night-rule now about this haunted grove ? Puclc. My mistrefs with a monster is in love. Near to her close and consecrated bower, While she was in her dull and sleeping hour, A crew of patches, rude mechanicals, That work for bread upon Athenian stalls, Were met together to rehearse a play, Intended for great Theseus' nuptial day. The shallowest thick-skin of that barren sort, Who Pyramus presented, in their sport Forsook his scene, and enter'd in a brake When 1 did him at this advantage take, An afs's nowl 1 fixed on his head Anon, his Thisbe must be answered, And forth my mimic comes@ When they him spy, As wild geese that the creeping fowler eye, Or rufset-pated choughs, many in sort, Rising and cawing at the gun's report@ Sever themselves, and madly sweep the sky@ So, at his sight, away his fellows fly And, at our stamp, here o'er and o'er one falls He murder cries, and help from Athens calls. Their sense, thus weak, lost with their fears, thus strong, Made senselefs things begin to do them wrong For briers and thorns at their apparel snatch Some, sleeves@ some, hats@ from yielders all things catch. 1 led them on in this distracted fear, And left sweet Pyramus translated there When in that moment@ so it came to pafs, Titania wak'd, and straightway lov'd an afs. Obe. This falls out better than 1 could devise. But hast thou yet latch'd the Athenian's eyes With the love-juice, as 1 did bid thee do? Puck. 1 took him sleeping,-that is finish'd too,@ And the Athenian woman by his side That, when he wak'd, of force she must be ey'd. Enter Z~~y~j and Hermia. Obe. Stand close this is the same Athenian. PM i. This is the woman, but not this the man. ~y~. 0, why rebuke you him that loves you so? Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe. Her. Now 1 but chide, but 1 should use thee worse@ For thou, 1 fear, hast given me cause to curse. If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep, Being o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep, And kill me too. The sun was not so true unto thé day, As he to me Would he have stol'n away From sleeping Hermia? l'Il believe as soon, This whole earth may be bor'd and that the moon May through the center creep, and so displease Her brother's noon-tide with thé Antipodes. It cannot be, but thou hast murder'd him So should a murderer look@ so dead, so grim. Dem. So should thé murder'd look@ and so should I, Pierc'd through the heart with your stern cruelty Yet you, thé murderer, look as bright, as clear, As yonder Venus in her glimmering sphere. 7~. What's this to my Lysander? where is he? Ah, good Demetrius, wilt thou give him me? Dem. 1 had rather give his carcase to rny hounds. Her. Out, dog! out, cur! thou driv'st me past the bounds Of maiden's patience. Hast thou slain him@ then? Henceforth be never number'd among men! 0' once tell true, tell true, even for my sake@ Durst thou have look'd upon him, being awake, And hast thou ki@lFd him sleeping? 0 brave touch! Could not a worm, an adder, do so much? An adder did it for with doubler tongue Than thine, thou serpent, never adder stung. Dem. You spend your pafsion on a mispris'd mood 1 am not guilty of Lysander's blood Nor Is he dead, for aught that 1 can tell. Her. 1 pray thee, tell me then that he is well. ~ M. An if 1 could, what should 1 get therefbrc ? Her. A privilege, never to see me more. And from thy hated presence part 1 so See me no more, whether he be dead or no. @@2~. Dem. There is no following her in this fierce vein Here, therefore, for a while 1 will remain. So sorrow~s heavinefs doth heavier grow For debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe Which now in some slight measure it will pay, If for his tender hère 1 make some stay. lies down. Obe. What hast thou done? thou hast mistaken quite, And laid thé love-juice on some true-love's sight Of thy misprision must perforce ensue Some true love turn'd, and not a false turn'd true. @@7~ Then fate o'er-rules@ that, one man holding troth, A million fail, confounding oath on oath. Obe. About the wood go swifter than the wind, And Helena of Athens look thou find Ail fancy-sick she is, and pale of cheer@ With sighs of love, that cost@ the fresh blood dear By some illusion see thou bring her here l'il charm his eyes, against she do appear. PM~. 1 go, 1 go look, how 1 go@ Swifter than arrow from the Tartar's bow. @@2~. Obe. Flower of this purple die, Hit with Cupid's archery, Sink iii apple of his eye! When his love he doth espy, Let her shine as gloriously As the Venus of the sky.-When thou wak'st, if she be by, Beg of her for remedy. Re-enter Puck. Puck. Captain of our fairy band, Helena is here at hand And the youth, mistook by me, Pleading for a lover's fee@ Shall we their fond pageant see? Lord, what fools these mortals be! Obe. Stand aside the noise they make, Will cause Demetrius to awake@@@@@@. Then will two, at once, woo one That must needs be sport alone And those things do best please me, That befa@l preposterously. Enter Lysander and Helena. Lys. Why should you think, that 1 should woo in scorn ? Scorn and derision never corne in tears Look@.when@I vow, I weep and vows so born, In their nativity all truth appears. How can these things in me seem scorn to you, Bearing the badge of faith, to prove them true? Hel. You do advance your cunning more and more. When truth kills truth, 0 devilish-holy fray! These vows are Hermia's~ Will you give her o'er? Weigh oath with oath, and you will nothing weigh Your vows, to her and me, put in two scales, Will even weigh@ and both as light as tales. Lys. 1 had no judg@ment, when to her 1 swore. Hel. Nor none, in my mind, now you give her o'er. Lys. Demetrius loves her, and he loves not you. Z~. 2ZM~ 0 Helen, goddefs, nymph, perfect, divine@ To what, my love, shall 1 compare thine eyne? Crystal is muddy. 0, how ripe in show Thy lips, those kifsing cherrics, tempting grow! That pure congealed white, high Taurus' snow, Fann'd with the eastern wind, turns to a crow, When thou hold'st up thy hand @0 let me kifs This princefs of pure white, this seal of blifs@ 0 spite 0 hell@ 1 see you all are bent To set against me, for your merriment. If you were civil, and knew courtesy, You would not do me thus much injury. Can you not hate me, as 1 know you do, But you must join, in souls, to mock me too? If you were men, as men you are in show, You would not use a gentle lady so To vow, and swear, and superpraise my parts, When, 1 am sure, you hate me with your hearts. You both are rivais, and love Hermia And now both rivais, to mock Helena A trim exploit, a manly enterprize, To conjure tears up in a poor maid's eyes, With your derision@ none, of noble sort, Would so offend a virgin@ and extort A poor soul's patience, all to make you sport. Lys. You are unkind, Demetrius be not so For you love Hermia this, you know, 1 know And here, with all good will, with all my heart, In Hermia's love 1 yield you up my part And yours of Helena to me bequeath, Whom 1 do love, and will do t@@o my death. 7~. Never did mockers waste more idle breath. Dem. Lysander, keep thy Hermia 1 will none If e'er 1 lov'd her, all that love is gone. My heart with her but, as guest-wise, sojourn'd@ And now to Helen it is home return'd, There to remain. Lys. Helen, it is not so. Dem. Disparage not the faith thou dost not know, Lest, to thy peril, thou aby it dear. Look, where thy love comes yonder is thy dear. Enter Hermia. Her. Dark night, that from thé eye his function takes, The ear more quick of apprehension makes Wherein it doth impair the seeing sense, It pays the hearing double recompence -Thou art not by mine eye, Lysander, found Mine ear, 1 thank it, brought me to thy sound. But why unkindly did'st thou leave me so? Lys. Why should he stay, whom love doth prefs to go? Her. What love could prefs Lysander from my sidc ? Lys. Lysander's love, that would not let him bide, Fair Helena@ who more engilds the night Than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light. Why seek'st thou me? could not this make thee know, The hate 1 bear thee made me leave thee so? Her. You speak not as you think it cannot be. Hel. Lo, she is one of@this confederacy! Now 1 perceive they have conjoin'd, all three, To fashion this false sport@ in spight of me. Injurious Hermia@ most ungrateful maid@ Have you conspir'd, have you with these contriv'd To bait me with this foui dérision? Is all the counsel that we two have shar'd, The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spent, When we have chid the hasty-footed time For parting us -0, and is all fbrgot? Ail school-days' friendship, childhood innocence ? We, Hermia, like two artificial gods, Have with our nee@lds created both one flower, Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, Both warbling of one song, both in one key@ As if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds, Had been incorporate. So we grew together, Like to a double cherry, seeming parted@ But yet a@ union in partition, Two lovely berries moulded on one stem So, with two seeming bodies, but one heart Two of the first, like coats in heraldry, Due but to one, and crowned with one crest. And will you rent our ancient love asunder, To join with men in scorning your poor friend ? It is not friendly, 'tis not maidenly Our sex, as well as 1, may chide you for it@ Though 1 alone do feel the injury. Her. 1 am amazed at your pafsionate words@ 1 scorn you not it seems that you scorn me. Hel. Have you not set Lysander, as in scorn, To follow me, and praise my eyes and face? And made your other love, Demetrius, Who éveil but now did spurn me with his foot, To call me goddefs, nymph, divine, and rare, Precious, celestial ? Wherefore speaks he this To her he hâtes ? and wherefore doth Lysander Deny your love, so rich within his soul, And tender me, forsooth, affection@ But by your setting on, by your consent What though 1 be not so in grace as you, So hung upon with love, so fbrtunate@ But miserable most, to love uniov'd? This you should pity, rather than despise. Her. 1 understand not what you mean by this. Hel. Ay, do, perséver, counterfeit sad looks, Make mo@@ws upon me when 1 turn my back Wink @at each other hold the sweet@jest up This sport, well carried, shall be chronicled. If you have any pity, grace, or manners, You would not make me such an argument. But, fare ye well 'tis partly mine own fault~ Which death, or absence, soon shall remedy. ~j. Stay, gentle Helena hear my excuse My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena! .? . 0 excellent! Her. Sweet, do not scorn her so. Dem. If she cannot entreat, 1 can compel. @Z~ Thou canst compel no more than she entreat Thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers.-Helen, 1 love thee by my life, 1 do I swear by that which 1 will lose for thee, To prove him false, that says 1 love thee not. Dem. 1 say, 1 love thee more than he can do. Lys. If thou say so, withdraw, and prove it too. @@@@Quick, come,-Her. Lysander, whereto tends all this ? Lys. Away, you Ethiop@! Dem. No, no, sir -he will Seem to break loose take on, as you would follow@ But yet corne not You are a tame man, go jL~. Hang off, thou cat, thou burr@ vile thing, let loose@ Or 1 will sliake thee from me, like a serpent. Her. Why are you grown so rude? what change is this, Sweet love ? jL~'j. Thy love ? out, tawny Tartar, out@ Out, loathed medicine! hated potion, hence! Her. Do you not jest ? 7~. Yes, 'sooth and so do you. Lys. Demetrius, 1 will keep my word with thee. @@@@1 would, 1 had your bond@ for, 1 perceive, A weak bond holds you I'll not trust your word. @@@@What, should 1 hurt her, strike her, kill her dead? Although 1 hate her, I'll not harm her so. Her. What, can you do me greater harm, than hâte ? Hate me! wherefbre? 0 me! what news, my love? Am not 1 Hermia ? Are not you Lysander ? 1 am as fair now, as 1 was erewhile. Since night, you lov'd me yet, since night, you left me Why, then you left me,-0, the gods forbid!-@In earnest, shall 1 say? Lys. Ay, by my life And never did desire to see thee more. Therefore, be out of hope, of question,@@@ doubt, Be certain, nothing truer 'tis no@jest, That 1 do hate thee, and love Helena. Her. Orne! you@juggler! you canker-blofsom@ You thief of love@ what, have you corne by night, And stol'n my love's heart from him? Hel. Fine, i@faith! p Have you no modesty, no maiden shame, No touch of@bashfulnels ? What, will you tear Impatient answers from my gentle tongue? Fye, fye! you counterfeit, you puppet, you! @@@@Puppet! why so? Ay, that way goes the game. Now I perceive that she hath made compare Between our statures, she hath urg' d her height And with her personage, her tall personage, Her height, forsooth, she hath prevail'd with him.-And are you grown so high in his esteem, Because 1 am so dwarfish, and so low ? How low am I, thou painted maypole? speak How low am 1 ? 1 am not yet so low, But that my nails can reach unto thine eyes. @@@@I pray you, though you mock me, gentlemen, Let her not hurt me 1 was never curst 1 have no gift at ail in shrewishnels 1 am a right maid for my cowardice Let her not strike me@ You, perhaps, may think, Because she@'s something lower than myself, That 1 can match her. Her. Lower! hark, again. @7~ Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me. 1 evermore did love you, Hermia, Did ever keep your counsels, never wrong'd you Save that, in love unto Demetrius, 1 told him of your stealth unto this wood@ He follow'd you for love, 1 follow'd him. But he hath chid me hence and threaten'd me To strike me, spurn me, nay, to kill me too And now, so you will let me quiet go, To Athens will 1 bear my folly back, And follow you no further Let me go You see how simple and how fond I am. Her. Why, get you gone Who is't that hinders you? j~ A foolish heart, that I leave here behind. Her. What, with Lysander? Hel. With Demetrius. ~j. Be not afraid she shall not harm thee, Helena. ~x. No, sir@ she shall not, though you take her part. jH~. 0, when she's angry, she is keen and shrewd@ She was a vixen, when she went to school And, though she be but little, she is fierce. @~r. Little@ again? nothing but @low@ and @little@?-Why will you suffer her to flout me thus? Let me come to her. Lys. Get you gone, you dwarf You minimus, of hind'ring knot-grafs made You bead, you acorn. Dem. You are too officious, In her behalf that scorns your services. Let her alone speak not of Helena Take not her part for@ if thou dost intend Never so little show of love to her, Thou shalt aby it. Lys. Now she holds me not Now follow, if thou dar'st, to try whose right, Or thine or mine, is most in Helena. Dem. Follow? nay, I'll go with thee, cheek by jole. @~~M~~ Lysander and ~fM~. 7~ You, mistrefs, all this coil is @long of@you Nay, go not back. 7~. I will not trust you, I@ Nor longer stay in your curst company. Your hands, than mine, are quicker for a fray@ My legs are longer though, to run away. @@jE' Her. 1 am amaz'd, and know not what to say. 2M~ ~Mr~~ Obe. This is thy négligence still thou mistak'st, Or else commi@t'st thy knaveries wilfully. jP~c~. Believe me, king of@shadows, 1 mistook. Did not you tell me, 1 should know the man By the Athenian garments he had on? And so far blamelefs proves my enterprize, That 1 have 'nointed an Athenian's eyes And so far am 1 glad it so did sort, As this their@jangling 1 esteem a sport. Obe. Thou see'st, these lovers seek a place to fight Hie therefore, Robin, overcast the night The starry welkin cover thou anon With drooping fog, as black as Acheron@ And lead these testy rivais so astray, As one come not within another's way. Like to Lysander sometime frame thy tongue, Then stir Demetrius up with bitter wrong And sometime rail thou like Demetrius And from each other look thou lead them thus, 'Till o'er their brows death-counterfeiting sleep With leaden legs and batty wings doth creep@ Then crush this herb into Lysander's eye Whose liquor hath this virtuous property, To take from thence all error, with his might, And make his eye-balls roll with wonted sight. When they next wake, all this derision Shall seem a dream, and fruitlels vision@ And back to Athens shall the lovers wend, With league, whose date till death shall never end. Whiles 1 in this affair do thee employ, l'Il to my queen, and beg her Indian boy And then 1 will her charmed eye release From monster's view, and all things shall be peace. PM~. My fairy lord, this must be done with haste@ For night's swift dragons cut the clouds full fast, And yonder shines Aurora's harbinger At whose approach, ghosts, wandering here and there, Troop home to church-yards damned spirits all, That in cross-ways and floods have burial, Already to their wormy beds are gone For fear lest day should look their shames upon, They wilfully themselves exile from light, And must for aye consort with black-brow'd night. Obe. But we are spirits of another sort 1 with the morning's love have oft made sport@ And, like a forester, the groves may tread, Even till the eastern gate, all fiery-red, Opening on Neptune with fair blefsed beams, Turns into yellow gold his salt-green streams. But, notwithstanding, haste make no delay We may effect this businefs yet ere day. ~M Oberon. ~M~. Up and down, up and down@ 1 will lead them up and down 1 am fear'd in field and town Goblin, lead them up and down, Here cornes one. Enter Lysander. Lys. Where art thou, proud Demetrius? speak thou now. PM~. Here, villain drawn and ready. Where art thou? Lys. 1 will be with thee straight. P@@M Follow me@ then@ To plainer ground. @jE~ Lysander, voice. Enter Demetrius. Lysander! speak again. Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled? Speak. In some bush ? Where dost thou hide thy head ? ~M~. Thou coward, art thou bragging to the stars, Telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars, And wilt not corne? Corne, recreant corne, thou child l'Il whip thee with a rod He is de@nl'd, That draws a sword on thee. Dem. Yea@ art thou there ? PM Follow my voice we'Il try no rnanhood hère. 2~ ?M~. Re-enter Lysander. Lys. He goes before me, and still dares me on When 1 corne where he calls, then he is gone. The villain is much lighter-heel'd, than I 1 follow'd fast, but faster he did fly That fallen am 1 in dark uneven way, And hère will rest me. Come, thou gentle day! ~ down. For if but once thou show me thy grey light, l'Il find Demetrius, and revenge this spit@@@@@@e@@. Re-enter jP~C~ and D~~6~ P~. Ho, ho! ho, ho! Coward, why com'st thou not? D@~ Abide me, if thou dar'st for well 1 wot, Thou runn'st before me, shifting every place@ And dar'st not stand, nor look me in the face. Where art thou ? ~z~. Corne hither t am here. Dem. Nay, then@ thou mock'st me. Thou shalt buy this dear, If ever 1 thy face by day-light see Now, go thy way. Faintnefs constraineth me To measure out my length on this cold bed. By day's approach look to be visited. lies down and sleeps. Enter Helena. Hel. 0 weary night, 0 long and tedious night, Abate thy hours@ shine, comforts, from the east@ That 1 may back to Athens, by day-light, From these that my poor company detest And, sleep, that sometime@ shuts up sorrow's eye, Steal me a while from mine own company. j~~j. PM~. Yet but three ? Corne one more Two of both kinds makes up four. Here she comes, curst, and sad -Cupid is a knavish lad, Thus to make poor females mad. Enter Hermia. Her. Never so weary, never so in woe, Bedabbled with the dew, and torn with briers@ 1 can no further crawl, no further go My legs can keep no pace with my desires. Here will 1 rest me, till the break of day. Heavens shield Lysander, if they mean a fray! lies down. PMC~. On the ground Gentle lover, remedy. Of thy former lady's eye And thé country proverb known@ That every man should take his own, In your waking shall be shown Thé man shall have his mare again, and all shall be well. 2M P~Z~M~M~ Helena, ~c. sleep. Sieep sound 111 apply To your eye, squeezing the juice on eye. When thou wak'st, Thou tak'st True delight In the sight Jack shall have Jill Nought shall go ill C T 7~ ~CjE JVJ? 7 THE SAME. Enter T~ZMM and ~c~c~~ j~ attending Oberon behind, z~ 7~. Come, sit thee down upon this flowery bed, While 1 thy amiable cheeks do coy, And stick musk-roses in thy sleck@ smooth head, And kifs thy fair large ears, my gentle joy. Bot. Where's Peas-blofsom? Peas. Ready. Bol. Scratch my head, Peas-blolsom.-Where's mon-sieur Cobweb ? Cob. Ready. Bot. Mo@nsieur Cobweb@ good mo@nsieur, get@@@@ your wea-pons in your hand, and kill me a red-hip@'d humble-bee on the top of a thistle and, good mo@nsieur, bring me the honey-bag. Do not fret yourself too much in the action, mo@nsieur and, good mo@nsieur, have a care the honey-bag break not 1 would be loath to have you over-flown with a honey-bag, signior.-Where's mo@nsieur Mustard-seed? Must. Ready. Bot. Give me your neif, mo@nsieur Mus@tard-seed. Pray you, leave your courtesy, good mo@nsieur. Must. What's your will? Bot. Nothing, good mo@nsieur, but to help cavalero Cob-web to scratch. 1 must to the barber's, monsieur for, methinks, 1 am mar@vellous hairy about the face and 1 am such a tender afs, if my hair do but tickle me, 1 must scratch. 71~. What, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love? Bot. 1 have a reasonable good ear in music@ let us have the tongs and the bones. @7~. Or, say, sweet love, what thou desir'st to eat. Bot. Truly, a peck of provender 1 could munch your good dry oats. Methinks, 1 have a great desire to a bottle of hay good hay, sweet hay, hath no fellow. 7'ita. 1 have a venturous fairy that shall seck The squirrel's hoard, and fetch thee new nuts. jSc~. 1 had rather have a handfui, or two, of dried peas. But, 1 pray you, let none of your people stir me 1 have an exposition of sleep come upon me. @7~. Sleep thou, and 1 will wind thee in my arms. Fairies, be gone, and be all ways away. So doth thé woodbine, the sweet honeysuckle, Gently entwist,-the female ivy so Enrings the barky fingers of the elm. 0, how 1 love thee! how 1 dote on thee! @@~y sleep. 6~7~ ~~C ?~. ~~y PMC~. Obe. Welcome, good Robin. See'st thou this sweet sight? Her dotage now 1 do begin to pity. For@ meeting her of late, behind the wood, Seeking sweet savours f@or this hateful fool, 1 did upbraid her, and fall out with her For she his hairy temples then had rounded With coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers And that same dew, which sometime on the buds Was wont to swell, like round and orient pearls, Stood now within the pretty flo@urets' eyes, Like tears, that did their own disgrace bewail. When I had, at my pleasure, taunted her, And she, in mild terms, begg'd my patience, 1 then did ask of her her changeling child Which straight she gave me, and her fairy sent To bear him to my bower in fairy land. And now 1 have thé boy, 1 will undo This hateful imperfection of her eyes. And, gentle Puck, take this transformed scalp From off the head of this Athenian swain That@ he awaking when the other do, May all to Athens back again repair And think no more of this night's accidents, But as the fierce vexation of a dream. But first 1 will release the fairy queen. Be, as thou wast wont to be ~M~~ ~j with an ~r~. See, as thou wast wont to see Dian's bud o'er Cupid's flower Hath such force and blefsed power. Now, my Titania wake you, my sweet queen. 71~. My Oberon@ what visions have I seen@ Methought, 1 was enamour'd of an afs. Obe. There lies your love. 7'ita. How came these things to pafs? 0, how mine eyes do loath@ his visage now! Obe. Silence, a while.-Robin, take off this @@head.-Titania, music call and strike more dead Than common sleep, of all these five the sense. @7~. Music, ho! music@ such as charmeth sleep. Puck. Now, when thou wak'st, with thine own fool's eyes peep. Obe. Sound, music. ~7 music. Come, my queen, take hands with me, And rock th.e ground whereon these sleepers be. Now thou and 1 are new in amity@ And will, to-morrow midnight, solemnly, Dance in duke Theseus' house triumphandy, And ble~s it to all fair p@osterity There shall the pairs of@faithfui levers be Wedded, with Theseus, all in jollity. P@~. Fairy Idng, attend, and mark 1 do hear the morning lark. Obe. Then, my queen, in silence sad, Trip we after thé night's shade We thé globe can compals soon, Swifter than thé wand'ring moon. @7~. Corne, my lord@ and in our flight, Tell me how it came this night, That 1 sleeping here was found, With these mortals, on the ground. j6'~M~. ~C~J ~M ~ !M. Enter T~~M~ jM~c~~ Egeus, and train. 7~. Go, one of you, find out the fbrester For now our observation is perform'd And since we have the vaward of the day, My love shall hear the music of my hounds. Uncouple in the western valley go -Despatch, 1 say, and find the fbrester.-We will, fair queen, up to the mountain's top, And mark the musical confusion Of hounds and echo in conjunction. @@@@1 was with Hercules, and Cadmus, once, When in a wood of Crete they bay'd the bear With hounds of Sparta never did 1 hear Such gallant chiding for, besides the grèves, The skies, the fountains, every region near Seem'd@a@@Hone@mutual@cry 1 never heard So musical a discord, such sweet thunder. 7~. My hounds are bred out of the Spartan kind, So flew'd, so sanded@ and their heads are hung With ears that sweep away the morning dew Crook-knee'd, and dew-lapp'd like Thefsalian bulls Slow in pursuit, but match'd in mouth like bells, Each under each. A cry more tuneable Was never holla'd to, nor cheer'd with horn, In Crete, in Sparta, nor in Thefsaly Judge.when@you@hear.-But, soft@ what nymphs are these? Ege. My lord, this is my daughter here asleep And this, Lysander this Demetrius is This Helena, old Nedar's Helena 1 wonder of their being hère together. 71~. No doubt, they rose up early, to observe The rite of May@ and, hearing our intent, Came here in grace of our solemnity. But, speak, Egeus is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice ? jE~. It is, my lord. 7~. Go, bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns. Horns, and shout@ within. Demetrius, Lysander, ~WM~ and Helena, wake and start M~. 7~ Good-morrow, friends. Saint Valentine is past Begin these wood-birds but to couple now? Z~. Pardon, my lord. ~ and the rest kneel to 77~~MJ. 7~ 1 pray you all, stand up. 1 know, you two are rival enemies How cornes this gentle concord in the world, That hatred is so far from@jealousy, To sleep by hate, and fear no enmity? ~j. My lord, 1 shall reply amazedly, Half 'sleep, half waking But as yet, 1 swear, 1 cannot truly say how 1 came here But, as 1 think, for truly would 1 speak,-And now 1 do bethink me, so it is@@ 1 came with Hermia hither our intent Was, to be gone from Athens, where we might be Without the péril of the Athenian law. j~. Enough, enough, my lord you have enough 1 beg the law, the law, upon his head.-They would have stol'n away, they would, Demetrius, Thereby to have defeated you and me@ You, of@your wife and me, of my consent@ Of@my consent that she should be your wife. @@@@My lord, fair Helen told me of their stealth, Of this their purpose hither, to this wood And 1 in fury hither fbilow'd them@ Fair Helena in fancy following me. But, my good lord, 1 wot not by what power,@ But by some power it is, my love to Hermia, Melted as doth thé snow, seems to me now As the remembrance of an idle gawd, Which in my childhood 1 did dote upon And all the faith, the virtue of my heart, The object, and the pleasure of mine eye, Is only Helena. To her, my lord, Was 1 betroth'd ere 1 saw Hermia But, like in sicknels, did 1 loath@ this food But, as in health, corne to my natural taste, Now do 1 wish it, love it, long for it, And will for evermore bc true to it. 7~. Fair lovers, you are fortunately met Of this discourse we more will hear anon.-Egeus, 1 will overbear your will For in the temple, by and by@ with us, These couples shall eternally be knit. And, for the morning now is something worn, Our purpos'd hunting shall be set aside.-Away, with us, to Athens Three and three, We'Il hold a feast in great solemnity.-Corne, Hippolyta. ~~M~~ T~~M~ 7~C~~ Egeus, and train. Dem. These things seem small, and undistinguishable, Like far-off mountains turned into clouds. Her. Methinks, 1 see these things with parted eye, When every thing seems double. 7~. So methinks And 1 have found Demetrius like a jewel, Mine own, and not mine own. Z~. It seems to me, That yet we sleep, we dream.-Do not you think, The duke was here, and bid us follow him? Her. Yea and my father. Hel. And Hippolyta. @@@@And he did bid us follow to the temple. Dem. Why@ then, we are awake let's follow him And, by the way, let us recount our dreams. jE'~M~. As they go CM~ Bottom ~~J. Bol. When my cue comes, call me, and 1 will answer -my next is, @Most fair Pyramus.@ He@y, ho!-Péter Quince! Flute, the bellows-mender! Snout, the tinker! Star@veling! God's my life! stolen hence, and left me asleep! 1 have had a most rare vision. 1 have had a dream, past the wit of@man to say what dream it was Man is but an afs, if he go about to expound this dream. Methought 1 was-there is no man can tell what. Me@thought 1 was, and methought 1 had,-But man is but a patch'd fool, if he will offer to say what methought 1 had. The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen@ man~s hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was. 1 will get Peter Quince to write a ballad of this dream it shall be call' d Bottom's Dream, because it hath no bottom and 1 will sing it in the latter end of a play, be@fore the duke Per-adventure, to make it the more gracious, 1 shall sing it at her death. @j~M. SCENE Il ATHENS. A ROOM IN Q.UINCE'S HOUSE. Enter ~m~ V~M~ Snout, and ~y~ Quin. Have you sent to Bottom's house? is he come home yet ? Star. He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt, he is transported. Flu. If he come not, then the play is marr'd It goes not forward, doth it? 9~. It is not pofsible you have not a man in all Athens, able to discharge Pyramus, but he. ~M. No@ he hath simply the best wit of any handycraft man in Athens. @@@@@Yea, and the best person too and he is a very paramour, for a sweet voice. ~?z . You must say, paragon a paramour is, God biefs us@ a thing of nought. Enter Snug. Snug. Masters, the duke is coming from the temple, and there is two or three lords and ladies more married if our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men. Flu. 0 sweet bully Bottom@ Thus hath he lost six-pence a-day during his life he could not have 'scaped six-pence a-day an the duke had not given him six-pence a-day for playing Pyramus, 1~11 be hang'd he would have deserv'd it six-pence a-day, in Pyramus, or nothing. Enter Bottom. Bot. Where are these lads ? where are these hearts ? ~M~z. Bottom!-0 most courageous day! 0 most happy hour! Bot. Masters, 1 am to discourse wonders but ask me not what for, if 1 tell you, 1 am no true Athenian. 1 will tell you every thing, right as it fell out. ~M~. Let us hear, sweet Bottom. Bot. Not a word of me. Ail that 1 will tell you, is, that the duke hath dined@ Get your apparel together@ good strings to your beards, new ribbons to your pumps meet presently at the palace every man look o'er his part for, the short and the long is, our play is pre@ferr'd. In any case, let Thisby have clean linen and let not him, that plays the lion, pare his nails, for they shall hang out for the lion's claws. And, most dear actors, eat no onions, nor garlick, for we are to utter sweet breath and 1 do not doubt but to hear them say, it is a sweet coniedy. No more words away@ go, away. ~~M~. C 5'CJ?~ THE SAME. AN APARTMENT IN THE PALACE OF THESEUS. Enter 77~m~ T~ c~~ Philostrate, Lords, and Attendants. jH~. 'Tis strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak of. 7~. More strange than true. 1 never may believe Thèse antique fables, nor these fairy toys. Lovers, and madmen, have such seething brains, Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends. The lunatick, the lover, and the poet, Are of imagination all compact One sees more devils than vast hell can hold@ That is, the madman thé lover, all as frantick, See's Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt The poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling, Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven And, as imagination bodies forth Thé forrns of things unknown, the poet's pen Turns them to shapes, and gives to airy nothing A local habitation, and a name. Such tricks hath strong imagination@ That, if it would but apprehend some joy, It comprehends some bringer of that joy 9 Or, in the night, imagining some fear, How easy is a bush suppos'd a bear? @@@@But all the story of the night told over, And all their minds transfigur'd so together, More witnelseth than fancy's images, And grows to something of gréât constancy But, howsoever, strange, and admirable. Enter Lysander, Demetrius, and Helena. 7~. Here corne the lovers, full of joy and mirth. Joy, gentle friends joy, and fresh days of love, Accompany your hearts@ Z~j. More than to us Wait on your royal walks, your board, your bed@ 7~. Corne now what mas@@ks, what dances shall we have, To wear away this long age of three hours, Between our after-supper, and bed-time? Where is our usual manager of mirth ? What revels are in hand ? Is there no play, To ease the anguish of a torturing hour ? Call Philostrate. Philost. Here, mighty Theseus. The. Say, what abridg@ment have you for this evening? What mask ? what music ? How shall we beguile The lazy time, if not with some delight? Philost. There is a brief, how many sports are ripe Make choice of which your highnefs will see first. ~~ a ~~r. 7~. reads. 7~~ !A the C~ sung x z~~M~ eunuch to the @@M~.@ We'11 none of that that have 1 told my love, In glory of my Idnsman Hercules. 7~ riot Bacchanals, T~m~ the T~~c~ singer in @@~'r rage.@ That is an old device and it was play'd When 1 from Thebes came last a conqueror. 7~~ thrice three Muses @@~~M~~ death ~z~ z~ late deceas'd in beggary.@ That is some satire, keen, and critical, Not sorting with a nuptial ceremony. ~'c~ brief scene qf'young Pyramus@@@@@, love T M'j~ very tragical ntirth.@ Me@ny and tragical? Tedious and brief? That is, hot ice, and wonderous strange snow. How shall we find the concord of this discord? Plailost. A play there is, my lord, some ten words long@ Which is as brief as 1 have known a play But by ten words, my lord, it is too long@ Which makes it tedious for in all the play There is not one word apt, one player fitted. And tragical, my noble lord, it is For Pyramus therein doth kill himself. Which, when 1 saw rehears'd, 1 must confefs, Made mine eyes water but more merry tears The pafsion of loud laughter never shed. @@@@What are they, that do play it? Philost. Hard-handed men, that work in Athens here, Which never labour'd in their minds till now@ And now have toil'd their unbreath'd memories With this same play, against your nuptial. @@@@And we will hear it. Philost. No, my noble lord, It is not for you 1 have heard it over, And it is nothing, nothing in the world Unlefs you can find sport in their intents, Extremely stretch'd, and conn'd with cruel pain, To do you service. 7~. 1 will hear that play For never any thing can be amifs, When simplenefs and duty tender it. Go, bring them in -and take your places, ladies. Exit Philostrate. @@@@1 love not to see wretchednefs o'ercharg'd, And duty in his service perishing. 7~. Why, gentle sweet, you shall see no such thing. @@@@He says, they can do nothing in this kind. 7~. The kinder we, to give them thanks for nothing. Our sport shall be, to take what they mistake And what poor duty cannot do, Noble respect takes it in might, not merit. Where 1 have corne, gréât clerks have purposed To greet me with premeditated welcomes Where 1 have seen them shiver, and look pale, Make periods in the midst of sentences, Throttle their practis'd accent in their fears, And, in conclusion, dumbly have broke off, Not paying me a welcome@ Trust me, sweet, Out of this silence, yet, 1 pick'd a welcome And in the modesty of fearful duty 1 read as much, as from the rattling tongue Of saucy and audacious eloquence. Love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity, Iii least, speak most, to my capacity. Enter Philostrale. Philost. So please your grace, the prologue is addre@s@t. @@7~ Let him approach. ~MW~ ? ~n~~j. Enter Pn~M6. ProL ï~~ ?M~ good 7~ j~M ~~M~ z~~ come ~yz~ jS?~ g ?~ 7~ ~ ?~ our j~7~ 7' M ~X~ ~~M'~ C 'Ci! end. Cc~~r ~~y~ M~ come ~M~ in ?M~ come, as ~g C~ ~' ?~ Our ~n~ cr j 'c?~ delight, are 7~~ here. Tl~~M should here ~ ?~ 77~ ~c ~ are at 7~~ j~c~ 3~~ ~û~ all, ?M 77~. This fellow doth not stand upon points. @@@@He hath rid his prologue, like a rough colt he knows not the stop. A good moral, my lord It is not enough to speak, but to speak true. 7~. Indeed he hath play'd on this prologue, like a child on a recorder a sound, but not in gove@mment. 7~. His speech was like a tangled chaîna nothing impair'd, but all disordered. Who is next? Enter Pyramus, and T~M~ ~Mcc~ and Lion, as in dumb show. Prol. Gentles, perchance, you wonder at this show But wonder on, till truth make all things plain. This man is Pyramus, if you would know This beauteous lady Thisby is, certain. This man, with lime and rough-cast, doth present Wall, that vile wall which did these loyers sunder And through wall's chink, poor souls, they are content To whisper@ at thé which let no man wonder. This man, with lant@ern, dog, and bush of@thorn, Presenteth nioon-shine for, if you will know, By moon-shine did these levers think no scorn To meet at Ninus' tomb, there, there to woo. This grisly beast, which by name lion hight, Thé trusty Thisby, coming first by night, Did scare away, or rather did a@nright And, as she fled, her mantle she did fall@ Which lion vile with bloody mouth did stain@ Anon cornes Pyramus, sweet youth, and tall, And finds his trusty Thisby's mantle slain Whereat, with blade, with bloody blameful blade, He bravely broach'd his boiling bloody breast And, Thisby@ tarrying in mulberry shade, His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest, Let lion, moon-shine, wall, and lovers twain, At large discourse, while here they do remain. Exeunt Prologue, T~M~ Lion, and Moonshine. 7~6. 1 wonder, if the lion be to speak. Dem. No wonder, my lord one lion may, when many afses do. @~M. In this same interlude, it doth befall, That I, one Snout by name, present a wall And such a wall, as 1 would have you think, That had in it a cranny'd hole, or chink, Through which the lovers, Pyramus and Thisby, Did whisper often very secretly. This loam, this rough-cast, and this stone, doth show That 1 am that same wall the truth is so And this the cranny is, right and sinister, Throngh which the fearful lovers are to whisper. @@7 Would you desire lime and hair to speak better? Dem. It is the wittiest partition that ever 1 heard dis-course, my lord. 7~. Pyramus draws near the wall silence Enter Pyramus. Pyr. 0 grim-look'd night! 0 night with hue so black@ 0 night, which ever art, when day is not@ O ,night, 0 night, alack, alack, alack, 1 fear my Thisby's promise is fbrgot!-And thou, 0 wall, 0 sweet, 0 lovely wall, That stand'st between her father's ground and mine@ Thou wall, 0 wall, 0 sweet and lovely wall, Show me thy chink, to blink through with mine eyne. @@~~ holds M~ ~M~ Thanks, courteous wall Jove shield thee well for this! But what see I? No Thisby do 1 see. 0 wicked wall, through whom 1 see no blifs@ Curst be thy stones for thus deceiving me@ 7~. The wall, methinks, being sensible, should curse again. Pyr. No, in truth, sir, he should not. @De@ceiving me, is Thisby's eue she is to enter now, and 1 am to spy her through the wall. You shall see, it will fall pat as 1 told you -Yonder she cornes. Enter Thisbe. T~M. 0 wall, full often hast thou heard my .moans, For parting my fair Pyramus and me@ My cherry lips hâve often kifs'd thy stones@ Thy stones with lime and ha~r knit up in thee. Pyr. 1 see a voice now will 1 to the chink, To spy an 1 can hear my Thisby's face. ' Thisby! @@7~ My love! thou art@ my love, 1 think. @~r. Think what thou wilt, 1 am thy lover's grace And@ like Limander@ am 1 trusty still. @@7~ And 1 like Helen, till the fates me kill. P~f. Not Shafalus to Procrus was so true. @@7~ As Shafalus to Procrus, 1 to you. @@@@0, kifs me through the hole of this vile wall. @@7~ 1 kifs the wall's hole, not your lips at all. Pyr. ~Wilt@thou@at@Ninny's tomb meet me straightway? T@~M. Tide life, @tide death, 1 come without delay. ~x~. Thus have I, wall, my part discharged so And, being done, thus wall away doth go. Exeunt M~ and 77~ 7~. Now is thé mural down between thé two neigh-bours. Dem. No remedy, my lord, when walls are so wilful to hear without warning. @@@@This is the silliest stuff@that ever 1 heard. 7~6. The best in this kind are but shadows and the worst are no worse, if imagination amend them. 7~. It must be your imagination then, and not theirs. @7~ If we imagine no worse of them, than they of them-selves, they may pafs for excel@lent men. Here come two noble beasts in, a moon, and a lion. Enter Lion and Moonshine. jL c~. You, ladies, you, whose gentle hearts do fear The smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor, May now, perchance, both quake and tremble here, When lion rough in wildest rage doth roar. Then know, that I, one Snug the joiner, am A lion fell, nor else no lion's dam For@ if 1 should as lion come in strife Into this place, 'twere pity on my life. 7~. A very gentle beast, and of a good conscience. Dem. The very best at a beast, my lord, that e'er 1 saw. @Z~ This lion is a very fox for his valour. 7~. True and a goose for his discrétion. Dem. Not so, my lord for his valour can@not carry his discretion and the fox carries the goose. 7~6. His discrétion, 1 am sure, cannot carry his valour for thé goose carries not the fox. It is well leave it to his discretion, and let us listen to the moon. @@@@@This lant@ern doth the horned moon present @@@Dem. He should hâve worn the horns on his head. 7~. He is no crescent, and his horns are invisible within the circumfernece. ~c~. This lant@ern doth the horned moon present Myseif@the man i'@th@'moon do seem to be. @@7 This is the greatest error of all the rest the man should be put into the lant@ern@ How is it else the man i' the moon? Dem. He dares not corne there for tlie candie for, you see, it is already in snuff. @@@@I am aweary of this moon Would, he would change! The. It appears, by his small light of dis@crétion, tha~ he is in the wane but yet, in courtesy, in all reason, we must stay the time. Lys. Proceed, moon. Moon. Ail that 1 have to say, is, to tell you, that the lant@ern is the moon I, the man in the moon this thorn-bush, my thorn-bush and this dog, my dog. Dem. Why, all these should be in thé lan@t@ern for the@y are in the moon. But, silence@ here cornes Thisbe. 7~'j. This is old Ninny's tomb@ Where is my love@? Z~. ~Oh- 1 ~Z.M~y~ T~~yM~j~ Dem. Well roar'd, lion. 7~. Well run, Thisbe. @@@@Well shone, moon.-Truly, the moon shines with a good grace. 7~. Well mous'd, lion. Dem. And so comes Pyramus. Lys. And then the moon vanishes. r. Sweet moon, I thank thee for thy sunny beams 1 thank thee, moon, for shining now so bright For, by thy gracious, golden, glittering streams, 1 trust to taste of truest Thisby's sight. But stay -0 spite! But mark -Poor knight, What dreadful dole is here? Eyes, do you see? How can it be ? 0 dainty duck! 0 dear 1 Thy mantle good, What, stain'd with blood? Approach, ye furies fell! jEy~' 7~ ~ ? Lion tears 77~~ mantle, and ~'i!7. jE ~r Pyramus. ~Ofates! come, come@ Cut thread and thrum Quail, crush, conclude, and quell! @@7 This pafsion, and the death of a dear friend, would go near to make a@man look sad. 7~. Beshrew my heart, but 1 pity the man. Pyr. 0, wherefore, nature, didst thou lions trame? Since lion vile hath here deflo@ur'd my dear Which is-no, no-which was the fairest dame, That liv'd, that lov'd, that lik'd, that look'd, with cheer. Corne, tears, confound Out, sword, and wound The pap of Pyramus Ay, that left pap, Where heart doth hop Thus die I, thus, thus, thus. Now am I@dcad, Now am I@@Hed My soul is in the sky Tongue, lose thy light! Moon, take thy flight Now die, die, die, die, die. y. ~ ?~ No die, but an ace, for him for he is but one. Lys. Lefs than an ace, man for he is dead he is no-thing. 7~. With the help of a surgeon, he might yet recover, and prove an afs. ~ . How chance moonshine is gone, be@fore Thisbe cornes back and finds her lover? 7~. She will find him by star-light.-Hère she comes and her pafsion ends the play. Methinks, she should not use a long one, for such a Pyrarnus 1 hope, she will be brief. @j~ A moth. will turn the balance, which Pyramus, which Thisbe, is the better. Lys. She hath spied him already, with those sweet eyes. Z~?z. And thus she moans, ~c~ T~M. Asleep, my love? What, dead, my dove? 0 Pyramus, arise, Speak, speak. Quite dumb? Dead, dead? A tomb Must cover thy sweet eyes. These lily brows, This cherry nose, These yellow cowslip cheeks, Are gone, are gone Lovers, make moan His eyes were green as leeks. 0 sisters three, Corne, come, to me, With hands as pale as milk Lay them in gore, Since you have shore With shears his thread of silk. Enter 7 Tonguc, not a word -Come, trusty sword Come, blade, my breast imbrue And@ farewell, friends -Thus Thisby ends Adieu, adieu, adieu. ~' ?j'. 7~. Moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead. Dem. Ay, and wall too. Bot. No, 1 afsure you the wall is down that parted their fathers. Will it please you to see the epilogue, or to hear a Bergomask dance, between two of our company. 7~. No epilogue, 1 pray you for your play needs no excuse. Never excuse for when the players are all dead, there need none to be blamed. Marry, if he that writ it, had play'd Pyramus, and hang'd himself in Thisbe's gar-ter, it would have been a fine tragedy and so it is, truly and very notably discharg'd. But@ come, your Bergomask let your epilogue alone. ~?y ? dance of' clowns. The iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve Lovers, to bed 'tis almost fairy time. 1 fear, we shall out-sleep the coming morn, As much as we this night have overwatch'd. This palpable-grofs play hath well beguil'd The heavy gait of night.-Sweet friends, to bed.-A fortnight hold we this solemnity, In nightly revels, and new jollity. ~m~. C~~ 7 THE SAME. Enter ?M~. P@~. Now the hungry lion roars, And the wolf behowls the moon Whilst the heavy ploughman snores, A@U with weary task fordone. Now the wasted brands do glow, Whilst the scritch-owl, scritching loud, Puts the wretch, that lies in woe, In remembrance of a shroud. Now it is the time of night, That the graves, all gaping wide, Every one lets forth his sprite, In the church-way paths to glide And we fairies, that do run By the triple Hecat@'s team, From the presence of the suii, Following darkne~s like a dream, Now are frolick not a mouse Shall disturb this hallow'd house 1 am sent, with broom, before, To sweep the dust behind the door. Enter Oberon and 7~ ~z~ their train. 6~. Through this house give glimmering light, By the dead and drowsy fire Every elf, and fairy sprite, Hop as light as bird from brier And this ditty, after me, Sing, and dance it trippingly. @@71 First, rehearse this song by rote@ To each word a warbling note, Hand in hand, with fairy grace, Will we sing, and ble~s this place. SONG, AND DANCE. Obe. Now, until the break of day, Through this house each fairy stray. To the best bride-bed will we, Which by us shall blefsed be And the ifsue, there create, Ever shall be fortunate. So shall all the couples three Ever true in loving be And the blots of nature's hand Shall not in their ifsue stand Never mole, hare-lip, nor scar, Nor mark prodigious, such as are Despised in nativity, Shall upon their children be.-With this field-dew consecrate, Every fairy take his gait And each several chamber biefs, Through this palace, with sweet peace E'er shall it in safety rest, And the owner of it blesL Meet me all by break ofday. Puck. j~ A~~ c~ 7~~ ~z~ this, ~ ~~M y7~~ ?M M~ but ~M~W here, these ~HM~J did 7 ~M~ this and Z~ more but a dream, G~ ~c~ ~~A~ ~j~M ~~y~~ 7~ an ~M~ M~ ~M~ .A~ jc~~ the j~ tongue, !~i 7 ~6!~ X~ ~yzg.' the P~ ~r C~ good night M??~ J~CM G~ ~CMy ~?~~ shall ~J~~ fjE~ -.-F~-ow ~ ~~a~pMM ~f~ U-jB~ZAfM CO. Trip away Make no stay ~~MM~ C~ 7~ and train. ~7~ ~'
[ GS_aligned] ###################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### and other Attendants. ################ Solinus, to procure my fall@ And@ by the doom of death@ end woes and all. Duke.@Merchant of Syracuse, plead no more I am not partial@ to infringe our laws The enmity and discord@ which of late Sprung from the rancorous outrage of your duke To merchants, our well-dealing countrymen, Who@ wanting guilders to redeem their lives@ Have seal'd his rigorous statutes with their bloods, Excludes all pity from our threatening looks. For, since the mortal and intestine jars 'Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us, It hath in solemn synods been decreed, Both by the Syracusians and ourselves, To admit no traffic to our adverse towns Nay, more, If any@ born at Ephesus@ be seen At any Syracusian marts and fairs@ Again@ if any Syracusian born@ Come to the bay of Ephesus, he dies, His goods confiscate to the duke's dispose, Unless a thousand marks be levied, To quit the penalty@ and to ransom@ him. Thy substance, valued at the highest rate, Cannot amount unto a hundred marks Therefore@ by law thou art condemn'd to die. @AEge.@Yet this my comfort when your words are done, My woes end likewise with the evening sun. Duke.Well, Syracusian, say@ in brief@ the cause Why thou departed'st from thy native home And for what cause thou camest to Ephesus, AE@ge.@A heavier task could not have been imposed@ Than I to speak my griefs unspeakable Yet, that the world may witne@ss that my end Was wrought by nature, not by vile offence, I'll utter what my sorrows give@ me leave. In Syracusa was I born, and wed Unto a woman, happy but for me, And by me@@@@, had not our hap been bad. With her I lived in joy our wealth increased@ By prosperous voyages I often made To Epidamnum@ till my factor's death And the@ great care of goods at random left@ Drew me from kind embracements of my spouse From whom my absence was not six months old@ Before herself, almost at fainting@ under The pleasing punishment that women bear, Had made provision for her following me@ And soon@ and safe@ arrived where I was. There had she not been long@ but she became A joyful mother of two goodly sons And, which was strange, the one so like the other@ As could not be distinguish'd but by names. That very hour, and in the self-same inn, A @@@@@meaner woman was delivered Of such a burden, male twins, both alike Those,-for their parents were exceeding poor,-~I bought@ and brought up to attend my sons. My wife, not meanly proud of two such boys, Made daily motions for our home return Unwilling I agreed alas! too soon, We came aboard. A league from Epidamnum had we sail'@d, Before the always wind-obeying deep Gave any tragic instance of our harm But longer did we not retain much hope For what obscured light the heavens did grant Did but convey unto our fearful minds A doubtful warrant of immediate death Which@ though myself would gladly have embraced, Yet the incessant weepings of my wife, Weeping before for what she saw must co@me, And piteous plainings of the pretty babes, That mourn'd for fashion, ignorant what to fear, Forced me to seek delays for them and me. And this it was, for other means was none@ The sailors sought for safety by our boat, And left the ship, then sinking-ripe, to us My wife, more careful for the latter-born, Had fasten'd him unto a small spare mast, Such as seafaring men provide for storms To him one of the other twins was bound, Whilst I had been like heedful of the other@ The children thus disposed, my wife and I, Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fix'd, Fasten'd ourselves at either end the mast And floating straight, obedient to the stream, W@as carried towards Corinth, as we thought. At length the sun, gazing upon the earth, Dispersed those vapo@rs that offended us And, by the benefit of his wished light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us, Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this But ere they came,-O, let me say no more! Gather the sequel by that went before. Duke.@Nay, forward, old man@ do not break off so For we may pity, though not pardon thee. AEge.O, had the gods done so, I had not now Worthily term'd them merciless to us! For, ere the ships could meet by twice five leagues, We were encounter'd by a mighty rock Which being violently borne upon, Our helpful ship was splitted in the midst@ So that, in this unjust divorce of us, Fortune had left to both of us alike What to delight in, what to sorrow for. Her part, poor soul! seeming as burdened With lesser weight@ but not with lesser woe, Was carried with more speed before the wind And in our sight they three were taken up By fishermen of Corinth, as we thought. At length, another ship had seized on us@ And, knowing whom it was their hap to save, Gave healthful welcome to their shipwreck'd guests And would have reft the fishers of their prey, Had not their bark been very slow of sail@ And therefore homeward did they bend their course. Thus have you heard me sever'd from my bliss That by misfortunes was my life prolong'd, To tell sad stories of my own mishaps. Duke.@And, for the sake of them thou sorrowest for, Do me the favo@r to dilate at full What hath befall'n of them@ and thee@ till now. AEge.My youngest boy, and yet my eldest care, At eighteen years became inquisitive After his brother and importuned me@ That his attendant@-so@ his case was like, Reft of his brother, but retain'd his name-~Might bear him company in the quest of him Whom whilst I labo@r'd of a love to see, I hazarded the loss of whom I loved. Five summers have I spent in furthest Greece, Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia, And, coasting homeward, came to Ephesus Hopeless to find, yet loath to leave unsought@ Or that@ or any place that harbo@rs men. But here@ must end the story of my life And happy were I in my timely death, Could all my travels warrant me they live. Duke.@Hapless AEgeon, whom the fates have mark'd To bear the extremity of dire mishap! Now, trust me, were it not against our laws, Against my crown, my oath, my dignity, Which princes, would they, may not disannul, My soul should sue as advocate for thee. But, though thou art adjudged to the death@ And passed sentence may not be recall'@d@ But to our hono@r's great disparagement, Yet I will @@favo@r thee in what I can. Therefore, merchant, I'll limit thee this day@ To seek thy life by beneficial help Try all the friends thou hast in Ephesus Beg thou, or borrow, to make up the sum, And live if no@, then thou art doom'd to die @Gaoler, take him to thy custody. Gaol.@I will, my lord. AEge.Hopele@ss and helpless doth AEgeon wend, But to procrastinate his lifeless end. ####################################################### Syracuse, and ############################ give out@ you are of Epidamnum, Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate. This very day@ a Syracusian merchant Is apprehended for arrival here And@ not being able to buy out his life@ According to the statute of the town, Dies ere the weary sun set in the west. There is your money that I had to keep. Ant. S.Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host, And stay there, Dromio, till I co@me to thee. Within this hour it will be dinner-time Till that, I'll view the manners of the town, Peruse the traders, gaze upon the buildings, And then return@ and sleep within mine inn, For with long travel I am stiff and weary. Get thee away. Dro. S.@Many a man would take you at your word, And go indeed, having so good a #################### trusty villain, sir, that very oft, When I am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humo@r with his merry jests. What, will you walk with me about the town, And then go to my inn@ and dine with me First Mer.@I am invited, sir, to certain merchants, Of whom I hope to make much benefit I crave your pardon. Soon@ at five o'clock, Please you, I'@l meet with you upon the mart@ And afterward@ consort you till bed-time My present business calls me from you now. Ant. S.@Farewell till then I will go lose myself@ And wander up and down@ to view the city. Mer.@Sir, I commend you to your own content. ############# that commends me to mine own content@ Commends me to the thing I cannot get. I to the world am like a drop of water@ That in the ocean seeks another drop, Who, falling there to find his fellow forth, Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself So I, to find a mother@ and a brother, In quest of them, unhappy, lose myself. Enter #################### co@mes the almanac@ of my true date. What now@ how chance@ thou art return'd so soon@ Dro. E.@Return'd so soon! rather approach'd too late The capon burns, the pig falls from the spit, The clock hath strucken twelve upon the bell@ My mistress made it one upon my cheek She is so hot@ because the meat is cold The meat is cold@ because you co@me not home You co@me not home@ because you have no stomach You have no stomach@ having broke your fast But we@ that know what 'tis to fast and pray@ Are penitent for your default to-day. Ant. S.Stop in your wind, sir tell me this, I pray Where have you left the money that I gave youou Dro. E.O,-six@pence, that I had o' Wednesday last@ To pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper @The saddler had it, sir@ I kept it not. Ant. S.I am not in a sportive humo@r now Tell me, and dally not, where is the money@ We being stra@ngers here, how darest thou trust So great a charge from thine own custody@ Dro. @E.@I pray you, jest, sir, as you sit at dinner I from my mistress co@me to you in post If I return, I shall be post indeed, For she will score your fault upon my pate. Methinks@ your maw, like mine, should be your clock@ And strike you home without a messenger. ###### Dromio, co@me, these jests are out of season Reserve them till a merrier hour than this. Where is the gold I gave in charge to thee@ Dro. E.@To me, sir@ why, you gave no gold to me. Ant. S.Co@me on, sir knave, have done your foolishne@ss And tell me@ how thou hast disposed thy charge, Dro. E.@My charge was but to fetch you from the mart Home to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner My mistre@ss and her sister@ stays for you. Ant. S.Now, as I am a Christian, answer me@ In what safe place you have bestow'd my money, Or I shall break that merry sconce of yours@ That stands on tricks when I am undisposed Where is the thousand marks thou had@st of me@ Dro. @E.@I have some marks of yours upon my pate, Some of my mistress' marks upon my shoulders, But not a thousand marks between you both. If I should pay your worship those again, Perchance@ you will not bear them patiently. Ant. ############ marks@ what mistress, slave, hast thou Dro. @E.@Your worship's wife, my mistress at the Phoenix She that doth fast@ till you co@me home to dinner@ And prays@ that you will hie you home to dinner. Ant. S.What, wilt thou flout me thus unto my face, Being forbid@ There, take you that, sir knave. Dro. @E.@What mean you, sir@ for God's sake, hold your hands! Nay, an you will not, sir, I'll take my heels. ################# my life, by some device or other@ The villain is o'er-raught of all my money. They say@ this town is full of cozenage, As, nimble jugglers@ that deceive the eye, Dark-working sorcerers@ that change the mind, Soul-killing witches@ that deform the body, Disguised cheaters, prating mountebanks, And many such-like liberties of sin If it prove so, I will be gone the sooner. I'll to the Centaur, to go seek this slave I greatly fear@ my money is not safe. ################################################################### my husband@ nor the slave return'd, That in such haste I sent to seek his master! Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock. Luc.@Perhaps@ some merchant hath invited him@ And from the mart he's somewhere gone to dinner. Good sister, let us dine@ and never fret A man is master of his liberty Time is their master, and, when they see time, They'll go@ or come if so, be patient, sister. Adr.Why should their liberty than ours be more@ Luc.@Because their business still lies out o' door. Adr.Look, when I serve him so, he takes it ill. Luc.@O, know@ he is the bridle of your will. Adr.There's none@ but asses@ will be bridled so. Luc.@Why, headstrong liberty is lash'd with woe. There's nothing@ situate under heaven's eye@ But hath his bound, in earth, in sea, in sky The beasts, the fishes, and the winged fowls@ Are their males' subjects and at their controls Men, more divine, the masters of all these, Lords of the wide world@ and wild watery seas, Indued with intellectual sense and souls, Of more pre-eminence than fish and fowls, Are masters to their females, and their lords Then let your will attend on their accords. Adr.@This servitude makes you to keep unwed. Luc.@Not this, but troubles of@ the marriage@bed. Adr.But, were you wedded, you would bear some sway. @Luc.@Ere I learn love, I'll practise to obey. Adr.How if your husband start some other where@ Luc.@Till he co@me home again, I would forbear. Adr.@Patience@ unmov@ed! no marvel though she pause They can be meek@ that have no other cause. A wretched soul, bruised with adversity, We bid be quiet@ when we hear it cry But were we burden'd with like weight of pain, As much@ or more@ we should ourselves complain So thou, that hast no unkind mate to grieve thee, With urging helpless patience would@st relieve me But, if thou live to see like right bereft, This fool-begg'd patience in thee will be left. Luc.@Well, I will marry one day, but to try. Here co@mes your man@ now is your husband nigh. ####################### is your tardy master now at hand@ Dro. E.@Nay, he@'s at two hands with me, and that my two ears can witness. Adr.Say, didst thou speak with him@ know'st thou his mind@ Dro. E.@Ay, ay, he told his mind upon mine ear Beshrew his hand, I scarce could understand it. Luc.@Spake he so doubtfully, thou couldst not feel his meaning Dro. E.@Nay, he struck so plainly, I could too well feel his blows and withal so doubtfully@ that I could scarce understand them. Adr.@But say, I pr@ithee, is he coming home@ It seems@ he hath great care to please his wife. Dro. @@E.@Why, mistress, sure my master is horn-mad. Adr.Horn-mad, thou villain! @Dro. E.@I mean not cuckold-mad But, sure, he is stark mad. When I desired him to co@me home to dinner, He ask'd me for a thousand marks in gold ''Tis dinner-time,' quoth I 'My gold!' quoth he 'Your meat doth burn,' ##### I 'My gold!' quoth ############# ' quoth I 'My gold!' ######################### I gave thee, ################# I, 'is ############################################################################################################################################################## that my errand, due unto my tongue, I thank him, I bare home upon my shoulders For, in conclusion, he did beat me there. Adr.@Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home. Dro. E.@Go back again, and be new beaten home@ For God's sake, send some other messenger. Adr.Back, slave, or I will break thy pate across. Dro. E.And he will bless that cross with other beat@ing Between you I shall have a holy head. Adr.Hence, prating peasant! fetch thy master home. Dro. E.@Am I so round with you@ as you with me, That like a football you do spurn me thus@@ You spurn me hence, and he will spurn me hither If I last in this service, you must case me in leather. ############ how impatience lo@ureth in your face! Adr.His company must do his minions grace, Whilst I at home starve for a merry look. Hath homely age the alluring beauty took From my poor cheek@ then he hath wasted it Are my discourses dull@ barren my wit@ If voluble and sharp discourse be marr'd, Unkindness blunts it@ more than marble hard@ Do their gay vestments his affections bait@ That's not my fault@ he's master of my state What ruins are in me@ that can be found, By him not ruin'd@ then is he the ground Of my defeatures. My decayed fair A sunny look of his would soon repair But, too unruly deer, he breaks the pale@ And feeds from home poor I am but his stale. Luc.@Self-harming jealousy! fie, beat it hence! Adr.Unfeeling fools can with such wrongs dispense. I know his eye doth homage otherwhere Or else@ what lets it but he would be here Sister, you know@ he promised me a chain Would that alone, alone he would detain, So he would keep fair quarter with his bed! I see@ the jewel@ best enamelled@ Will lose his beauty yet th@@@e gold @bides still, That others touch, and often touching will Wear gold and@@@ no man that hath a na@me, B@y falsehood and corruption doth it shame. Since that my beauty cannot please his eye, I'll weep what's left away, and weeping die. @Luc.@How many fond fools serve mad ######################################################### Ant. S.The gold@ I gave to Dromio@ is laid up Safe at the Centaur and the heedful slave Is wander'd forth, in care to seek me out@ By computation@ and mine host's report. I could not speak with Dromio@ since at first I sent him from the mark. See, here he ######################### How now, sir! is your merry humo@r alter'd@ As you love strokes, so jest with me again. You know no Centaur@ you received no gold@ Your mistress sent to have me home to dinner@ My house was at the Phoenix@ Wast thou mad, That thus so madly thou didst answer me@@ Dro. S.@What answer, sir@ when spake I such a word Ant. S.@Even now, even here, not half an @hour since. Dro. S.I did not see you since you sent me hence, Home to the Centaur, with the gold you gave me. Ant. S.Villain, thou didst deny the gold's receipt, And told'st me of a mistre@ss and a dinner For which, I hope, thou felt'st I was displeased. Dro. S.I am glad to see you in this merry vein What means this jest@ I pray you, master, tell me. Ant. S.Yea, dost thou jeer@ and flout me in the teeth@ Think'st thou@ I jest@ Hold, take thou th@at, and that. ############## sir, for God's sake! now your jest is earnest Upon what ba@rgain do you give it me @Ant. S.Because that I familiarly sometimes Do use you for my fool@ and chat with you, Your sauciness will jest upon my love@ And make a common of my serious hours. When the sun shines@ let fool@ish gnats make sport, But creep in crannies@ when he hides his beams. If you will jest with me, know my aspect@ And fashion y@ou@r demeano@r to my looks, Or I will beat this method in your sconce. Dro. S.@Sconce@ call you it@ so you would leave batter@ing, I had rather have it a head an you use these blows long, I must get a sconce for my head@ and insconce it too or else I shall seek my wit in my shoulders. But, I pray, sir, why am I beatenen Ant. S.@Dost thou not know Dro. S.Nothing, sir, but that I am beaten. Ant. S.Shall I tell you whyhy Dro. S.@Ay, sir, and wherefore for@ they say@ every why hath a wherefore. Ant. S.Why, first,-for flouting me and then, where@fore,-~For urging it the second time to me. Dro. S.Was there ever any man thus beaten out of season, When@ in the why@ and the wherefore@ is neither rhyme nor reason @@Well, sir, I thank you. Ant. S.Thank me, sir! for what@@ Dro. S@.@Marry, sir, for this something that you gave me for nothing. Ant. S.I'll make you amends next, to give you nothing for something. But say, sir, is it dinner-timeme Dro. S.@No, sir I think@ the meat wants that I have. Ant. S.In good time, sir@ what's that ! Dro. @S.@Basting. Ant. S.@Well, sir, then 'twill be dry. Dro. S.If it be, sir, I pray you, eat none of it. Ant. S.Your reason@ Dro. S.Lest it make you choleric@ and purchase me another dry basting. Ant. S.Well, sir, learn to jest in good time there's a time for all things. Dro. @S.@I durst have denied that, before you were so choleric. Ant. S.@By what rule, sir@ Dro. @@S.@Marry, sir, by a rule as plain as the plain bald pate of father Time himself. Ant. S.Let's hear it. Dro. S.There's no time for a man to recover his hair@ that grows bald by nature. Ant. S.May he not do it by fine and recovery@@ Dro. S.@Yes, to pay a fine for a periwig and recover the lost hair of another man. Ant. S.Why is Time such a niggard of hair, being, as it is, so plentiful an excrement@ Dro. S.Because it is a blessing that he bestows on beasts and what he hath scanted men in hair@ he hath given them in wit. Ant. S.Why, but there's many a man hath more hair than wit. Dro. S@.@Not a man of those@ but he hath the wit to lose his hair. Ant. S.Why, thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit. @Dro. S.@The plainer dealer, the sooner lost yet he loseth it in a kind of jollity. S.For what reason@ Dro. S.@For two and sound ones too. Ant. S.Nay, not sound, I pray you. Dro. S.@Sure ones, then. Ant. S.Nay, not sure, in a thing falsing. Dro. S.@Certain ones then. Ant. S.@Name them. @Dro. S.@The one, to save the money that he spends in trimming the other@ that at dinner they s@hould not drop in his porridge. Ant. S.@You would all this time have proved@ there is no time for all things. Dro. S.@Marry, and did, sir namely, no time to reco@ver hair lost by nature. Ant. S.But your reason was not substantial, why there is no time to recover. Dro. S.Thus I mend it Time himself is bald@ and therefore@ to the world's end@ will have bald followers. Ant. S.@I knew@ 'twould be a bald conclusion But, soft! who wafts us yonder@ Enter ###################### ay, Antipholus, look strange@ and frown Some other mistress hath thy sweet aspects@ I am not Adriana@ nor thy wife. The time was once@ when thou unurged would@st vow That never words were music to thine ear, That never object pleasing in thine eye, That never touch well welcome to thy hand, That never meat sweet-savo@r'd in thy taste, Unless I spake, or look'd, or touch'd, or carved to thee. How co@mes it now, my husband, O@, how co@mes it, That thou art thus estranged from thy@self @@Thyself I call it, being strange to me, That, undividable, incorporate, A@m better than thy dear self's better part. Ah, do not tear away thyself from me! For know, my love, as easy mayest thou fall A drop of water in the breaking gul@f, And take unmingled thence that drop again, Without addition@ or diminishing, As take from me thyself@ and not me too. How dearly would it touch thee to the quick, Should@st thou but hear I were licentious@ And that this body, consecrate to thee, By ruffian lust should be contaminate@! Would@st thou not spit at me@ and spurn at me@ And hurl the name of husband in my face@ And tear the stain'd skin off my harlot-brow@ And from my false hand cut the wedding-ring@ And break it with a deep-divorcing vow@@ I know thou canst and therefore@ see@ thou do it. I am possess'@d with an adulterate blot My blood is mingled with the crime of lust For@ if we too be one@ and thou play false, I do digest the poison of thy flesh, Being strumpeted by thy contagion. Keep then fair league and truce with thy true bed I live @@unstain'd, thou undishono@red. Ant. S.Plead you to me, fair dame@ I know you not In Ephesus I am but two hours old, As strange unto your town@ as to your talk Who, every word by all my wit being scann'd, Want wit in all one word to understand. Luc.@Fie, brother! how the world is changed with you! When were you wont to use my sister thus @@She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner. S.By Dromio Dro. ###### Adr.By thee and this thou didst return from him, That he did buffet thee, and, in his blows, Denied my house for his, me for his wife. Ant. S.Did you converse, sir, with this gentlewoman@ What is the course and drift of your compact @Dro. ##### sir@ I never saw her till this time. Ant. S.@Villain, thou liest for even her very words Didst thou deliver to me on the mart. @Dro. S.I never spake with her in all my life. Ant. S.How can she thus then call us by our names@ Unless it be by inspiration. Adr.@How ill agrees it with your gravity@ To counterfeit thus grossly with your slave, Abetting him to thwart me in my mood@! Be it my wrong@ you are from me exempt, But wrong not that wrong with a more contempt. Come, I will fasten on this sleeve of thine Thou art an elm, my husband, I a vine, Whose weakness, married to thy stronger state, Makes me with thy strength to communicate If aught possess thee from me, it is dross, Usurping ivy, brier, or idle moss Who, all for want of pruning, with intrusion Infect thy sap@ and live on thy confusion. Ant. S.To me she speaks she moves me for her theme What, was I married to her in my dream@ Or sleep I now@ and think I hear all this@ What error drives our eyes and ears am@is@s Until I know this sure uncertainty, I'll entertain the offer'd fallacy. Luc.@Dromio, go bid the servants spread for dinner. Dro. S.@O, for my beads! I cross me for a sinner. This is the fairy land @@O spite of spites! We talk with goblins, owls@ and @@@@s@@@prites If we obey them not, this will ensue, They'll suck our breath@ or pinch us black and blue. Luc.@Why pratest thou to thyself@ and answer'st not@ Dromio, thou drone, thou snail, thou slug, thou sot! Dro. S.@I am transformed, master, am I ###### S.@I think@ thou art@ in mind, and so am I. Dro. S.@Nay, master, both in mind@ and in my shape. Ant. S.Thou hast thine own form. @Dro. S.No, I am an ape. Luc.@If thou art changed to aught, 'tis to an ass. Dro. S.'Tis true she rides me@ and I long for grass. 'Tis so, I am an ass else it could never be@ But I should know her as well as she knows me. Adr.Come, co@me, no longer will I be a fool, To put the finger in the eye and weep, Whilst man@ and master@ laugh my woes to scorn. Co@me, sir, to dinner. Dromio, keep the gate. Husband, I'll dine above with you to-day@ And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks. Sirrah, if any ask you for your master, Say@ he dines forth, and let no creature enter. Co@me, sister. Dromio, play the porter well. @Ant. S.Am I in earth, in heaven, or in hell@ Sleeping or waking@ mad@ or well-advised@ Known unto these, and to myself disguised! I'll say as they say@ and persever so, And in this mist at all adventures go. Dro. S.@Master, shall I be porter at the gate@ Adr.Ay and let none enter, lest I break your pate. Luc.@Come, co@me, Antipholus, we dine too late. ########################################################################################## Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all My wife is shrewish@ when I keep not hours Say@ that I linger'd with you at your shop@ To see the making of her carcanet, And that to-morrow you will bring it home. But here's a villain@ that would face me down He met me on the mart and that I beat him, And charged him with a thousand marks in gold, And that I did deny my wife and house. Thou@ drunkard, thou, what didst thou mean by this@ Dro. E.@Say what you will, sir, but I know what I know That you beat me at the mart, I have your hand to show If the skin were parchment, and the blows you gave were ink, Your own handwriting would tell you what I think. Ant. E.I think@ thou art an ass. Dro. @E@.@Marry, so it doth appear By the wrongs I suffer@ and the blows I bear. I should kick, being kick'd and, being at that pass, You would keep from my heels@ and beware of an ass. ################ sad, Signior Balthazar pray God@ our cheer May answer my good will@ and y@our good welcome here. Bal.@I hold your dainties cheap, sir, and your welcome dear. Ant. E.O, Signior Balthazer, either at flesh or fish, A table full of welcome make@ scarce one dainty dish. Bal.@Good meat, sir, is common that every churl af@fords. Ant. E.And welcome more common for that's nothing but words. Bal.Small cheer@ and great welcome@ makes a merry feast. Ant. ################### host@ and more sparing guest But though my cates be mean, take them in good part Better cheer may you have, but not with better heart. But, soft! my door is lock'd. Go bid them let us in. Dro. E.@Maud, Bridget, Marian, Cicel@, ######################## malt-horse, capon, coxcomb, idiot, patch! Either get thee from the door, or sit down at the hatch. Dost thou conjure for wenches, that thou call'st for such store, When one is one too many@@ Go, get thee from the door. D@ro. @E.@What patch is made our porter @@My master stays in the ########### Let him walk from whence he came, lest he catch cold on's feet. Ant. E.@Who talks within there@ ho, open the door! ######## Right, sir@ I'll tell you when, an you'll tell me wherefore. Ant. E.Wherefore@ for my dinner I have not dined ############### to-day here you must not co@me again@ when you may. Ant. E.What are thou@ that keepest me out from the house I owe@ ######## The porter for this time, sir, and my name is Dromio. Dro. E.O villain! thou hast stolen both mine office and my name. The one ne'er got me credit, the other mickle blame. If thou hadst been Dromio to-day in my place, Thou would@st have changed thy face for a name@ or thy name for an ass. Luce. Within What a coil is there, Dromio@ who are those at the gate@ Dro. E.@Let my master in, Luce. ########### no he comes too late And so tell your master. Dro. E.O Lord, I must laugh! Have at you with a proverb@-Shall I set in my staff@ Luce. Within Have at you with another that's@-When@ can you tell ####### If thy name be call'd Luce,-Luce, thou hast answer'd him well. Ant. E.@Do you hear, you minion@ you'll let us in, I hope@ ##### I thought to have asked you. ######## you said@ no. Dro. E.@So, co@me, help well struck! there was blow for blow. Ant. E.Thou baggage, let me in. ########## you tell for whose sak@e Dro. E.@Master, knock the door hard. ####### him knock till it ########### cry for this, minion, if I beat the door down. Luce. Within What needs all that, and a pair of stocks in the town ###### Who is that at the door@ that keeps all this noise@ Dro. S. By my troth, your town is troubled with unruly boys. Ant. E.Are you there, wife @@you might have co@me before. ### Your wife, sir knave! go@ get you from the door. Dro. E.If you went in pain, master, this 'knave' would go sore. Ang.@Here is neither cheer, sir, nor welcome we would fain have either. Bal.@In debating which was best, we shall part with neither. Dro. E.@They stand at the door, master bid them wel@come hither. ####### is something in the wind, that we cannot get in. Dro. E.@You would say so, master, if your garments were thin. Your cake there is warm within you stand here in the cold It would make a man mad as a buck, to be so bought and sold. Ant. E.Go@ fetch me something@ I'll break ope the gate. Dro. S. Within Break any breaking here, and I'll break your knave's pate. Dro. E.A man may break a word with you, sir, and words are but wind, Ay, and break it in your face, so he break it not behind. Dro. Within It seems@ thou want'st breaking out upon thee, hind! Dro. E.Here's too much 'out upon thee!' I pray thee, let me ###### Ay, when fowls have no feathers@ and fish have no fin. Ant. E.@Well, I'll break in go borrow me a crow. Dro. E.@A crow without@@ feather Master, mean y@ou so@ For a fish without a fin, there's a fowl without a feather If a crow help us in, sirrah, we'll pluck a crow together. Ant. E.Go@ get thee gone@ fetch me an iron crow. Bal.@Have patience, sir O, let it not be so! Herein you war against your reputation@ And draw within the compass of suspect The unviolated hono@r of your wife, Once this,-your long experience of her wisdom, Her sober virtue, years@ and modesty, Plead on her part some cause to you unknown And doubt not, sir, but she will well excuse Why at this time the doors are made against you. Be ruled by me depart in patience, And let us to the Tiger all to dinner, And@ about evening@ co@me yourself alone@ To know the reason of this strange restraint. If by strong hand you offer to break in@ Now in the stirring passage of the day, A vulgar comment will be made of it, And that supposed by the common rout Against your yet ungalled estimation@ That may with foul intrusion enter in@ And dwell upon your grave when you are dead For slander lives upon succession, For ever housed@ wherewhere it gets possession. @Ant. E.You have prevailed I will depart in quiet, And, in despite of mirth, mean to be merry. I know a wench of excellent discourse, Pretty and witty wild, and@ yet, too, gentle @There will we dine. This woman that I mean, My wife-but,@ I protest, without desert-~Hath oftentimes upbraided me withal To her will we to ########### you home@ And fetch the chain by this@ I know@ 'tis made Bring it, I pray you, to the Porpentine For there's the house that chain will I bestow-~Be it for nothing but to spite my wife-~Upon mine hostess there good sir, make haste. Since mine own doors refuse to entertain me, I'll knock elsewhere, to see if they'll disdain me. Ang.@I'll meet you at that place@ some hour hence. Ant. E.Do so. This jest shall cost me some ########################################################################### may it be that you have quite forgot A husband's office@ shall, Antipholus@@@@@@. Even in the spring of love, thy love-springs rot@ Shall love, in building, grow so ruin@ous If you did wed my sister for her wealth, Then@ for her wealth's sake@ use her with more kindness Or@ if you like elsewhere, do it by stealth Muffle your false love with some show ofblindness Let not my sister read it in your eye Be not thy tongue thy own shame's orator Look sweet, speak fair, become disloyalty Apparel vice@ like virtue's harbinger Bear a fair presence, though your heart be tainted Teach sin the carriage of a holy saint Be secret-false what need she be acquainted@ What simple thief brags of his own attaint@@ 'Tis double wrong, to truant with your bed@ And let her read it in thy looks at board Shame hath a bastard fame, well managed Ill deeds are doubled with an evil word. Alas, poor women! make us but believe, Being compact of credit, that you love us Though others have the arm, show us the sleeve We in your motion turn@ and you may move us. Then, gentle brother, get you in again Comfort my sister, cheer her, call her wife 'Tis holy sport@ to be a little vain, When the sweet breath of flattery conquers strife. Ant. S.Sweet mistress,-what your name is else, I know not, Nor by what wonder you do hit of mine,-~Le@ss in your knowledge@ and your grace@ you show not@ Than our earth's wonder, more than earth divine. Teach me, dear creature, how to think and speak Lay open to my earthly-gross conceit, Smother'd in errors, feeble, shallow, weak, The folded meaning of your words' deceit. Against my soul's pure truth why labo@r you@ To make it wander in an unknown field @@Are you a god@@ would you create me new@@ Transform me@ then, and to your power I'll yield. But if that I am I, then well I know vYour weeping sister is no wife of mine, Nor to her bed no homage do I owe Far more, far more@ to you do I decline. O, train me not, sweet mermaid, with thy note, To drown me in thy sister's flood of tears Sing, siren, for thyself@ and I will dote Spread o'er the silver waves thy golden hairs, And as a bed I'll take th@em and there lie, And@ in that glorious supposition@ think He gains by death@ that hath such means to die Let Love, being light, be drowned if she sink! @Luc.@What, are you mad, that you do reason so Ant. S.Not mad, but mated how, I do not know. Luc.@It is a fault that springeth from your eye. Ant. S.For gazing on your beams, fair sun, being by. Luc.@Gaze where you should, and that will clear y@our sight. Ant. S.@As good to wink, sweet love, as look on night. Luc.@Why call you me love@ call my sister so. Ant. S.Thy sister's sister. Luc.@That's my sister. Ant. S.@No It is thyself, mine own self's better part, Mine eye's clear eye, my dear heart's dearer heart, My food, my fortune@ and my sweet hope's aim, My sole earth's heaven@ and my heaven's claim. Luc.All this my sister is, or el@se should be. Ant. S.Call thyself sister, sweet, for I a@m thee. Thee will I love@ and with thee lead my life Thou hast no husband yet@ nor I no wife. Give me thy hand. Luc.@O, soft, sir! hold you still I'll fetch my sister, to get her good will. ############################################### ######## Ant. S.Why, how now, Dromio! where runn'st thou so fast@ Dro. S.Do you know me, sir@ am I Dromio@ am I your man@ am I myself Ant. S.@Thou art Dromio, thou art my man, thou art thyself. Dro. S.@I am an ass, I am a woman's man@ and besides myself. Ant. S.@What woman's man@ and how besides thy@self Dro. S.Marry, sir, besides myself, I am due to a wo@man one that claims me, one that haunts me, one that will have me. ###### claim lays she to thee @@Dro. S.@Marry, sir, such claim as you would lay to your horse and she would have me as a beast not that, I being a beast, she would have me but that she, being a very beastly creature, lays claim to me. Ant. S.What is she @@@Dro. S.@A very reverent body ay, such a one as a man may not speak of@ without he say 'Sir-reverence.' I have but lean luck in the match, and yet is she a wondrous fat marriage. Ant. S.@How dost thou mean@ a fat marriage@ Dro. S.@Marry, sir, she's the kitchen wench@ and all grease and I know not what use to put her to@ but to make a lamp of her@ and run from her by her own light. I warrant, her rags@ and the tallow in them@ will burn a Poland winter if she lives till doomsday, she'll burn a week longer than the whole world. Ant. S.What complexion is she of@ Dro. S.Swart, like my shoe, but her face nothing like so clean kept for why@, she sweats@ a man may go over shoes in the grime of it. Ant. S.@That's a fault that water will mend. Dro. S.@No, sir, 'tis in grain Noah's flood could not do it. Ant. S.What's her name Dro. S.Nell, sir @but her name and three quarters, that@'s@ an ell and three quarters, will not measure her from hip to hip. Ant. S.Then she bears some breadth@@ Dro. S.@No longer from head to foot@ than from hip to hip she is spherical, like a globe I could find out coun@tries in her. Ant. S.@In what part of her body stands Ireland Dro. S.Marry, sir, in her buttocks I found it out by the bogs. Ant. S.@Where Scotland@ Dro. S.@I found it by the barrenness hard@ in the palm of the hand. Ant. S.Where France Dro. S.In her forehead armed and reverted, making war against her heir. Ant. S.@Where England@ Dro. S.@I looked for the chalky cliffs, but I could find no whiteness in them but I gue@ss it stood in her chin, by the salt rheum that ran between France and it. Ant. S.Where Spain Dro. S.Faith, I saw it not but I felt it@ hot in @her breath. Ant. S.@Where America, the Indies@ ######### sir, upon her nose, all o'er embellished with rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, declining their rich aspect to the hot breath of Spain who sent whole armadoes of car@acks to be ballast at her nose. Ant. S.Where stood Belgia, the Netherlands@@ Dro. S.Oh, sir, I did not look so low. To conclude, this drudge, or diviner, laid claim to me called me Dromio swore@ I was assured to her told me what privy marks I had about me, as, the mark of my shoulder, the mole in my neck, the great wart on my left arm, that I@ amazed@ ran from her as a witch And, I think, if my breast had not been made of faith@ and my heart of steel, She had transform'd me to a curta@l dog@ and made me turn i' the wheel.  S.Go@ hie thee presently, post to the road An@ if the wind blow any way from shore, I will not harbo@r in this town to-night@ If any bark put forth, co@me to the mart, Where I will walk till thou return to me. If every one knows us@ and we know none, 'Tis time, I think, to trudge, pack@ and be gone. Dro. @S.@As from a bear a man would run for life, So fly I from her that would be my ################## none but witches do inhabit here And therefore 'tis high time that I were hence. She@ that doth call me husband, even my soul Doth for a wife abhor. But her fair sister, Posse@ss'd with such a gentle sovereign grace, Ofsuch enchanting presence and discourse, Hath almost made me traitor to myself But, lest myself be guilty to self-wrong, I'll stop mine ears against the mermaid's song. Enter ############## ############### that's my name. Ang.I know it well, sir, lo, here is the chain. I thought to have ta'en you at the Porpentine The chain unfinish'd made me stay thus long. S.What is your will@ that I shall do with this Ang.What please yourself, sir I have made it for you. Ant. S.@Made it for me, sir! I bespoke it not. Ang.@Not once, nor twice, but twenty times you have. Go home with it@ and please your wife withal And soon at supper-time I'll visit you@ And then receive my money for the chain. Ant. S.I pray you, sir, receive the money now, For fear you ne'er see chain@ nor money@ more. Ang.@You are a merry man, sir fare you ############### I should think of this, I cannot tell But this I think, there's no man is so vain@ That would refuse so fair an offer'd chain. I see@ a man here needs not live by shifts, When in the streets he meets such golden gifts. I'll to the mart@ and there for Dromio stay If any ship put out, then straight away. ##################################### ########################## know@ since Pentecost the sum is due, And since I have not much importun@ed you Nor now I had not, but that I am bound To Persia, and want guilders for my voyage Therefore make present satisfaction, Or I'll attach you by this officer. Ang.Even just the sum@ that I do owe to you@ Is growing to me by Antipholus, And@ in the instant that I met with you@ He had of me a chain at five o'clock@ I shall receive the money for the same. Pleaseth you walk with me down to his house, I will discharge my bond@ and thank you too. ######################################################## see where he co@mes. Ant. E.While I go to the goldsmith's house, go thou And buy a rope's end that will I bestow Among @my wife and her confederates, For locking me out of my doors by day. But, soft! I see the goldsmith. Get thee gone Buy thou a @rope@ and bring it home to me. Dro. E.@I buy a thousand pound a year@ I buy a ################### man is well holp up@ that trusts to you I promised your presence@ and the chain But neither chain@ nor goldsmith@ came to me. Belike@ you thought our love would last too long, If it were chain'd together, and therefore came not. @Ang.@Saving your merry humo@r, here's the note@ How much your c@hain weighs to the utmost carat, The fineness of the gold@ and chargeful fashion, Which doth amount to three odd ducats more Than I stand debted to this gentleman I pray you, see him presently discharged, For he is bound to sea@ and stays but for it. Ant. E.I am not furnish'd with the present money Besides, I have some business in the town. Good signior, take the stranger to my house@ And with you take the chain@ and bid my wife Disburse the sum on the receipt thereof Perchance@ I will be there as soon as you. Ang.Then you will bring the chain to her yourself@ Ant. E.@No bear it with you, lest I come not time enoug@h. Ang.@Well, sir, I will. Have you the chain about you@ Ant. E.@An if I have not, sir, I hope you have Or else you may return without your money. Ang.Nay, co@me, I pray you, sir, give me the chain@ Both wind and tide stays for this gentleman, And I, to bla@me, have held him here too long. Ant. E.Good Lord! you use this dalliance@ to excuse Your breach of promise to the Porpentine. I should have chid you for not bringing it, But, like a shrew, you first begin to brawl. Sec. Mer.@The hour steals on I pray you, sir, dispatch. @Ang.@You hear@ how he importunes me -the chain! Ant. E.Why, give it to my wife@ and fetch your money. Ang.Come, co@me, you know@ I gave it you even now. Either send the chain@ or send me by some token. ###### now you run this humo@r out of breath, Co@me, where's the chain@ I pray you, let me see ###### business cannot brook this dalliance. Good sir, say@ whether you'll answer me@ or no If not, I'll leave him to the officer. Ant. E.I answer you! what should I answer you Ang.The money@ that you owe me for the ####### owe you none@ till I receive the chain. Ang.@You know@ I gave it you half an hour since. Ant. E.You gave me none you wrong me much to say so. Ang.You wrong me more, sir, in denying it Consider@ how it stands upon my credit. Sec. ######### officer, arrest him at my suit. Off.I do and charge you@ in the duke's name@ to obey me. Ang.@This touches me in reputation. Either consent to pay this sum for me@ Or I attach you by this officer. @Ant. E.Consent to pay thee that I never had! Arrest me, foolish fellow, if thou darest. Ang.Here is thy fee arrest him, officer, I would not spare my brother in this case, If he should scorn me so apparently. Off.I do arrest you, sir you hear the suit. Ant. E.I do obey thee@ till I give thee bail. But, sirrah, you shall buy this sport as dear As all the metal in your shop will answer. Ang.Sir, sir, I shall have law in Ephesus, To your notorious shame@ I doubt it not. ################################# there is a bark of Epidamnum@ That stays but till her owner comes aboard, And then, sir, she bears away. Our fraughtage, sir, I have convey'd aboard and I have bought The oil, the balsamum@ and aqua-vitae. The ship is in her trim the merry wind Blows fair from land they stay for nought at all@ But for their owner, master, and yourself. E.How now! a madman! Why, thou peevish sheep, What ship of Epidamnum stays for me Dro. @S.@A ship you sent me to, to hire waftage. Ant. E.Thou drunken slave, I sent thee for a rope And told thee to w@hat purpose@ and what end. Dro. S.You sent me@@@@@@ for a rope's end as soon You sent me to the bay, sir, for a bark. Ant. E.I will debate this matter at more leisure@ And teach your ears to list me with more heed. To Adriana, villain, hie thee straight Give her this key, and tell her, in the desk That's cover'd o'er with Turkish tapestry, There is a purse of ducats let her send it Tell her@ I am arrested in the street@ And that shall bail me hie thee, slave, be gone! On, officer, to prison till it ########### Merchant, ##################### Adriana! that is where we dined, Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband She is too big, I hope, for me to compass. Thither I must, although against my will, For servants must their masters' minds fulfil. ################################################## Luciana, did he tempt thee so@ Might@st thou perceive austerely in his eye That he did plead in earnest@ yea or no@ Look'd he or red@ or pale, or sad@ or merrily@ What observation madest thou in this case@ Of his heart's meteors tilting in his face@ Luc.@First@ he denied you had in him no right. Adr.He meant@ he did me none the more my spite. Luc.@Then swore he@ that he was a stranger here. Adr.And true he swore, though yet forsworn he were. Luc.@Then pleaded I for you. Adr.And what said hehe Luc.@That love I begg'd for you@ he begg'd of me. Adr.With what persuasion did he tempt thy love@ Luc.@With words@ that in an honest suit might move. First@ he did praise my beauty, then@ my speech. Adr.Didst speak him fair@ Luc.@Have patience, I beseech. Adr.I cannot, nor I will not, hold me still My tongue, though not my heart, shall have his will. He is deformed, crooked, old@ and sere, Ill-faced, worse bodied, shapeless every@where Vicious, ungentle, foolish, blunt, unkind, Stigmatical in making, worse in mind. Luc.@Who would be jealous then of such a one@ No evil lost is wail'd when it is gone. Adr.@Ah, but I think him better than I say, And yet would herein others' eyes were worse. Far from her nest the lapwing cries away My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse. Enter ############################ go the desk, the purse! sweet, now, make haste. @Luc.@How hast thou lost thy breath@ Dro. @S.@By running fast. Adr.Where is thy master, Dromio @@is he well @@Dro. S.@No, he's in Tartar limbo, worse than hell. A devil in an everlasting garment hath him@ One@ whose hard heart is button'd up with steel A fiend, a f@ury, pitiless and rough A wolf, nay, worse, a fellow all in buff A back-friend, a shoulder-clapper, one that countermands The passages of alleys, creeks@ and narrow lands A hound t@hat runs counter@ and yet draws dry@foot well One that@ before the judgement@ carries poor souls to hell. Adr.@Why, man, what is the matter@ ######### not know the matter he is 'restedon the case. Adr.@What, is he arrested@ Tell me@ at whose suit. Dro. S.I know not at whose suit he is arrested@ well But he's in a suit of buff@ which 'rested him, that can I tell. Will you send him, mistress, redemption, the money in his desk Adr.@Go fetch it, ############ I wonder at, @@@@@@That he, unknown to me, should be in debt, Tell me, was he arrested on a band@ Dro. S.@Not on a band, but on a stronger thing vA chain, a chain! Do you not hear it ring@ Adr.@What, the chain@ Dro. S.@No, no, the bell 'tis time@ that I were gone@ It was two ere I left him, and now the clock strikes one, Adr.The hours co@me back! that did I never hear. Dro. S.O, yes@ if any hour meet a sergeant, a' turns back for very fear. Adr.@As if Time were in debt! how fondly dost thou reason@! Dro. @S.@Time is a very bankrupt, and owes more than he's worth, to season. Nay, he's a thief too have you not heard men say, That Time co@mes stealing on by night and day@ If Time be in debt@ and theft, a@nd a sergeant in the way, Hath he not reason to turn back an hour in a day ######################## Dromio there's the money, bear it straight, And bring thy master home immediately. Come, sister I am press'@d down with conceit-~Conceit, my comfort@ and my injury. ####################################### Syracuse. S.There's not a man I meet@ but doth salute me As if I were their well-acquainted friend And every one doth call me by my name. Some tender money to me@ some invite me Some other give me thanks for kindnesses Some offer me commodities to buy Even now a tailor call'd me in his shop@ And show'd me silks that he had bought for me@ And@ therewithal@ took @measure of my body. Sure, these are but imaginary wiles@ And Lapland sorcerers inhabit here. Enter ################################ here's the gold you sent me for. What, have you got the picture of old Adam ############## Ant. S.What gold is this@ what Adam dost thou mean Dro. S.Not that Adam@ that kept the Paradise, but that Adam@ that keeps the prison he that goes in the calf's skin that was killed for the Prodigal he that came behind you, sir, like an evil angel, and bid you forsake your liberty. Ant. S.I understand thee not. Dro. S.@No@ why, 'tis a plain case he that went, like a bass-viol, in a case of l@eather the man, sir, that, when gentlemen are tired, gives them a sob@ and 'rests them he, sir, that takes pity on decayed men@ and gives them suits of durance he that sets up his rest to do more exploits with his mace@ than a morris-pike. Ant. S.What, thoumeanest an ########## S.@Ay, sir, the sergeant of the band he that brings any man to answer it@ that breaks his band one that thinks a man always going to bed, and says, 'God ################### sir, there rest in your foolery. Is there any ship puts forth to-night @@may we be go@ne @@Dro. S.Why, sir, I brought you word an @hour since@ that the bark Expedition put forth to-night and then were you hindered by the sergeant, to tarry for the hoy@ Delay. Here are the angels that you sent for@ to deliver you. Ant. S.The fellow is distract, and so am I And here we wander in illusions Some blessed power deliver us from hence! Enter a Courtezan. C@our.@Well met, well met, Master Antipholus. I see, sir, you have found the golds@mith no@w Is that the chain@ you promised me to-day Ant. S.Satan, avoid! I charge thee, te@mpt me not. Dro. S.@Master, is this Mistress Satan Ant. S.It is the devil. Dro. S.Nay, she is worse, she is the devil's dam and here she co@mes in the habit of a light wench and t@hereof@ co@mes@ that the wenches say ####### ' that's as much ######################### is written, they appear to men like angels of light light is an effect of fire, and fire will burn ergo, light wenches will burn. Co@me not near her. Cour.Your man and you are marvellous merry, sir. Will you go with me@ We'll mend our dinner here@ Dro. S.@Master, if you do, expect spoon-@meat@ or bespeak a long spoon. Ant. S.Why, Dromio@ Dro. S.Marry, he must have a long spoon@ that must eat with the devil. Ant. S.Avoid then, fiend! what tell'st thou me of supping@@ Thou art, as you are all, a sorceress I conjure thee to leave me@ and be gone. Cour.@Give me the ring of mine you had at dinner, Or, for my diamond, the chain you promised, And I'll be gone, sir, and not trouble you. Dro. S.Some devils ask but the parings of one's nail, A rush, a hair, a drop of blood, a pin, A nut, a cherry-stone But she, more covetous, would have a chain. Master, be wise an@ if you give it her, The devil will shake her chain@ and fright us with it. Cour.@I pray you, sir, my ring, or else the chain I hope@ you do not mean to cheat me so. Ant. S.Avaunt, thou witch! Come, Dromio, let us go. Dro.@ S.'Fly pride,' says the peacock mistress, that you know. Exeunt Ant. S. and ################ out of doubt@ Antipholus is mad, Else would he never so demean himself. A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats, And for the same he promised me a chain Both one@ and other@ he denies me now. The reason that I gather he is mad, Besides this present instance of his rage, Is a mad tale@ he told to-day at dinner, Of his own doors being shut against his entrance. Belike@ his wife, acquainted with his fits, On purpose shut the doors against his way. My way is now@ to hie home to his house, And tell his wife@ that, being lunatic, He rush'd into my house@ and took perforce My ring away. This course I fittest choose For forty ducats is too much to lose. ########################################################### me not, man@ I will not break away I'll give thee, ere I leave thee, so much money, To warrant thee, as I am 'rested for. My wife is in a wayward mood to-day, And will not lightly trust the messenger. That I should be attach'd in Ephesus, I tell you, 'twill sound harshly in her ears. Enter ########################### Here comes my man I think he brings the money. How now, sir! have you that I sent you for@ Dro. E.@Here's that, I warrant you, will pay them all. Ant. E.But where's the money Dro. E.Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope. Ant. E.Five hundred ducats, villain, for a rope@ @Dro. E.I'll serve you, sir, five hundred at the rate. Ant. E.To what end did I bid thee hie thee homeme Dro. E.@To a rope's-end, sir and to that end am I returned. Ant. E.@And to that end, sir, I will welcome you. ############## sir, be patient. Dro. E.Nay, 'tis for me to be patient I am in ad@versity. Off.Good now, hold thy tongue. Dro. @E.@Nay, rather persuade him to hold his hands. Ant. E.@Thou whoreson, senseless villain! Dro. @E.@I would I were senseless, sir, that I might not feel your blows. Ant. E.Thou art sensible in nothing but blows, and so is an ass. Dro. E.I am an ass, indeed you may prove it by my long ears. I have served him from the hour of my nativity to this instant, and have nothing at his hands for my ser@vice@ but blows. When I am cold, he heats me with beat@ing when I am warm, he cools me with beating I am waked with it@ when I sleep raised with it@ when I sit driven out of doors with it@ when I go from home wel@comed home with it@ when I return nay, I bear it on my shoulders, as a beggar wont her brat and, I think, when he hath lamed me, I shall beg with it from door to door. ######################################################################################################################################### respect your end or ra@ther, the prophecy@ like the parrot, ##################### E.Wilt thou still talk@ Beating him. Cour.@How say you now @@is not your husband mad Adr.His incivility confirms no less. Good Doctor Pinch, you are a conjurer Establish him in his true sense again, And I will please you what you will demand. Luc.@Alas, how fiery and how sharp he looks! Cour.@Mark@ how he trembles in his ecstasy! Pinch.@Give me your hand@ and let me feel your pulse. Ant. E.There is my hand, and let it feel your ############# charge thee, Satan, housed within this man, To yield possession@ to my holy prayers@ And to thy state of darkness hie thee straight I conjure thee by all the saints in heaven! Ant. E.Peace, doting wizard, peace! I am not mad. Adr.O, that thou wert not, poor distressed soul! Ant. E.@You minion, you, are these your customers@ Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house to-day, Whilst upon me the guilty doors were shut@ And I denied to enter in my house Adr.@@O husband, God doth know@ you dined at home@ Where @would you had remain'd until this time, Free from these slanders@ and this open shame! Ant. E.Dined at home! Thou villain, what sayest thou Dro. E.Sir, sooth to say, you did not dine at home. Ant. E.Were not my doors lock'd up@ and I shut out@ @Dro. E.@Perdie, your doors were lock'd@ and you shut out. Ant. E.And did not she herself revile me there@@ Dro. E.@Sans fable, she herself revil@ed you there. Ant. E.Did not her kitchen-maid rail, taunt, and scorn me Dro. E.@Certes, she did the kitchen-vestal scorn'd you. Ant. E.And did not I in rage depart from thence@@ @Dro. E.@In verity@ you did @my bones bear witness, That since have felt the vigo@r of his rage. Adr.@Is't good to soothe him in these contraries@ Pinch.@It is no shame the fellow finds his vein, And@ yielding to him@ humo@rs well his frenzy. Ant. E.@Thou hast suborn'd the goldsmith to arrest me. Adr.Alas, I sent you money to redeem you, By Dromio here, who came in haste for it. @Dro. @E.@Money by me@! heart and good@will you might@ But@ surely, master, not a rag of money. Ant. E.Went'st not thou to her for a purse of ducats Adr.@He came to me@ and I deliver'd it. @Luc.@And I am witness with her@ that she did. @Dro. @E.@God and the rope-maker@ bear me witne@ss That I was sent for nothing but a rope! Pinch.@Mistress, both man and master is possess'd I know it by their pale and deadly looks They must be bound@ and laid in some dark room. Ant. E.Say, wherefore didst thou lock me forth to-day@ And why dost thou deny the bag of gold Adr.I did not, gentle husband, lock thee forth. Dro. E.@And, gentle master, I received no gold But I confess, sir, that we were lock'd out. Adr.@Dissembling villain, thou speak'st false in both. Ant. E.Dissembling harlot, thou art false in all And art confederate with a damned pack@ To make a loathsome abject scorn of me But with these nails I'll pluck out these false eyes@ That would behold in me this shameful sport. ##################################################### bind him, bind him! let him not come near me. Pinch.@More company! The fiend is strong within him. @Luc.@Ay me, poor man, how pale and wan he looks! Ant. E.What, will you murder me@ Thou gaoler, thou, I am thy prisoner wilt thou suffer them To make a rescue Off.Masters, let him go He is my prisoner, and you shall not have him. Pinch.@Go@ bind this man, for he is frantic ############# wilt thou do, thou peevish officer@ Hast thou delight to see a wretched man Do outrage and displeasure to himself Off.He is my prisoner if I let him go, The debt he owes@ will be required of me. Adr.@I will discharge thee@ ere I go from thee Bear me forthwith unto his creditor, And, knowing how the debt grows, I will pay it. Good master doctor, see him safe convey'd Home to my house. O most unhappy day! Ant. E.@O most unhappy strumpet! Dro. ######### I am here enter'd in bond for you. Ant. E.@Out on thee, villain! wherefore dost thou mad me@ Dro. E.Will you be bound for nothing@ be mad, good master cry 'The devil!' Luc.@God help, poor souls, how idly do they talk! Adr.@Go bear him hence. Sister, go you with ############################################ now, whose suit is he arrested at Off.One Angelo, a goldsmith do you know him @@Adr.@I know the man. What is the sum he owes Off.Two hundred ducats. Adr.@Say, how grows it due Off.Due for a chain@ your husband had of him. Adr.@He did bespeak a chain for me, but had it not. Cour.@When as your husband@ all in rage@ to-day Came to my house@ and took away my ring-~The ring I saw upon his finger now-~Straight after@ did I meet him with a chain. Adr.@It may be so, but I did never see it. Come, gaoler, bring me where the goldsmith is@ I long to know the truth hereof at large. #################### with his rapier drawn, and ########################## for thy mercy! they are loose again. Adr.And co@me with naked swords. Let's call more help@ to have them bound again. Off.Away! they'll kill ############################# ####### S.@I see@ these witches are afraid of swords. Dro. S.@She@ that would be your wife@ now ran from you. Ant. S.Co@me to the Centaur fetch our stuff from thence I long@ that we were safe and sound aboard. Dro. S.Faith, stay here this night@ they will surely do us no ha@rm you saw@ they speak us fair, give us gold methinks@ they are such a gentle nation@ that, but for the mountain of mad flesh that claims marriage of me, I could find in my heart to stay here still@ and n ########## Ant. S.I will not stay to-night for all the town Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard. ################################ Merchant and ######### am sorry, sir, that I have hinder'd you But, I protest, he had the chain of me, Though most dishonestly he doth deny it. Sec. Mer.@How is the man esteemed here in the city@ Ang.@Of very reverend reputation, sir, Of credit infinite, highly beloved, Second to none that lives here in the city His word might bear my wealth at any time. Sec. Mer.@Speak softly yonder, as I think, he walks. ################ of Syracuse. Ang.'Tis so and that self chain about his neck@ Which he forswore@ most monstrously@ to have. Good sir, draw near to me, I'll speak to him. Signior Antipholus, I wonder much That you would put me to this shame and trouble And, not without some scandal to yourself, With circumstance@ and oaths@ so to deny This chain@ which now you wear so openly Beside@ the charge, the shame, imprisonment, You have done wrong to this my honest friend, Who, but for staying on our controversy, Had hoisted sail@ and put to sea to-day This chain you had of me@ can you deny it Ant. ######## I had I never did deny it. Sec. Mer.@Yes, that you did, sir, and forswore it too. Ant. S.@Who heard me to deny it@ or forswear it Sec. Mer.@These ears of mine, thou know'st, did hear thee. Fie on thee, wretch! 'tis pity@ that thou livest To walk where any honest man resort. Ant. S.Thou art a villain@ to impeach me thus I'll prove mine hono@r and mine honesty Against thee presently, if thou darest stand. Sec. Mer.@I dare, and do defy thee for a villain. They draw. Enter ############################ and others. Adr.@Hold, hurt him not, for God's sakel he is mad. Some get within him, take his sword away Bind Dromio too, and bear them to my house. Dro. S.@Run, master, run for God's sake, take a house! This is some priory. In, or we are spoil'd! Exeunt Ant@@@. ########## S. to the Priory. Enter the Abb.Be quiet, people. Wherefore throng you hither Adr.To fetch my poor distracted husband hence. Let us co@me in, that we may bind him fast@ And bear him home for his recovery. Ang.I knew@ he was not in his perfect wits, Sec. Mer.@I am sorry now@ that I did draw on him. Abb.How long hath this possession held the man @Adr.This week he hath been heavy, sour, sad, And much@ @@@@@different from the man he was But@ till this afternoon@ his passion Ne'er brake into extremity of rage. Abb.Hath he not lost much wealth by wreck of sea@@ Buried some dear friend@ Hath not else his eye Stray'd his affection in unlawful love@ A sin@ prevailing much in youthful men, Who give their eyes the liberty of gazing. Which of these sorrows is he subject to@ Adr.To none of these, except it be the last Namely, some love@ that drew him oft from home. Abb.You should for that have reprehended him. Adr.@Why, so I did. Abb.Ay, but not rough enough. Adr.@As roughly@ as my modesty would let me. Abb.@Haply, in private. Adr.@And in assemblies too. Abb.Ay, but not enough. Adr.@It was the copy of our conference In bed@ he slept not for my urging it At board@ he fed not for my urging it Alone, it was the subject of my theme In company@ I often glanced it Still did I tell him it was vile and bad. Abb.And thereof came it@ that the man was mad The venom clamo@rs of a jealous woman Poisons more deadly than a mad dog's tooth. It seems@ his sleeps were hinder'd by thy railing, And there@o@f comes it@ that his head is light. Thou say'st@ his meat was sauced with thy upbraidings Unquiet meals make ill digestions@ Thereof the raging fire of fever bred And what's a fever but a fit of madne@ss Thou say'st@ his sports were hinder'd by thy brawls Sweet recreation barr'd, what doth ensue@ But moody and dull melancholy, Kinsman to grim and comfortless despair, And@ at her heels@ a huge infectious troop Of pale distemperatures@ and foes to life@ In food, in sport@ and life-preserving rest To be disturb'd, would mad or man@ or beast The consequence is then@ thy jealous fits Have scared thy husband from the use of wits. @Luc.@She never reprehended him but mildly. When he demean'd himself rough, rude@ and wildly. Why bear you these rebukes@ and answer not@ Adr.She did betray me to my own reproof. Good people, enter@ and lay hold on him. Abb.No, not a creature enters in my house. Adr.@Then@ let your servants bring my husband forth. Abb.Neither he took this place for sanctuary, And it shall privilege him from your hands@ Till I have brought him to his wits again, Or lose my labo@r in assaying it. Adr.I will attend my husband, be his nurse, Diet his sickness, for it is my office, And will have no attorney but myself And therefore let me have him home with me. Abb.Be patient for I will not let him stir@ Till I have used the approved means I have, With wholesome syrups, drugs@ and holy prayers, To make of him a formal man again It is a branch and parcel of mine oath, A charitable duty of my order. Therefore depart@ and leave him here with me, Adr.I will not hence@ and leave my husband here And ill it doth beseem your holine@ss To separate the husband and the wife. Abb.Be quiet@ and depart@ thou shalt not have him. Exit. Luc.@Complain unto the duke of this indignity. Adr.Co@me, go I will fall prostrate at his feet@ And never rise until my tears and prayers Have won his grace to co@me in person hither@ And take perforce my husband from the abbess. Sec. Mer.@By this, I think, the dial points at five Anon, @I'm sure, the duke himself in person Co@mes this way to the melancholy vale, The place of death and sorry execution, Behind the ditches of the abbey here. @Ang.@Upon what cause Sec. Mer.@To see a reverend Syracusian merchant, Who put unluckily into this bay Against the laws and statutes of this town, Beheaded publicly for his offence. Ang.See@ where they come we will behold his death. Luc.@Kneel to the duke@ before he pass the abbey. Enter DUKE, ######## AEGEON bare@headed@ with the Headsman and other ############ once again proclaim it publicly, If any friend will pay the sum for him,m He shall not die@ so much we tender him. Adr.Justice, most sacred duke, against the abbess! Duke.She is a virtuous and a reverend lady It cannot be@ that she hath done thee wrong. Adr.@May it please your grace, Antipholus, my hus@band, Whom I made lord of me and all I had, At your important letters,-this ill day A most outrageous fit of madness took him That desperately he hurried through the street, With him his bondman, all as mad as he,-~Doing displeasure to the citizens By rushing in their houses, bearing thence Rings, jewels, any thing his rage did like. Once did I get him bound@ and sent him home, Whilst to take order for the wrongs I went, That here and there his fury had committed. Anon, I wot not by what strong escape, He broke from those that had the guard of him And@ with his mad attendant and himself, Each one with ireful passion, with drawn swords, Met us again@ and@ madly bent on us, Chased us away till, raising of more aid, We came again to bind them. Then they fled Into this abbey, whither we pursued them And here the abbess shuts the gates on us@ And will not suffer us to fetch him out, Nor send him forth@ that we may bear him hence. Therefore, most gracious duke, with thy command@ Let him be brought forth@ and borne hence for help. Duke.@Long since@ thy husband served me in my wars, And I to thee engaged a prince's word, When thou didst make him master of thy bed, To do him all the grace and good I could. Go, some of you, knock at the abbey-gate@ And bid the lady abbess come to me. I will determine this@ before I stir. Enter a Servant. Serv.O mistress, mistress, shift and save yourself! My master and his man are both broke loose, Beaten the maids a-row@ and bound the doctor, Whose beard they have singed off with brands of fire And ever, as it blazed, they threw on him Great pails of puddled mire to quench the hair My master preaches patience to him and the while His man with scissors nicks him like a fool, And@ sure, unless you send some present help, Between them they will kill the conjurer. Adr.Peace, fool! thy master and his man are here, And that is false@ thou dost report to us. Serv.@Mistress, upon my life, I tell you true I have not breathed almost@ since I did see it. He cries for you, and vows, if he can take you, To scorch your face@ and to disfigure you. Cry within. Hark, hark! I hear him, mistress fly, be gone! Duke.@Co@me, stand by me@ fear nothing. Guard @and ######### Adr.Ay me, it is my husband! Witness you, That he is borne about invisible Even now we hous@ed him in the abbey here And now he's there, past thought of human reason. Enter ######################################### most gracious duke, O@, grant me justice! Even for the service that long since I did thee, When I bestrid thee in the wars@ and took Deep scars to save thy life even for the blood That then I lost for thee, now grant me justice. AEg@e.@Unless the fear of death doth make me dote, I see my son Antipholus@ and Dromio. Ant. E.@Justice, sweet prince, against that woman there! She whom thou gavest to me to be my wife, That hath abused and dishono@r'd me@ Even in the strength and height of injury! Beyond imagination is the wrong@ That she this day hath shameless thrown on me. Duke.@Discover how, and thou shalt find me just. Ant. E.This day, great duke, she shut the doors upon me, While she with harlots feasted in my house. Duke.@A grievous fault! Say, woman, didst thou so Adr.No, my good lord @myself, he@ and my sister@ To-day did dine together. So befall my soul@ As this is false@ he burdens me withal! Luc.@Ne'er may I look on day, nor sleep on night, But she tells to your highness simple truth! Ang.O perjured woman! They are both forsworn@ In this the madman justly chargeth them. Ant. E.My liege, I am advised what I say, Neither disturbed with the effect of wine, Nor heady-rash, provoked with raging ire, Albeit@ my wrongs might make one wiser mad. This woman lock'd me out this day from dinner That goldsmith there, were he not pack'd with @her, Could witness it, for he was with me then@ Who parted with me to go fetch a chain, Promising to bring it to the Porpentine, Where Balthazar and I did dine together. Our dinner done, and he not coming thither, I went to seek him in the street I meet him And in his company@ that gentleman. There did this perjured goldsmith swear me down@ That I this day of him received the chain, Which, God he knows, I saw not for the which@ He did arrest me with an officer. I did obey, and sent my peasant home For certain ducats he with none return'd@ Then fairly I bespoke the officer@ To go in person with me to my house. By the way we met My wife, her sister, and a rabble more Of vile confederates. Along with them They brought one Pinch, a hungry lean-faced villain, A mere anatomy, a mountebank, A thread@bare juggler@ and a forutne-teller, A needy, hollow-eyed, sharp-looking wretch, A living-dead man this pernicious slave, Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer, And, gazing in mine eyes, feeling my pulse, And with no face, as 'twere, outfacing me, Cries out, I was possess'd. Then all together They fell upon me, bound me, bore me thence And in a dark and dankish vault at home There left me and my man, both bound together Till, gnawing with my teeth my bonds in sunder, I gain'd my freedom@ and immediately Ran hither to your grace whom I beseech To give me ample satisfaction For these deep shames and great indignities. Ang.My lord, in truth, thus far I witness with him, That he dined not at home, but was lock'd out. Duke.@But had he such a chain of thee or no Ang.He had, my lord and when he ran in here, These people saw the chain about his neck. Sec. Mer.@Besides, I will be sworn@ these ears of mine Heard you confe@ss you had the chain of him@ After you first foreswore it on the mart@ And@ thereupon@ I drew my sword on you And then you fled into this abbey here, From whence, I think, you are come by miracle. Ant. E.@I never came within these abbey@walls, Nor ever didst thou draw thy sword on me I never saw the chain, so help me Heaven! And this is false@ you burden me withal. Duke.@Why, what an intricate impeach is this! I think@ you all have drunk of Circe's cup. If here you housed him, here he would have been If he were mad, he would not plead so coldly You say@ he dined at home the goldsmith here Denies that saying. Sirrah, what say you@@ Dro. E.@Sir, he dined with her there, at the Porpentine. Cour.@He did, and from my finger snatch'd that ring. Ant. E.'Tis true, my liege@ this ring I had of her. Duke.@Saw'st thou him enter at the abbey here@ Cour.@As sure, my liege, as I do see your grace. Duke.Why, this is strange. Go call the abbess hither. I think@ you are all mated@ or stark mad. ################## mighty duke, vouchsafe me speak a word@ Haply@ I see a friend will save my life@ And pay the sum that may deliver me. Duke.@Speak freely, Syracusian, what thou wilt. AEge.Is not your name, sir, call@'d Antipholus@ And is not that your bondman, Dromio@ Dro. E.Within this hour I was his bondman, sir, But he, I thank him, gnaw'd in two my cords Now am I Dromio@ and his man@ unbound. AEge.I am sure@ you both of you remember me. Dro. E.@Ourselves we do remember, sir, by you For lately we were bound, as you are now@ You are not Pinch's patient, are you, sir@ AEge.@Why look you strange on me@@ you know me well. Ant. E.I never saw you in my life@ till now. AEge.O, grief hath changed me@ since you saw me last, And careful hours@ with time's deformed hand Have written strange defeatures in my face But tell me yet, dost thou not know my voice@@ Ant. E.@Neither. AEge.Dromio, nor thou@ Dro. E.@No, trust me, sir, nor I. AEge.I am sure@ thou dost. Dro. @E.@Ay, sir, but I am sure@ I do not and whatso@ever a man denies, you are now bound to believe him. AEge.Not know my voice! @O time's extremity, Hast thou so crack'd and splitted my poor tongue@ In seven short years, that here my only son Knows not my feeble key of untuned cares@@ Though now this grained face of mine be hid In sap-consuming winter's drizzled snow, And all the conduits of my blood froze up, Yet hath my night of life some memory, My wasting lamps some fading glimmer left, My dull deaf ears a little use to hear All these old witnesses-I cannot err-~Tell me@ thou art my son Antipholus, Ant. E.@I never saw my father in my life. AEg@e.@But seven years since, in Syracusa, boy, Thou know'st@ we parted but@ perhaps, my son, Thou shamest to acknowledge me in misery. Ant. E.@The duke@ and all that know me in the city@ Can witness with me that it is not so I ne'er saw Syracusa in my life. Duke.@I tell thee, Syracusian, twenty years Have I been patron to Antipholus, During which time he ne'er saw Syracusa I see@ thy age and dangers make thee dote. ################################# ######### ######### Abb.Most mighty duke, behold a man much wrong'd. All gather to see ######### see two husbands, or mine eyes deceive me. Duke.@One of these men is Genius to the other And so of these. Which is the natural man, And which the spirit@ who deciphers them@ Dro. S.@I, sir, am Dromio command him away. Dro. E.@I, sir, am Dromio pray, let me stay. Ant. S.@AEgeon@ art thou not@ or else his ghost Dro. S.O, my old master! who hath bound him here Abb.Whoever bound him, I will loose his bonds@ And gain a husband by his liberty. Speak, old AEgeon, if thou be'st the man That hadst a wife once call'd AEmilia@ That bore thee at a burden two fair sons O, if thou be'st the same AEgeon, speak, And speak unto the same AEmilia! AEge.@If I dream not, thou art AEmilia If thou art she, tell me@ where is that son That floated with thee on the fatal raft Abb.By men of Epidamnum@ he@ and I@ And the twin Dromio@ all were taken up But@ by and by@ rude fishermen of Corinth By force took Dromio@ and my son from them@ And me they left with those of@ Epidamnum. What then became of them@ I cannot tell I@ to this fortune that you see me in. Duke.Why, here begins his morning story right These two Antipholuses, these two so like, And these two Dromios, one in semblance,-~Besides her urging of her wreck at sea,-~These are the parents to these children, Which accidentally are met together. Antipholus, thou camest from Corinth first@ Ant. S.No, sir, not I I came from Syracuse. Duke.@Stay, stand apart I know not which is which. Ant. E.I came from Corinth, my most gracious lord,-~ ############# I with him. Ant. E.@Brought to this town by that most famous warrior, Duke Menaphon, your most renowned uncle. Adr.Which of you two did dine with me to-day Ant. S.I, gentle mistress. Adr.And are not you my husband@ Ant. E.No@ I say nay to that. S.And so do I@ yet did she call me so And this fair gentlewoman, her sister here, Did call me brother. To ##### I told you then, I hope@ I shall have leisure to make good If this be not a dream@ I see@ and hear. Ang.That is the chain, sir, which you had of me. Ant. S.I think it be, sir I deny it not. Ant. E.And you, sir, for this chain arrested me. Ang.I think I did, sir I deny it not. Adr.I sent you money, sir, to be your bail, By Dromio but I think he brought it not. Dro. E.@No, none by me. Ant. S.This purse of ducats I received from you, And Dromio, my man, did bring them me. I see@ we still did meet each other's man, And I was ta'en for him, and he for me, And thereupon these ERRORS are arose. Ant. E.These ducats pawn I for my father here. Duke.It shall not need@ thy father hath his life. Cour.@Sir, I must have that diamond from you. Ant. E.There, take it and much thanks for my good cheer. Abb.Renowned duke, vouchsafe to take the pains To go with us into the abbey here@ And hear at large discoursed all our fortunes And all that are assembled in this place, That by this sympathized one day's error Have suffer'@d wrong, go@ keep us company, And we shall make full satisfaction. Thirty-three years have I but gone in travail Of you, my sons @and till this present hour@ My heavy burthen ne'er delivered. The duke, my husband@ and my children both, And you the calendars of their nativity, Go to a gossips' feast, and go with me After so long grief, such festivity! Duke.@With all my heart@ I'll gossip at this feast. ############################################################## S.Master, shall I fetch your stuff from ship@board@ Ant. E.@Dromio, what stuffof mine hast thou embark'd@ Dro. S.@Your goods@ that lay at host, sir, in the@ Centaur. Ant. S.He speaks to me. I am your master, Dromio Come, go with us we'll look to that anon Embrace thy brother there@ rejoice with him. ########################################### E. Dro. S.@There is a fat friend at your master's house, That kitchen'd me for you to-day at dinner She now shall be my sister, not my wife. Dro. @E.@Methinks@ you are my glass, and not my brother I see by you@ I am a sweet-faced youth. Will you walk in to see their gossiping@@ Dro. S.@Not I, sir you are my elder. Dro. E.That's a question how shall we try it@ @Dro. S.We'll draw cuts for the senior till then@ lead thou first. Dro. E.Nay, then, thus We came into the world@ like brother and brother And now let's go hand in hand, not one before ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ this letter@ that Don Peter of Arragon comes this night to Messina. Mess.He is very near by this he was not three leagues off when I left him. Leon.@How many gentlemen have you lost in this action@ Mess.But few of any sort, and none of name. Leon.@A victory is twice itself@ when the achiever brings home full numbers. I find here@ that Don Peter hath be@stowed much hono@r on a young Florentine@ called Claudio. Mess.Much deserved on his part@ and equally remem@bered by Don Pedro he hath borne himself beyond the promise of his age, doing, in the figure of a lamb, the feats of a lion he hath@ indeed@ better bettered expectation@ than you must expect of me to tell you how. Leon.@He hath an uncle here in Messina will be very much glad of it. Mess.I have already delivered him letters, and there ap@pears much joy in him even so much@ that joy could not show itself modest enough@ without a badge of bitterness. Leon.@Did he break out into tears@@ Mess.In great measure. Leon.A kind overflow of kindness there are no faces truer than those that are so washed. How much better is it to weep at joy@ than to joy at weeping@! Beat.@I pray you, is Signior Mountanto returned from the wars@ or no@ Mess.I know none of that name, lady there was none such in the army of any sort. Leon.@What is he that you ask for, niece @@Hero.@My cousin means Signior Benedick of Padua. Mess.O, he@'s returned and as pleasant as ever he was. Beat.@He set up his bills here in Messina@ and challenged Cupid at the flight and my uncle's fool, reading the chal@lenge, subscribed for Cupid, and challenged him at the bird-bolt. I pray you, how many hath he killed and eaten in these wars@ But how many hath he killed@ for@ indeed@ I promised@ to eat all of his killing. Leon.@Faith, niece, you tax Signior Benedick too much but he@@'ll be meet with you, I doubt it not. Mess.He hath done good service, lady, in these wars. Beat.@You had musty victual, and he hath holp to eat it he is a very valiant trencher@man@ he hath an excellent stomach. Mess.And a good soldier too, lady. Beat.@And a good soldier to a lady @but what is he to a lord @@Mess.A lord to a lord, a man to a man stuffed with all hono@rable virtues. Beat.@It is so, indeed he is no less than a stuffed man but for the stuffing,-well, we are all mortal. Leon.You must not, sir, mistake my niece. There is a kind of merry war betwixt Signior Benedick and her they never meet@ but there@'s a skirmish of wit between them. Beat.@Alas! he gets nothing by that. In our last conflict@ four of his five wits went halting off, and now is the whole man governed with one so that if he have wit enough to keep himself warm, let him bear it for a difference between himself and his horse for it is all the wealth that he hath left, to be known a reasonable creature. Who is his com@panion now @@He hath every month a new sworn brother. Mess.Is@'t possible@ Beat.@Very easily possible he wears his faith but as the fashion of his hat@ it ever changes with the next block. Mess.I see, lady, the gentleman is not in your books. Beat.@No an he were, I would burn my study. But, I pray you, who is his companion @@Is there no young squarer now@ that will make a voyage with him to the devil@ Mess.He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio. Beat.@O Lord, he will hang upon him like a disease he is sooner caught than the pestilence, and the taker runs presently mad. God help the noble Claudio! if he have caught the Benedick, it will cost him a thousand pound ere a' be cured. Mess.I will hold friends with you, lady. Beat.@Do, good friend. Leon.@You will never run mad, niece. Beat.@No, not till a hot January. Mess.Don Pedro is approached. Enter DON ################################################# Signior Leonato, you are come to meet your trouble the fashion of the world is to avoid cost, and you encounter it. Leon.Never came trouble to my house in the likeness of your grace for trouble being gone, comfort should remain but@ when you depart from me, sorrow abides@ and happi@ness takes his leave. D. Pedro.@You embrace your charge too willingly. I think@ this is your daughter. Leon.@Her mother hath many times told me so. Bene.@Were you in doubt, sir, that you asked her@ Leon.@Signior Benedick, no for then were you a child. D. Pedro.@You have it full, Benedick we may guess by this what you are, being a man. Truly, the lady fathers herself. Be happy, lady@ for you are like an hono@rable father. Bene.@If Signior Leonato be her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders@ for all Messina, as like him as she is. Beat.@I wonder@ that you will still be talking, Signior Benedick nobody marks you. Bene.@What, my dear Lady Disdain! are you yet livingng Beat.@Is it possible@ disdain should die@ while she hath such meet food to feed it@ as Signior Benedickck Courtesy it@self must convert to disdain, if you co@me in her presence. Bene.@Then is courtesy a turn@coat. But it is certain@ I am loved of all ladies, only you excepted and I would I could find in my heart that I had not a hard heart for, truly, I love none. Beat.@A dear happiness to women they would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor. I thank God@ and my cold blood, I am of your humo@r for that I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow@ than a man swear he loves me. Bene.@God keep your ladyship still in that mind! so some gentleman or other shall 'scape a predestinate scratched face. Beat.Scratching could not make it worse, an 'twere such a face as yours were. Bene.@Well, you are a rare parrot-teacher. Beat.A bird of my tongue@ is better than a beast of yours. Bene.@I would@ my horse had the speed of your tongue, and so good a continuer. But keep your way, i' God's name I have done. Beat.@You always end with a jade's trick I know you of old. D. Pedro.@That is the sum of all, Leonato. Signior Clau@dio@ and Signior Benedick, my dear friend Leonato@ hath invited you all. I tell him@ we shall stay here at the least a month and he heartily prays@ some occasion may detain us longer. I dare swear he is no hypocrite, but prays from his heart. Leon.@If you swear, my lord, you shall not be forsworn. John Let me bid you welcome, my lord being reconciled to the prince your brother, I owe you all duty. John.I thank you I am not of many words, but I thank you. Leon.Please it your grace lead on D. Pedro.@Your hand, Leonato we will go together. ########## Benedick and Claudio. Claud.@Benedick, didst thou note the daughter of Signior Leonato@@ Bene.@I noted her not but I looked on her. Claud.@Is she not a modest young lady@ Bene.@Do you question me, as an honest man should do, for my simple true judgement@@ or would you have me speak after my custom, as being a professed tyrant to their sex@ Claud.@No@ I pray thee@ speak in sober judgement. Bene.@Why, i' faith, methinks she@'s too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise@ and too little for a great praise only this commendation I can afford her, that@ were she other than she is, she were unhandsome and being no other but as she is, I do not like her. Claud.@Thou thinkest@ I am in sport I pray thee@ tell me truly how thou likest her. Bene.@Would you buy her, that you inquire after her@ Claud.@Can the world buy such a jewelel Bene.@Yea, and a case to put it into. But speak you this with a sad brow @@or do you play the flouting Jack, to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder@ and Vulcan a rare car@penter @@Co@me, in what key shall a man take you, to go in the song@ Claud.@In mine eye@ she is the sweetest lady that ever I looked on. Bene.@I can see yet without spectacles@ and I see no such matter there's her cousin, an she were not possessed with a fury, exceeds her as much in beauty@ as the first of May doth the last of December. But I hope@ you have no intent to turn husband, have you @@Claud.@I would scarce trust myself, though I had sworn the contrary, if Hero would be my wife. ############## to this@ In faith, hath not the world one man@ but he will wear his cap with suspicion@@ Shall I never see a bachelor of threescore again@ Go to, i' faith an thou wilt needs thrust thy neck into a yoke, wear the print of it@ and sigh away Sundays. Look@ Don Pedro is returned to seek you. Re-enter DON ####### Pedro.@What secret hath held you here, that you followed not to Leonato's@ Bene.@I would@ your grace would constrain me to tell. Pedro.@I charge thee on thy allegiance. Bene.@You hear, Count Claudio I can be secret as a dumb man@ I would have you think so but, on my allegiance, mark you this, on my allegiance. He is in love. With who@ now that is your grace's part. Mark@ how short his answer is -With Hero, Leonato's short daughter. Claud.@If this were so, so were it uttered. Bene.@Like the old tale, my lord 'it is not so, nor 'twas not so, but, indeed, God forbid it should @be so. Claud.@If my passion change not shortly, God forbid it should be otherwise. D. Pedro.@Amen, if you love her for the lady is very well worthy. Claud.@You speak this to fetch me in, my lord. D. Pedro.@By my troth, I speak my thought. Claud.And, in faith, my lord, I spoke mine. Bene.@And, by my two faiths and troths, my lord, I spoke mine. Claud.@That I love her, I feel. D. Pedro.@That she is worthy, I know. Bene.@That I neither feel how she should be loved@ nor know how she should be worthy, is the opinion that fire cannot melt out of me I will die in it at the stake. Pedro.@Thou wast ever an obstinate heretic in the de@spite of beauty. Claud.@And never could maintain his part@ but in the force of his will. Bene.@That a woman conceived me, I thank her that she brought me up, I likewise give her most humble thanks but that I will have a recheat winded in my forehead, or hang my bugle in an invisible baldrick, all women shall pardon me. Because I will not do them the wrong to mis@trust any, I will do myself the right to trust none and the fine is, for the which I may go the finer, I will live a ba@chelor. D. Pedro.@I shall see thee, ere I die, look pale with love. Bene.@With anger, with sickness, or with hunger, my lord, not with love prove@ that ever I lose more blood with love@ than I will get again with drinking, pick out mine eyes with a ballad-maker's pen@ and hang me up at the door of a brothel-house@ for the sign of blind Cupid. D. Pedro.@Well, if ever thou dost fall from this faith, thou wilt prove a notable argument. Bene.@If I do, hang me in a bottle like a cat@ and shoot at me and he that hits me, let him be clapped on the shoulder, and called Adam. Pedro.@Well, as time shall try 'In time the savage bull doth bear ########## savage bull may but if ever the sensible Be@nedick bear it, pluck off the bull's horns@ and set them in my forehead and let me be vilely painted, and in such great letters as they write 'Here is a good horse to hire,' let them signify under my ############## see Benedick t@he married man.' Claud.@If this should ever happen, thou would@st be horn-mad. D. Pedro.@Nay, if Cupid have not spent all his quiver in Venice, thou wilt quake for this shortly. Bene.@I look for an earthquake too, then. D. Pedro.@Well, you will temporize with the hours. In the mean@time, good Signior Ben@dick, repair to Leonato's com@mend me to him@ and tell him I will not fail him at supper for@ indeed@ he hath made great preparation. Bene.@I have almost matter enough in me for such an em@bassage and so I commit you~ Claud.@@To the tuition of God From my house, if I had it,~ D. Pedro.@@The sixth of July Your loving friend, Benedick. Bene.@Nay, mock not, mock not. The body of your dis@course is sometime guarded with fragments, and the guards are but slightly basted on neither ere you flout old ends any further, examine your conscience and so I leave you. Exit. Claud.@My liege, your highness now may do me good. D. Pedro.@My love is thine to teach teach it but how, And thou shalt see how apt it is to learn Any hard lesson that may do thee good. Claud.@Hath Leonato any son, my lord D. Pedro.@No child but Hero@ she's his only heir. Dost thou affect her, Claudio@@ Claud.O, my lord, When you went onward on this ended action, I look'd upon her with a soldier's eye, That liked, but had a rougher task in hand Than to drive liking to the name of love But now I am return'd@ and that war-thoughts Have left their places vacant, in their rooms Co@me thronging soft and delicate desires, All prompting me how fair young Hero is, Saying, I liked her ere I went to wars. D. Pedro.@Thou wilt be like a lover presently@ And tire the hearer with a book of words. If thou dost love fair Hero, cherish it, And I will break with her@ and with her father, And thou shalt have her. Was't not to this end@ That thou began'st to twist so fine a story@ Claud.@How sweetly you do@ minister to love, That know love's grief by his complexion! But lest my liking might too sudden seem, I would have salved it with a longer treatise. D. Pedro.@What need the bridge much broader than the flood@ The fairest grant is the necessity. Look, what will serve@ is fit 'tis once, thou lovest, And I will fit thee with the remedy. I know@ we shall have revelling to-night I will assume thy part in some disguise@ And tell fair Hero I am Claudio, And in her bosom I'll unclasp my heart@ And take her hearing prisoner with the force And strong encounter of my amorous tale Then@ after@ to her father will I break And@ the conclusion is, she shall be thine. In practice let us put it presently. Exeunt. SCENE ######### in ######### house. #################################### now, brother! Where is my cousin, your son@ hath he provided this music@@ Ant.@He is very busy about it. But, brother, I can tell you strange news that you yet dream@t not of. Leon.@Are they good Ant.As the event stamps them but they have a good cover@ they show well outward. The prince and Count Claudio, walking in a thick-pleached alley in mine orchard, were @@@@@much overheard by a man of mine the prince discovered to Claudio@ that he loved my niece your daugh@ter@ and meant to acknowledge it this night in a dance and@ if he found her accordant, he meant to take the present time by the top@ and instantly break with you of it. Leon.Hath the fellow any wit@ that told you thist.A good sharp fellow I will send for him@ and question him yourself. Leon.No, no we will hold it as a dream@ till it appear itself but I will acquaint my daughter withal, that she may be the better prepared for an answer, if peradventure this be true. Go you@ and tell her of it. ######################### Cousins, you know what you have to do. O, I cry you mercy, friend go you with me, and I will use your skill. Good cousin@, have a care this busy time. ######################################################################################## the good-year, my lord! why are you thus out of measure sad D. John.@There is no measure in the occasion that breeds@@@@ therefore the sadness is without limit. Con.@You should hear reason. D. John.And when I have heard it, what blessing bring@@@s it@ Con@.@If not a present remedy, least a patient ########## # wonder@ that thou, being, as thou sayest thou art, born under Saturn, goest about to apply a moral medi@cine to a mortifying mischief. I cannot hide what I am I must be sad when I have cause@ and smile at no man's jests, eat when I have stomach@ and wait for no man's leisure, sleep when I am drowsy@ and tend on no man's business, laugh when I am merry@ and claw no man in his humo@r. Con@.@Yea, but you must not make the full show of this@ till you may do it without contro@lment. You have of late stood out against your brother, and he hath ta'en you newly into his grace where it is impossible you should take true root@ but by the fair weather that you make yourself it is needful that you frame the season for your own ############### had rather be a canker in a hedge@ than a rose in his grace, and it better fits my blood to be disdained of all@ than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any in this, though I cannot be said to be a flattering honest man, it must not be denied but I am a plain-dealing villain. I am trusted with a muzzle@ and enfranchised with a clog therefore I have decreed not to sing in my cage. If I had my mouth, I would bite if I had my liberty, I would do my liking in the mean@time@ let me be that I am@ and seek not to alter me. Con@.@Can you make no use of your discontent D. John.@I make all use of it, for I use it only. Who co@mes ########################################## Bora.@I came yonder from a great supper the prince@ your brother@ is royally entertained by Leonato and I can give you intelligence of an intended marriage. D. John.Will it serve for any model to build mischief on@ What is he for a fool@ that betroths himself to unquietne@ss Bora.@Marry, it is your brother's right hand. @D. John.Who@ the most exquisite Claudio@ Bora.@Even #### John.A proper squire! And who, and who@ which way looks he@ Bora.@Marry, on Hero, the daughter and@ heir of Leonato. D. John.A very forward March-chick! How came you to this@ Bora.@Being entertained for a perfumer, as I was smok@ing a musty room, co@mes me the prince and Claudio, hand in hand, in sad conference I whip@t me behind the arras and there heard it agreed upon@ that the prince should woo Hero for himself, and having obtained her, give her to Count Claudio. ############# co@me, let us thither this may prove food to my displeasure. That young start-up hath all the glory of my overthrow if I can cross him any way, I bless myself every way. You are both sure, and will assist me@ Con@.@To the death, my lord. John.Let us to the great supper their cheer is the greater@ that I am subdued. Would the cook were of my @mind! Shall we go prove what@'s to be done@@ Bora.@We@@'ll wait upon your lordship. ############################### in LEONATO'S house. ##################################################### not Count John here at supper Ant.I saw him not. Beat.@How tartly that gentleman looks! I never can see him@ but I am heart-burned an hour after. Hero.@He is of a very melancholy disposition. Beat.@He were an excellent man@ that were made just in the midway between him and Benedick the one is too like an image@ and says nothing, and the other@ too like my la@dy's eldest son, evermore tattling. Leon.@Then half Signior Benedick's tongue in Count John's mouth, and half Count John's melancholy in Signior Bene@dick's face,~ Beat.@With a good leg@ and a good foot, uncle, and mo@ney enough in his purse, such a man would win any woman in the world, if a' could get her good-will. Leon.@By my troth, niece, thou wilt never get thee a hus@band, if thou be so shrewd of thy tongue. Ant.@In faith, she@'s too curst. Beat.@Too curst is more than curst I shall lessen God's sending that way for it is said, 'God sends a curst cow short horns ' but to a cow too curst he sends none. Leon.@So, by being too curst, God will send you no horns. Beat.Just, if he send me no husband for the which blessing@ I am at him upon my knees every morning and evening. Lord, I could not endure a husband with a beard on his face I had rather lie in the woollen. Leon.You may light on a husband that hath no beard. Beat.@What should I do with him@ dress him in my apparel@ and make him my waiting~gentlewoman @@He that hath a beard@ is more than a youth, and he that hath no beard@ is less than a man and he that is more than a youth@ is not for me, and he that is less than a man, I am not for him therefore I will even take sixpence in earnest of the bear-ward, and lead his apes into hell. Leon.Well, then, go you into hell @@Beat.@No, but to the gate and there will the devil meet me, like an old cuckold, with horns on his head, and say 'Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven here's no ############ maids ' so deliver I up my apes, and away to Saint Peter for the heavens he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long. Well, niece, I trust you will be ruled by your ############################ faith it is my cousin's duty to make c@urt@sy@ and say 'Father, ############ yet for all that, cou@sin, let him be a handsome fellow, or else make another c@urt@sy@ and ######### please me.' Leon.@Well, niece, I hope to see you one day fitted with a husband. Beat.@Not till God make men of some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be over@mastered with a piece of valiant dust @@to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward mar@l No, uncle, I'll none Adam's sons are my brethren and, truly, I hold it a sin to match in my kindred. Leon.@Daughter, remember what I told you if the prince do solicit you in that kind, you know your answer. Beat.@The fault will be in the music, cousin, if you be not wooed in good time if the prince be too important, tell him@ there is measure in every thing@ and so dance out the answer. For, hear me, Hero@ wooing, wedding, and re@penting, is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a cinque pace the first suit is hot and hasty, like a Scotch @jig, and full as fantastical the wedding, mannerly-modest, as a measure, full of state and ancientry and then comes repentance@ and, with his bad legs, falls into the cinque pace faster and faster, till he sink into his grave. Leon.Cousin, you apprehend passing shrewdly. Beat.@I have a good eye, uncle I can see a church by day@light. Leon.@The revellers are entering, brother@ make good ############### #################################################################### and others, masked. D. Pedro.@Lady, will you walk about with your friend @@Hero.@So you walk softly@ and look sweetly@ and say no@thing, I am yours for the walk and@ especially@ when I walk away. D. Pedro.@With me in your company@@ Hero.@I may say so, when I please. D. Pedro.@And when please you to say so@@ Hero.@When I like your favo@r for God defend@ the lute should be like the case! D. Pedro.@My visor is Philemon's roof within the house is Jove. Hero.@Why, then, your visor should be thatched. D. Pedro.@Speak low, if you speak ################# I would you did like me. Marg.@So would not I, for your own sake for I have many ill qualities. Balth.@Which is onene Marg.@I say my prayers aloud. Balth.@I love you the better@ the hearers may cry, Amen. Marg.@God match me with a good dancer! Balth.Amen. Marg.@And God keep him out of my sight@ when the dance is done! Answer, clerk. Balth.No more words the clerk is answered. Urs.@I know you well enough you are Signior An@tonio. Ant.@At a word, I am not. Urs.@I know you by the waggling of your head. Ant.@To tell you true, I counterfeit him. Urs.@You could never do him so ill-well, unless you were the very man. Here@'s his dry hand up and down you are he, you are he. Ant.@At a word, I am not. Urs.@Co@me, come, do you think I do not know you by your excellent wit@ can virtue hide itself@ Go to, mum, you are he graces will appear, and there@'s an end. Beat.@Will you not tell me who told you so @@Bene.@No, you shall pardon me. Beat.@Nor will you not tell me who you are@@ Bene.@Not now. Beat.@That I was disdainful, and that I had my good wit out of the ################# this was Sig@nior Benedick that said so. Bene.@What@'s he@@ Beat.@I am sure@ you know him well enough. Bene.@Not I, believe me. Beat.@Did he never make you laugh@@ Bene.@I pray you, what is he@@ Beat.@Why, he is the prince's jester a very dull fool only his gift is in devising impossible slanders none but libertines delight in him and the commendation is not in his wit, but in his villa@ny for he both pleases men@ and angers them, and then they laugh at him@ and beat him. I am sure@ he is in the fleet I would he had boarded me. Bene.@When I know the gentleman,@@ I'll tell him what you say. Beat.Do, do he@@'ll but break a comparison or two on me which, peradventure@ not marked@ or not laughed at, strikes him into melancholy and then there@'s a partridge@ wing saved, for the fool will eat no supper that night. Music. We must follow the ############################## every good thing. Beat.@Nay, if they lead to any ill, I will leave them at the next ############################# Borachio, and Claudio. D. John.@Sure@ my brother is amorous on Hero@ and hath withdrawn her father to break with him about it. The la@dies follow her@ and but one visor r@em@ains. @Bora.@And that is Claudio I know him by his bearing. D. John.Are not you Signior Benedick@@ Claud.@You know me well I am he. D. John.Signior, you are very near my brother in his love he is enamo@red on Hero I pray you, dissuade him from her@ she is no equal for his birth you may do the part of an honest man in it. Claud.@How know you he loves her ################ him swear his affection. Bora.@So did I too and he swore he would marry her to-night. ############ let us to the ###################### Claud.@Thus answer I in name of Benedick, But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio. 'Tis certain so the prince wooes for himself. Friendship is constant in all other things@ Save in the office and affairs of love Therefore, all hearts in love use their own tongues Let every eye negotiate for itself@ And trust no agent for beauty is a witch@ Against whose charms faith melteth into blood. This is an accident of hourly proof, Which I mistrusted not. Farewell, therefore, ############## Bene.@Count Claudio@ Claud.@Yea, the same. Bene.@Co@me, will you go with me@ Claud.@Whither@ Bene.@Even to the next willow, about your own business, county. What fashion will you wear the garland of@ about your neck, like an usurer's chain@ or under your arm, like a lieutenant's scarf@ You must wear it one way, for the prince hath got your Hero. Claud.@I wish him joy of her. Bene.@Why, that@'s spoken like an honest drovier so they sell bullocks. But did you think@ the prince would have served you thus@ Claud.@I pray you, leave me, Bene.@Ho! now you strike like the blind man 't@was the boy that stole your meat, and you@@'ll beat the post. Claud.@If it will not be, @@I'll leave you. Exit. Bene.@Alas, poor hurt fowl! now will he creep into sedges. But@ that my Lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me! The prince's fool! Ha@ It may be@ I go under that title@ because I am merry. Yea, but so I am apt to do myself wrong I am not so reputed it is the base, though bitter, disposition of Beatrice@ that puts the world into her person, and so gives me out. Well, @@I'll be revenged as I may. Re-enter ###################################### signior, where@'s the count@ did you see him@ Bene.@Troth, my lord, I have played the part of Lady Fame. I found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a war@ren I told him, and@ I think@ I told him true, that your grace had got the good will of this young lady and I offered him my company to a willow-tree, either to make him a garland, as being forsaken, or to bind him up a rod, as being worthy to be whipped. D. Pedro.@To be whipped! What@'s his fault@ Bene.@The flat transgression of a school-boy, who, being overjoyed with finding a birds' nest, shows it his compa@nion, and he steals it. D. Pedro.@Wilt thou make a trust a transgression@@ The trans@gression is in the stealer. Bene.@Yet it had not been ami@ss the rod had been made, and the garland too for the garland he might have worn himself, and the rod he might have bestowed on you, who, as I take it, have stolen his birds' nest. D. Pedro.@I will but teach them to sing, and restore them to the owner. Bene.@If their singing answer your saying, by my faith, you say honestly. Pedro.@The Lady Beatrice hath a quarrel to you the gen@tleman@ that danced with her@ told her@ she is much wronged by you. Bene.@O, she misused me past the endurance of a block! an oak@ but with one green leaf on it@ would have answered her my very visor began to assume life@ and scold with her. She told me, not thinking I had been myself, that I was the prince's jester, that I was duller than a great thaw huddling jest upon jest@ with such impossible conveyance@ upon me@ that I stood like a man at a mark, with a whole army shooting at me. She speaks poniards, and every word stabs if her breath were as terrible as her terminations, there were no living near her@ she would infect to the north star. I would not marry her, though she were endowed with all that Adam had left him before he transgressed she would have made Hercules have turned spit, yea, and have cleft his club to make the fire too. Come, talk not of her you shall find her the infernal Ate in good apparel. I would to God@ some scholar would @conjure her for@ certainly, while she is here, a man may live as quiet in hell@ as in a sanctuary and people sin upon purpose, because they would go thither so, indeed, all disquiet, horror@ and perturba@tion follows her. Re-enter ############################################################ your grace command me any service to the world's end@ I will go on the slightest errand now to the Antipodes@ that you can devise to send me on I will fetch @you a tooth-picker now from the furthest inch of Asia, bring you the length of Prester John's foot, fetch you a hair off the great Cham's beard, do you any embassage to the Pigmies, rather than hold three words' conference with this harpy. You have no employment for me D. Pedro.@None, but to desire your good company. Bene.@O God, sir, here's a dish I love not I cannot en@dure my Lady Tongue. Exit. D. Pedro.@Come, lady, co@me you have lost the heart of Signior Benedick. Beat.@Indeed, my lord, he lent it me a@while and I gave him use for it, a double heart for his single one marry, once before@ he won it of me with false dice, therefore your grace may well say@ I have lost it. Pedro.@You have put him down, lady, you have put him down. Beat.@So I would not he should do me, my lord, lest I should prove the mother of fools. I have brought Count Claudio, whom you sent me to seek. Pedro.@Why, how now, count@! wherefore are you sad@@ Claud.@Not sad, my lord. D. Pedro.@How then@ sick@ Claud.@Neither, my lord. Beat.@The count is neither sad, nor sick, nor merry, nor well but civil@ count, civil as an orange, and something of that jealous complexion. D. Pedro.@I' faith, lady, I think your blazon to be true though,@@ I'll be sworn, if he be so, his conceit is false. Here, Claudio, I have wooed in thy name, and fair Hero is won I have broke with her father, and his good will obtained name the day of marriage, and God give thee joy! Leon.@Count, take of me my daughter, and with her my fortunes his grace hath made the match, and all grace say Amen to it. Beat.@Speak, count, 't@is your cue. Claud.@Silence is the perfectest herald of joy I were but little happy, if I could say how much. Lady, as you are mine, I am yours I give away myself for you@ and dote upon the exchange. Beat.Speak, cousin or, if you cannot, stop his mouth with a kiss, and let not him speak neither. D. Pedro.@In faith, lady, you have a merry heart. Beat.@Yea, my lord I thank it, poor fool, it keeps on the windy side of care. My cousin tells him in his ear@ that he is in her heart. Claud.@And so she doth, cousin. Beat.@Good Lord, for alliance@! Thus goes every one to the world but I, and I am sun@burn@t I may sit in a cor@ner@ and cry@ heigh-ho@ for a husband! D. Pedro.@Lady Beatrice, I will get you one. Beat.@I would rather have one of your father's getting. Hath your grace ne'er a brother like you @@Your father got excellent husbands, if a maid could come by them. D. Pedro.@Will you have me, lady @@Beat.@No, my lord, unless I might have another for work@ing-days your grace is too costly to wear every day. But, I beseech your grace, pardon me I was born to speak all mirth@ and no matter. D. Pedro.@Your silence most offends me, and to be merry best becomes you for, out of question, you were born in a merry hour. Beat.@No, sure, my lord, my mother cried but then there was a star danced, and under that was I born. Cou@sins, God give you joy! Leon.@Niece, will you look to those things I told you of Beat.I cry you mercy, uncle. By your grace's pardon. ######################## my troth, a pleasant-spirited lady. Leon.@There@'s little of the melancholy element in her, my lord she is never sad@ but when she sleeps, and not ever sad then for I have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamed of unhappine@ss and waked herself with laughing. Pedro.@She cannot endure to hear tell of a husband. Leon.@O, by no means she mocks all her wooers out of suit. D. Pedro.@She were an excellent wife for Benedick. Leon.@O Lord, my lord, if they were but a week married, they would talk themselves mad. ############## Claudio, when mean you to go to churchch Claud.@To-morrow, my lord time goes on crutches@ till love have all his rites. Leon.Not till Monday, my dear son, which is hence a just seven-night and a time too brief, too, to have all things answer my mind. D. Pedro.@Co@me, you shake the head at so long a breathing but, I warrant thee, Claudio, the time shall not go dully by us. I will@ in the interim@ undertake one of Hercules' la@bo@rs which is, to bring Signior Benedick and the Lady Beatrice into a mountain of affection@ the one with the other. I would fain have it a match, and I doubt not but to fashion it, if you three will but minister such assistance as I shall give you direction. Leon.My lord, I am for you, though it cost me ten nights' watchings. Claud.@And I, my ################ you too, gentle Hero@ Hero.@I will do any modest office, my lord, to help my cousin to a good ################## Benedick is not the unhopefullest husband that I know. Thus far@@ can I praise him he is of a noble strain, of approved valo@r@ and confirmed honesty. I will teach you how to humo@r your cousin, that she shall fall in love with Benedick @and I, with your two helps, will so practise on Benedick@ that, in despite of his quick wit and his queasy stomach, he shall fall in love with Beatrice. If we can do this, Cupid is no longer an archer his glory shall be ours, for we are the only love-gods. Go in with me, and I will tell you my ####################################################################### ########################### is so the Count Claudio shall marry the daugh@ter of Leonato. Bora.@Yea, my lord but I can cross it. D. John.@Any bar, any cross, any impediment@ will be medi@cinable to me I am sick in displeasure to him, and what@soever co@mes athwart his affection@ ranges evenly with mine. How canst thou cross this marriage@@ Bora.@Not honestly, my lord but so covertly@ that no dishonesty shall appear in me. ########### me briefly how. Bora.@I think@ I told your lordship@ a year since, how much I am in the favo@r of Margaret, the waiting gentlewo@man to Hero. D. John.@I remember. Bora.@I can, at any unseasonable instant of the night, appoint her to look out at her lady's chamber-window. John.@What life is in that, to be the death of this mar@riage @@Bora.@The poison of that lies in you to temper. Go you to the prince your brother spare not to tell him@ that he hath wronged his hono@r in marrying the renowned Clau@dio~whose estimation do you mightily hold up-to a conta@minated stale, such a one as Hero. D. John.@What proof shall I make of that@ Bora.@Proof enough to misuse the prince, to vex Claudio, to undo Hero@ and kill Leonato. Look you for any other issue D. John.@Only to despite them, I will endeavo@r any thing. Bora.@Go, then@ find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro@ and the Count Claudio@ alone tell them@ that you know that Hero loves me intend a kind of zeal both to the prince and Claudio, as,-in love of your brother's hono@r, who hath made this match, and his friend's reputation, who is thus like to be cozened with the semblance of a maid,-that you have discovered thus. They will scarcely believe this with@out trial offer them instances which shall bear no less likelihood@ than to see me at her chamber-window, hear me call Margaret@ Hero, hear Margaret term me @Claudio and bring them to see this@ the very night before the in@tended wedding,-for@ in the mean@time@ I will so fashion the matter@ that Hero shall be absent,-and there shall ap@pear such seeming truth of Hero's disloyalty@ that jealousy shall be called assurance@ and all the preparation overthrown. @D. John.Grow this to what adverse issue it can, I will put it in practice. Be cunning in the working this, and thy fee is a thousand ducats. Bora.@Be you constant in the accusation, and my cun@ning shall not shame me. @D. John.I will presently go learn their day of marriage. ############################### ######################################## #### Boy.@Signior@ Bene.@In my chamber-window lies a book bring it hi@ther to me in the orchard. Boy.@I am here already, sir. Bene.I know that @but I would have thee hence, and here again. ########## do much wonder@ that one man, seeing how much another man is a fool when he dedicates his behavio@rs to love, will, after he hath laughed at such shallow follies in others, become the argument of his own scorn@ by falling in love and such a man is Claudio. I have known@ when there was no music with him but the drum and the fife and now had he rather hear the tabor and the pipe I have known@ when he would have walked ten mile a-foot@ to see a good armo@r and now will he lie ten nights awake, carving the fashion of a new doublet. He was wont to speak plain@ and to the purpose, like an honest man@ and a soldier and now is he turned orthograph@y his words are a very fantastical banquet, just so many strange dishes. May I be so converted@ and see with these eyes@ I cannot tell I think not I will not be sworn@ but love may transform me to an oyster but @@I'll take my oath on it, till he have made an oyster of me, he shall never make me such a fool. One woman is fair, yet I am well another is wise, yet I am well another virtuous, yet I am well but till all graces be in one woman, one woman shall not co@me in my grace. Rich she shall be, that@'s certain wise, or @@I'll none virtuous, or @@I'11 never cheapen her fair, or@@ I'll never look on her mild, or come not near me noble, or not I for an angel of good discourse, an excellent musician, and her hair shall be of what colo@r it please God. Ha! the prince and Monsieur Love! I will hide me in the ########################### ########################################## shall we hear this music@ Claud.Yea, my good lord. How still the evening is, As hush'd on purpose to grace harmony! D. Pedro.See you where Benedick hath hid himself@ Claud.O, very well, my lord the music ended, We'll fit the kid-fox with a pennyworth. Enter ########################### Balthasar, we'll hear that song again. Balth.O, good my lord, tax not so bad a voice To slander music any more than once. D. Pedro.@It is the witness still of excellency@ To put a strange face on his own perfection. I pray thee, sing, and let me woo no more. Balth.Because you talk of wooing, I will sing Since many a wooer doth commence his suit To her he thinks not worthy, yet he wooes, Yet will he swear@ he loves. D. Pedro.@Now, pray thee, come Or, if thou wilt hold longer argument, Do it in notes. Balth.Note this before my notes@ There's not a note of mine that's worth the noting. D. ######### these are very crotchets that he speaks Note, notes, forsooth, and ################# divine air! now is his soul ravished! Is it not strange@ that sheeps' guts should hale souls out of men's bodies@ Well, a horn for my money, when all@'s ################### more, ladies, sigh no more, Men were deceivers ever, One foot in sea@ and one on shore, To one thing constant never Then sigh not so, but let them go, And be you blithe and bonny, ################################## ############## #################################################################### ### so, c. D. Pedro.@By my troth, a good song. Balth.And an ill singer, my lord. Pedro.Ha, no, no, faith thou singest well enough for a shift. Bene.@@@An he had been a dog that should have howled thus, they would have hanged him and I pray God@ his bad voice bode no mischief. I had as lief have heard the night~raven, come what plague could have co@me after it. Pedro.@Yea, marry, dost thou hear, Balthasar@ I pray thee, get us some excellent music for to-morrow night we would have it at the Lady Hero's chamber-window. Balth.The best I can, my ############### so farewell. ############### hither, Leonato. What was it you told me of to-day, that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signior Benedick@@ Claud.O, ay @stalk on, stalk on the fowl sits. ############ did never think that lady would have loved any man. Leon.@No, nor I neither but most wonderful@ that she should so dote on Signior Benedick, whom she hath in all outward behavio@rs seemed ever to abhor. Bene.@Is@'t possible@@ Sits the wind in that corner@ @@Leon.@By my troth, my lord, I cannot tell what to think of it but@ that she loves him with an enraged affection@ it is past the infinite of thought. D. ######## be@ she doth but counterfeit. Claud.@@Faith, like enough. Leon.O God, counterfeit! There was neverever counterfeit of passion came so near the life of passion@ as she discovers it. D. Pedro.@Why, what effects of passion shows she@@ Claud.@Bait the hook well this fish will bite. @@@Leon.@What effects, my lord@ She will sit you, you heard my daughter tell you how. Claud.@She did, indeed. D. Pedro.@How, how, I pray you@@ You amaze me I would have thought@ her spirit had been invincible against all as@saults of affection. Leon.@I would have sworn it had, my lord especially against Benedick. @@Bene.I should think this a gull, but that the white-bearded fellow speaks it knavery cannot, sure, hide himself in such reverence. Claud.@He hath ta'en the infection hold it up. D. Pedro.@Hath she made her affection known to Benedickck Leon.@No and swears she never will that@'s her tor@ment. Claud.@'Tis true, indeed so your daughter says 'Shall I,' says she, 'that have so oft encountered him with scorn, write to ### that I love him' Leon.@This says she now when she is beginning to write to him for she@@'ll be up twenty times a night, and there will she sit in her smock@ till she have writ a sheet of pa@per my daughter tells us all. Claud.@Now you talk of a sheet of paper, I remember a pretty jest your daughter told us of. Leon.O, @@when she had writ it@ and was reading it over, she found Benedick and Beatrice between the sheet@ Claud.@That. Leon.O, she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence railed at herself, that she should be so immodest to write to one that she knew would flout ################# says she, 'by my ################# flout him, if he writ to me yea, though I love him, I should.' Claud.@Then down upon her knees she falls, weeps, sobs, beats her heart, tears her hair, prays, curses 'O ########################## doth indeed my daughter says so and the ecstasy hath so much overborne her@ that my daughter is sometime@ afeard she will do a desperate outrage to herself it is very true. D. Pedro.@It were good@ that Benedick knew of it by some other, if she will not discover it. Claud.@To what end@@ He ########## but a sport of it@ and torment the poor lady worse. D. Pedro.@An he should, it were an alms to hang him. She@'s an excellent sweet lady and, out of all suspicion, she is vir@tuous. Claud.@And she is exceeding wise. D. Pedro.@In every thing@ but in loving Benedick. Leon.O, my lord, wisdom and blood combating in so tender a body, we have ten proofs to one@ that blood hath the victory. I am sorry for her, as I have just cause, being her uncle and her guardian. Pedro.@I would@ she had bestowed this dotage on me I would have daffed all other respects@ and made her half myself. I pray you, tell Benedick of it, and hear what a' will say. Leon.@Were it good, think you@@ Claud.@Hero thinks surely@ she will die for she says@ she will die, if he love her not, and she will die, ere she make her love known, and she will die, if he woo her, rather than she will bate one breath of her accustomed crossness. D. Pedro.@She doth well if she should make tender of her love, 't@is very possible he@@'ll scorn it for the man, as you know all, hath a contemptible spirit. Claud.@He is a very proper man. D. Pedro.@He hath@ indeed@ a good outward happiness. Claud.@Before God! and, in my mind, very wise. D. Pedro.@He doth@ indeed@ show some sparks that are like wit. Claud.@And I take him to be valiant. Pedro.@As Hector, I assure you and in the managing of quarrels you may say he is wise for either he avoids them with great discretion, or undertakes them with a most Chris@tian-like fear. Leon.If he do fear God, a' must necessarily keep peace if he break the peace, he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and #################### so will he do for the man doth fear God, howsoever it seems not in him@ by some large jests he will make. Well, I am sorry for your niece. Shall we go seek Benedick, and tell him of her love@ Claud.@Never tell him, my lord let her wear it out with good counsel. Leon.@Nay, that@'s impossible she may wear her heart out first. D. Pedro.@Well, we will hear further of it by your daugh@ter let it cool the while. I love Benedick well and I could wish he would modestly examine hi@mself, to see how much he is unworthy so good a lady. Leon.@My lord, will you walk @@dinner is ready. Claud.@If he do not dote on her upon this, I will never trust my expectation. D. Pedro.@Let there be the same net spread for her and that must your daughter and her gentlewoman carry. The sport will be, when they hold one an opinion of another's dotage, and no such matter that@'s the scene that I would see, which will be merely a dumb-show. Let us send her to call him in to dinner.dinner. Exeunt Don Pedro, Claudio, and Leonato. ##################################### This can be no trick the conference was sadly borne. They have the truth of this from Hero. They seem to pity the lady it seems@ her affections have their full bent. Love me! why, it must be requited. I hear how I am cen@sured they say@ I will bear myself proudly, if I perceive the love come from her they say too@ that she will rather die than give any sign of affection. I did never think to marry I must not seem proud happy are they that hear their detractions@ and can put them to mending. They say@ the lady is fair 't@is a truth, I can bear them witness and virtuous 't@is so, I cannot reprove it and wise, but for loving me by my troth, it is no addition to her wit, nor no great argument of her folly, for I will be horribly i@n love with her. I may choice have some odd quirks and remnants of wit broken on me, because I have railed so long against marriage but doth not the appetite alter@@ a man loves the meat in his youth@ that he cannot endure in his age. Shall quips@ and sentences@ and these paper bullets of the brain@ awe a man from the career of his humo@r@ No, the world must be peopled. When I said@ I would die a bachelor, I did not think I should live till I were married. @Here co@mes Beatrice. By this day! she@'s a fair lady I do spy some marks of love in her. Enter BEATRICE. Beat.@Against my will@ I am sent to bid you co@me in to dinner. Bene.@Fair Beatrice, I thank you for your pains. Beat.@I took no more pains for those thanks@ than you take pains to thank me if it had been painful, I would not have co@me. Bene.You take pleasure then in the message@@ Beat.@Yea, just so much as you may take upon a knife's point@ and choke a daw withal. You have no stomach, signior fare you well. Exit. Bene.@Ha! 'Against my will I am sent to bid you come@ in to dinner ' there@'s a double meaning in that. 'I took no more pains for those thanks@ than you took pains to thank me ' that@'s as much as to say, Any pains that I take for you is as easy as thanks. If I do not take pity of her, I am a vil@lain if I do not love her, I am a Jew. I will go get her picture. ############################################################################### Margaret, run thee to the parlo@r There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Proposing with the prince and Claudio Whisper her ear@ and tell her, I and Ursula Walk in the orchard@ and our whole discourse Is all of her say@ that thou overheard'st us And bid her steal into the pleached bower, Where honey@suckles, ripen'd by the sun, Forbid the sun to enter, like favo@rites, Made proud by princes, that advance their pride Against that power that bred it @there will she hide her, To listen our purpose. This is thy office@ Bear thee well in it@ and leave us ################## her co@me, I warrant you, presently. Exit. Hero.@Now, Ursula, when Beatrice doth co@me, As we do trace this alley up and down, Our talk must only be of Benedick. When I do name him, let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit My talk to thee must be@ how Benedick Is sick in love with Beatrice. Of this matter Is little Cupid's crafty arrow made, That only wounds by hearsay. ############################### For look where Beatrice, like a lapwing, runs Close by the ground, to hear our conference. Urs.@The pleasant'st angling is to see the fish Cut with her golden oars the silver stream, And greedily devour the treacherous bait So angle we for Beatrice who even now Is couched in the woodbine coverture. Fear you not my part of the dialogue. Hero.@Then go we near her, that her ear lose nothing Of the false sweet bait that we lay for ################ No, truly, Ursula, she is too disdainful I know@ her spirits are as coy and wild As haggerds of the rock. Urs.@But are you sure@ That Benedick loves Beatrice so entirely @@Hero.@So says the prince@ and my new@trothed lord. Urs.@And did they bid you tell her of it, madam @@Hero.@They did entreat me to acquaint her of it But I persuaded them, if they loved Benedick, To wish him wrestle with affection, And@ never to let Beatrice know of it. Urs.@Why did you so @@Doth not the gentleman Deserve as full@ as fortunate a bed@ As ever Beatrice shall couch upon @@Hero.@O god of love! I know@ he doth deserve As much as may be yielded to a man But nature never framed a woman's heart @@Of prouder stuff than that of Beatrice Disdain and scorn ride sparkling in her eyes, Misprising what they look on, and her wit Values itself so highly@ that to her All matter else seems weak she cannot love, Nor take no shape nor project of affection, She is so self-endeared. Urs.@Sure, I think so And therefore@ certainly@ it were not good She knew his love, lest she make sport at it. Hero.@Why, you speak truth. I never yet saw man, How wise, how noble, young, how rarely featured, But she would spell him backward if fair@faced, She would swear@ the gentleman should be her sister If black, why, Nature, drawing of an antique, Made a foul blot if tall, a lance ill-headed If low, an agate very vilely cut If speaking, why, a vane blown with all winds If silent, why, a block moved with none. So turns she every man the wrong side out And never gives to truth and virtue@ that Which simpleness and merit purchaseth. Urs.@Sure, sure, such carping is not commendable. Hero.@No, not to be so odd@ and from all fashions@ As Beatrice is, cannot be commendable But who dare tell her so @@If I should speak, She would mock me into air O, she would laugh me Out of myself, press me to death with wit. Therefore let Benedick, like cover'd fire, Consume away in sighs, waste inwardly It were a better death than die with mocks, Which is as bad as die with tickling. Urs.@Yet tell her of it hear what she will say. Hero.@No rather I will go to Benedick@ And counsel him to fight against his passion. And, truly, I'll devise some honest slanders To stain my cousin with@ one doth not know@ How much an ill word may empoison liking. Urs.@O, do not do your cousin such a wrong. She can not be so much without truejudgement@~Having so swift and excellent a wit@ As she is prized to have-as to refuse So rare a gentleman as Signior Benedick. Hero.@He is the only man of Italy, Always excepted my dear Claudio. Urs.@I pray you, be not angry with me, madam, Speaking my fancy Signior Benedick, For shape, for bearing, argument@ and valo@r, Goes foremost in report through Italy. Hero.@Indeed, he hath an excellent good name. Urs.@His excellence did earn it, ere he had it. When are you married, madam@ Hero.@Why, every day, to-morrow. Come, go in I'll show thee some attires, and have thy counsel@ Which is the best to furnish me to-morrow. Urs.@She's limed, I warrant you we have caught her, madam. Hero.@If it proves so, then loving goes by haps Some Cupid kills with arrows, some with traps. ############# Ursula. ########################## fire is in m@ine ears@ Can this be true@ Stand I condemn'd for pride and scorn so much@@ Contempt, farewell! and maiden pride, adieu! No glory lives behind the back of such. And, Benedick, love on@ I will requite thee, Taming my wild heart to thy loving hand If thou dost love, my kindness shall incite thee To bind our loves up in a holy band For others say@ thou dost deserve, and I Believe it better than reportingly. ##################### house. ######### ############################################### do but stay till your marriage be consummate, and then go I toward Arragon. Claud.@@@I'll bring you thither, my lord, if you@@'ll vouchsafe me. D. Pedro.@Nay, that would be as great a soil in the new gloss of your marriage@ as to show a child his new coat@ and forbid him to wear it. I will only be bold with Benedick for his company for, from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot, he is all mirth he hath twice or thrice cut Cu@pid's bow-string@ and the little hangman dare not shoot at him he hath a heart as sound as a bell@ and his tongue is the clapper, for what his heart thinks@ his tongue speaks. Bene.@Gallants, I am not as I have been. Leon.@So say I methinks@ you are sadder. Claud.@I hope@ he be in love. D. Pedro.@Hang him, truant! there@'s no true drop of blood in him, to be truly touched with love if he be sad, he wants money. Bene.@I have the ######################### Bene.Hang it! Claud.@You must hang it first, and draw it afterwards. D. Pedro.@What! sigh for the toothache Leon.Where is but a humo@r@ or a worm. Bene.@Well, every one can master a grief@ but he that has it. Claud.@Yet say I, he is in love. D. Pedro.@There is no appearance of fancy in him, unless it be a fancy that he hath to strange disguises as, to be a Dutch@man to@day, a Frenchman to-morrow, or in the shape of two countries at once, as, a German from the waist down@ward, all slops, and a Spaniard from the hip upward, no doublet. Unless he have a fancy to this foolery, as it appears he hath, he is no fool for fancy, as you would have it ap@pear he is. Claud.@If he be not in love with some woman, there is no believing old signs a' brushes his hat o' mornings what should that bode D. Pedro.@Hath any man seen him at the barber's@ Claud.@No, but the barber's man hath been seen with him, and the old ornament of his cheek hath already stuffed tennis-ba@lls. Leon.Indeed, he looks younger than he did, by the loss of a beard. D. Pedro.@Nay, a' rubs himself with civet can you smell him out by that@@ Claud.@That@'s as much as to say, the sweet youth@'s in love. D. Pedro.@The greatest note of it is his melancholy. Claud.@And when was he wont to wash his face D. Pedro.@Yea, or to paint himself@ for the which, I hear what they say of him. Claud.@Nay, but his jesting spirit which is now crept into a lute-string@ and now governed by stops. D. Pedro.@Indeed, that tells a heavy tale for him conclude, conclude@ he is in love. Claud.@Nay, but I know who loves him. D. Pedro.@That would I know too I warrant@ one that knows him not. Claud.@Yes, and his ill conditions and, in despite of all, dies for him. Pedro.@She shall be buried with her @face upwards. Bene.@Yet is this no charm for the toothache. Old sig@nior, walk aside with me I have studied eight or nine wise words to speak to you, which these hobby-horses must not hear. Exeunt Benedick and ################ my life, to break with him about Beatrice. Claud.@'T@is even so. Hero and Margaret have by this played their parts with Beatrice and then the two bears will not bite one another@ when they meet. Enter ############### lord and brother, God save ############### den, brother. D. John.@If your leisure served, I would speak with you. Pedro.@In private D. John.@If it please you @yet Count Claudio may hear for what I would speak of@ concerns him. D. Pedro.@What@'s the matter D. ########### your lordship to be married ################################## know@ he does. D. John.@I know not that, when he knows what I know. Claud.@If there be any impediment, I pray you disco@ver it. @D. John.You may think@ I love you not let that appear hereafter, and aim better at me by that I now will manifest. For my brother, I think@ he holds you well, and in dear@ness of heart hath holp to effect your ensuing marriage,~surely@ suit ill spent@ and labo@r ill bestowed. D. Pedro.@Why, what@'s the matter ######### came hither to tell you and, circumstances short@ened, for she ha@s been too long a talking of, the lady is disloyal. Claud.@Who, Hero. John.Even she Leonato's Hero, your Hero, every man's Hero. Claud.@Disloyal D. John.@The word is too good to paint out her wickedness I could say@ she were worse think you of a worse title, and I will fit her to it. Wonder not till further warrant go but with me to-night, you shall see her chamber@window entered, even the night before her wedding-day if you love her then, to-morrow wed her but it would better fit your hono@r to change your mind. Claud.@May this be so D. Pedro.@I will not think it. D. John.If you dare not trust that you see, confess not that you know if you will follow me, I will show you enough and when you have seen more@ and heard more, proceed accordingly. Claud.@If I see any thing to-night@ why I should not marry her to-morrow, in the congregation, where I should wed, @here will I shame her. Pedro.@And, as I wooed for thee to obtain her, I will join with thee to disgrace ################ disparage her no farther@ till you are my witne@s@s bea@r it coldly but till midnight, and let the issue show ############## day untowardly turned! Claud.@O mischief strangely ################### right well prevented! so will you say@ when you have seen the sequel. Exeunt. ############################################## ######## ############## you good men and true @@Verg@.@Yea, or else it were pity but they should suffer sal@vation, body and soul. Dog@.@Nay, that were a punishment too good for them, if they should have any allegiance in them, being chosen for the prince's watch. Verg.@Well, give them their charge, neighbo@r Dog@berry. Dog@.@First, who think you the most desartless man to be constablerst Watch.@Hugh Otecake, sir, or George Seacole for they can write and read. Dog@.@Come hither, neighbo@r Seacole. God hath blessed you with a good name to be a well-favo@red man is the gift of fortune but to write and read co@mes by nature. Sec. Watch.@Both which, master constable,~ Dog@.@You have I knew it would be your answer. Well, for your favo@r, sir, why, give God thanks, and make no boast of it and for your writing and reading, let that appear when there is no need of such vanity. You are thought here to be the most senseless and fit man for the constable of the watch therefore bear you the lantern. This is your charge you shall comprehend all vagrom men you are to bid any man stand, in the prince's name. Sec. Watch.@How@ if a' will not stand@@ Dog@.@Why, then, take no note of him, but let him go and presently call the rest of the watch together@ and thank God you are rid of a knave. Verg.@If he will not stand when he is bidden, he is none of the prince's subjects. Dog@.@True, and they are to meddle with none but the prince's subjects. You shall also make no noise in the streets for, for the watch to babble and to talk@ is most tole@rable@ and not to be endured. @@Watch.@We will rather sleep than talk we know what belongs to a watch. Dog@.@Why, you speak like an ancient and most quiet watchman for I cannot see how sleeping should offend only, have a care that your bills be not stolen. Well, you are to call at all the ale-houses, and bid those that are drunk get them to bed.d. Watch.@How@ if they will not@ Dog@.@Why, then, let them alone till they are sober if they make you not then the better answer, you may say@ they are not the men you took them for. Watch.@Well, sir. Dog@.@If you meet a thief, you may suspect him, by vir@tue of your office, to be no true man and, for such kind of men,@ the less you meddle or make with them, why, the more is for your honesty.y. Watch.@If we know him to be a thief, shall we not lay hands on him @@Dog.@Truly, by your office, you may but@ I think@ they that touch pitch will be defiled the most peaceable way for you, if you do take a thief, is@ to let him show himself what he is@ and steal out of your company. Verg.@You have been always called a merciful man, partner. Dog.@Truly, I would not hang a dog by my will, much more a man who hath any honesty in him. Verg.If you hear a child cry in the night, you must cal@l to the nurse@ and bid her still it. Watch.How@ if the nurse be asleep@ and will not hear us@ Dog@.@Why, then, depart in peace, and let the child wake her with crying for the ewe that will not hear her lamb when it baes@ will never answer a calf when he bleats. Verg.@'T@is very true. Dog.@This is the end of the charge -you, constable, are to present the prince's own person if you meet the prince in the night, you may stay him. Verg.@Nay, by'r lady, that@ I think@ a' cannot. Dog@.@Five shillings to one on@'t, with any man that knows the statutes, he may stay him marry, not without the prince be willing for, indeed, the watch ought to offend no man and it is an offence to stay a man against his will. Verg.@By'r lady, I think@ it be so. Dog@.@Ha, ha, ha! Well, masters, good night an there by any matter of weight chances, call up me keep your fel@lows' counsels and your own@ and good night. Come, neighbo@r. Watch.@Well, masters, we hear our charge let us go sit here upon the church-bench till two, and then all to bed. Dog@.@One word more, honest neighbo@rs. I pray you, watch about Signior Leonato's door for the wedding being there to-morrow, there is a great coil to-night. Adieu@ be vigitant, I beseech you. Exeunt Dogberry and Verges. Enter ##################### Bora.@What, #################### stir not. not. Bora.@Conrade, I say! Con@.@Here, man@ I am at thy elbow. Bora.@Mass, and my elbow itched I thought@ there would a scab follow. Con.I will owe thee an answer for that and now for@ward with thy tale. Bora.@Stand thee close, then, under this pent-house, for it drizzles rain and I will, like a true drunkard, utter all to thee. ###### Some treason, masters yet stand close. @@Bora.@Therefore know@ I have earned of Don John a thousand ducats. Con@.@Is it possible that any villa@ny should be so dear@ Bora.@Thou shouldst rather ask@ if it were possible any villa@ny should be so rich for when rich villains have need of poor ones, poor ones may make what price they will. Con@.@I wonder at it. Bora.@That shows@ thou art unconfirmed. Thou knowest@ that the fashion of a doublet, or a hat, or a cloak, is nothing to a man. Con@.@Yes, it is apparel. Bora.@I mean, the fashion. Con@.@Y@es, the fashion is the fashion. Bora.@Tush! I may as well say@ the fool@'s the fool. But seest thou not what a deformed thief this fashion is ######### know that Deformed a' has been a vile thief this seven year a' goes up and down like a gentleman I remember his name. Bora.@Didst thou not hear somebody@ Con@.@No 't@was the vane on the house. Bora.@Seest thou not, I say, what a deformed thief this fashion is@@ how giddily a' turns about all the hot bloods@ between fourteen and five-and-thirty@ sometimes fashioning them like Pharaoh's soldiers in the ree@ky painting, some@ti@me@ like god Bel's priests in the old church-window, some@time@ like the shaven Hercules in the smirched worm-eaten tapestry, where his codpiece seems as massy as his club@@ Con@.@All this I see and I see@ that the fashion wears out more apparel than the man. But art not thou thyself giddy with the fashion too, that thou hast shifted out of thy tale into telling me of the fashion@@ Bora.@Not so, neither but know@ that I have to-night wooed Margaret, the Lady Hero's gentlewoman, by the name of Hero she leans me out at her mistress' chamber~win@dow, bids me a thousand times good night, -I tell this tale vilely -I should first tell thee@ how the prince, Claudio@ and my master, planted and placed@ and possessed by my master Don John, saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encounter. C@@on.@And thought they@ Margaret was Heroro Bora.@Two of them did, the prince and Claudio but the devil my master knew she was Margaret and partly by his oaths, which first possessed them, partly by the dark night, which did deceive them, but chiefly by my villa@ny, which did confirm any slander that Don John had made, away went Claudio enraged swore he would meet her, as he was appointed, next morning at the temple, and there, before the whole congregation, shame her with what he saw o'er night@ and send her home again without a husband. First Watch.@We charge you, in the prince's name, stand! Sec. Watch.@Call up the right master constable. We have here recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery that ever was known in the commonwealth. First Watch.@And one Deformed is one of them I know him@ a' wears a lock. Con@.@Masters, masters,~ Sec. ############### be made bring Deformed forth, I war@rant you. ##################### speak we charge you@ let us obey you to go with us. Bora.@We are like to prove a goodly commodity, being taken up of these men's bills. Con.@A commodity in question, I warrant you. Come, we@@'ll obey you. Exeunt. ################################################# ############################# Ursula, wake my cousin Beatrice, and desire her to rise. Urs.@I will, lady. Hero.@And bid her co@me hither. Urs.@Well. #################### I think@ your other rabato were better. Hero.@No, pray thee, good Meg, @@I'll wear this. Marg.@By my troth,@@@ 's not so good and I warrant@ your cousin will say so. Hero.@My cousin@'s a fool, and thou art another@@ I'll wear none but this. Marg.@I like the new tire within excellently, if the hair were a thought browner and your gown@'s a most rare fa@shion, i' faith. I saw the Duchess of Milan's gown@ that they praise so. Hero.@O, that exceeds, they say. Marg.By my troth,th, 's but a night-gown in respect of yours cloth o' gold, and cuts, and laced with silver, set with pearls, down sleeves, side sleeves, and skirts, round@ underborne with a bluish tinsel but for a fine, quaint, graceful@ and excellent fashion, yours is worth ten o@n't. Hero.@God give me joy to wear it! for my heart is ex@ceedingly ################### be heavier soon@ by the weight of a man. Hero.@Fie upon thee! art not ashamed@@ Marg.Of what, lady @@of speaking hono@rably @@Is not marriage hono@rable in a beggar@@ Is not your lord hono@r@able without marriage @@I think@ you would have me say, 'saving your reverence, a husband ' and bad thinking do not wrest true speaking, @@I'll offend nobody is there any harm in 'the heavier for a husband' None, I think, an it be the right husband@ and the right wife otherwise 't@is light, and not heavy ask my Lady Beatrice else@ here she co@mes. ##### BEATRICE. Hero.@Good morrow, coz. Beat.@Good morrow, sweet Hero. Hero.@Why, how now do you speak in the sick tunene Beat.@I am out of all other tune, methinks. ####### into ####### ' that goes without a burden do you sing it, and@@ I'll dance it. Beat.@Ye@@ ######## with your heels! then, if your husband have stables enough, you@@'ll see he shall lack no barns. Marg.@O illegitimate construction! I scorn that with my heels. Beat.@'T@is almost five o'clock, cousin 't@is time you were ready. By my troth, I am exceeding ill ########### a hawk, a horse, or a husband@@ Beat.@For the letter that begins them all, H. Marg.Well, and you be not turned Turk, there@'s no more sailing by the star. Beat.@What means the fool, trow@ Marg.Nothing I but God send every one their heart'@@s desire! Hero.@These gloves the count sent me@ they are an excel@lent perfume. Beat.@I am stuffed, cousin@ I cannot smell. Marg.A maid, and stuffed! there@'s goodly catching of cold. Beat.O, God help me! God help me! how long have you professed apprehensionon Marg.Ever since you left it. Doth not my wit become me rarely @@Beat.@It is not seen enough, you should wear it in your cap. By my troth, I am sick. Marg.Get you some of this distilled Carduus Benedic@tus, and lay it to your heart it is the only thing for a qualm. Hero.@There thou prickest her with a thistle. Beat.@Benedictus! why Benedictus@@ you have some mo@ral in this Benedictus. Marg.@Moral@! no, by my troth, I have no moral mean@ing I meant, plain holy-thistle. You may think@ per@chance@ that I think you are in love nay, by'r lady, I am not such a fool to think what I list, nor I list not to think what I can, nor@ indeed@ I cannot think, if I would think my heart out of thinking, that you are in love@ or that you will be in love@ or that you can be in love. Yet Benedick was such another, and now is he become a man he swore he would never marry, and yet now, in despite of his heart, he eats his meat without grudging and how you may be converted@ I know not, but@ methinks@ you look with your eyes as other women do. Beat.@What pace is this that thy tongue keeps@@ Marg@.@Not a false gallop. Re-enter #################### withdraw the prince, the count, Signior Benedick, Don John, and all the gallants of the town, are co@me to fetch you to church. Hero.@Help to dress me, good coz, good Meg, good Ur@sula. Exeunt. ####################################### house. #################################### Leon.@What would you with me, honest neighbo@r@@ Dog@.@Marry, sir, I would have some confidence with you@ that decerns you nearly. Leon.@Brief, I pray you for you see@ it is a busy time with me. Dog.@Marry, this it is, sir. Verg.@Yes, in truth@ it is, sir. Leon.@What is it, my good friends @@Dog@.@Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the mat@ter an old man, sir, and his wits are not so blunt@ as, God help, I would desire they were but, in faith, honest@ as the skin between his brows. Verg.@Yes, I thank God@ I am as honest as any man liv@ing@ that is an old man@ and no honester than I. Dog@.@Comparisons are odorous ################ Verges. Leon.@Neighbo@rs, you are tedious. Dog@.@It pleases your worship to say so, but we are the poor duke's officers but@ truly, for mine own part, if I were as tedious as a king, I could find it in my heart to be@stow it all of your worship. Leon.@All thy tediousness on me, ah Dog.@Yea, an 't@were a thousand pound more than 't@is for I hear as good exclamation on your worship@ as of any man in the city and though I be but a poor man, I am glad to hear it. Verg.@And so am I. Leon.@I would fain know what you have to say. Verg.@Marry, sir, our watch to-night, excepting your wor@ship's presence, ha@' ta'en a couple of as arrant knaves as any in Messina. Dog@.@A good old man, sir he will be talking as they say, When the age is in, the wit is out God help us! it is a world to see. Well said, i' faith, neighbo@r Verges @well, God@'s a good man an two men ride of a horse, one must ride behind. An honest soul, i' faith, sir by my troth he is, as ever broke bread but@ God is to be worship@ped all men are not alike alas, good neighbo@r! Leon.Indeed, neighbo@r, he co@mes too short of you. Dog.@Gifts@ that God gives. Leon.@I must leave you. Dog.@One word, sir our watch, sir, have@ indeed@ com@prehended two aspicious persons, and we would have them this morning examined before your worship. Leon.@Take their examination yourself@ and bring it me I am now in great haste, as it may appear unto you. Dog@.@It shall be suffigance. Leon.@Drink@ some wine ere you go fare you well. Enter a Messenger.@@@@ Mess.My lord, they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband. Leon.@@@I'll wait upon them I am ######################### good partner, go, get you to Francis Seaco@le bid him bring his pen and inkhorn to the gaol we are now to examination these men. Verg.@And we must do it wisely. Dog.@We will spare for no wit, I warrant you here@'s ####################### drive some of them to a non@come only get the learned writer to set down our excom@munication@ and meet me at the gaol. ########################### ######### ############################################################################# Friar Francis, be brief only to the plain form of marriage, and you shall recount their particular du@ties afterwards. Friar.@You co@me hither, my lord, to marry this lady@. Claud.@No. Leon.@To be married to her@ friar, you co@me to marry her. Friar.@Lady, you co@me hither to be married to this count@. Hero.@I do. Friar.@If either of you know any inward impediment@ why you should not be conjoined, I charge you, on your souls, to utter it. Claud.@Know you any, Hero @@Hero.@None, my lord. Friar.@Know you any, count Leon.I dare make his answer, none. Claud.O, what men dare do! what men may do! what men daily do, not knowing what they do! Bene.How now! interjections @@Why, then, some be of laughing, as, ah, ha, ### Claud.@Stand thee by, friar. Father, by your leave Will you with free and unconstrained soul Give me this maid, your daughter@ @Leon.@As freely, son, as God did give her me. Claud.@And what have I to give you back, whose worth May counterpoise this rich and precious gift D. Pedro.@Nothing, unless you render her again. Claud.@Sweet prince, you learn me noble thankfulness. There, Leonato, take her back@ again Give not this rotten orange to your friend She's but the sign and semblance of her honor. Behold@ how like a maid she blushes here! O, what authority and show of truth Can cunning sin cover itself withal! Co@mes not that blood@ as modest evidence@ To witness simple virtue@ Would you not swear, All you that see her, that she were a maid, By these exterior shows @@But she is none She knows the heat of a luxurious bed Her blush is guiltiness, not modesty. Leon.@What do you mean, my lordrd Claud.@Not to be m@arried, Not to knit my soul to an approved wanton. Leon.@Dear@ my lord, if you, in your own proof, Have vanquish'd the resistance of her youth, And made defeat of her virginity,~ Claud.@I know what you would say if I have known her, You will say@ she did embrace me as a husband, And so extenuate the 'forehand sin No, Leonato, I never tempted her with word too large But, as a brother to his sister, show'd Bashful sincerity@ and comely love. Hero.@And seem'd I ever otherwise to you@ Claud.@Out on thee! Seeming! I will write against it You seem to me as Dian in her orb, As chaste as is the bud ere it be blown But you are more intemperate in your blood Than Venus, or those pamper'@d animals That rage in savage sensuality. Hero.@Is my lord well, that he doth speak so widede Leon.@Sweet prince, why speak not you D. Pedro.@What should I speak @@I stand dishono@r'd, that have gone about To link my dear friend to a common stale. Leon.Are these things spoken, or do I but dream D. John.@Sir, they are spoken, and these things are true. Bene.@This looks not like a nuptial. Hero.@True! O God! Claud.@Leonato, stand I here@ Is this the prince@ is this the prince's brother@ Is this face Hero's@ are our eyes our own Leon.All this is so but what of this, my lord@ Claud.@Let me but move one question to your daughter And, by that fatherly and kindly power That you have in her, bid her answer truly. Leon.@I charge thee do so, as thou art my child. Hero.O, God@ defend me! how am I beset! What kind of catechising call you ############################################################################################## make you answer truly to your name. Hero.@Is it not Hero @@Who can blot that name With any just reproach@@ Claud.@Marry, that can Hero Hero itself can blot out Hero's virtue. What man was he talk'd with you yesternight Out at your window@ betwixt twelve and one @@Now, if you are a maid, answer to this. Hero.@I talk'd with no man at that hour, my lord. D. Pedro.@Why, then are you no maiden. Leonato, I am sorry you must hear upon mine hono@r, Myself, my brother@ and this grieved count@ Did see her, hear her, at that hour last night@ Talk with a ruffian at her chamber-window Who hath@ indeed, most like a liberal villain, Confess'd the vile encounters they have had A thousand times in secret. D. ######### fie! they are not to be named, my lord, Not to be spoke of There is not chastity enough in language@ Without offence@ to utter them. Thus, pretty lady, I am sorry for thy much misgovernment. Claud.@O Hero, what a Hero hadst thou been, If half thy outward graces had been placed About thy thoughts@ and counsels of thy heart! But@ fare thee well, most foul, most fair! farewell, Thou pure impiety@ and impious purity! For thee I'll lock up all the gates of love, And on my eyelids shall conjecture hang, To turn all beauty into thoughts of harm, And never shall it more be gracious. Leon.@Hath no man's dagger here a point for ############## how now, cousin! wherefore sink you down@ ######################## let us go. These things, come thus to light, Smother her spirits up. ####################### and Claudio. @Bene.How doth the lady @@Beat.@Dead, I think. Help, uncle! Hero! why, Hero! Uncle@! Signior Benedick@! ############### take not away thy heavy hand. Death is the fairest cover for her shame@ That may be wish'd for. Beat.@How now, cousin Hero@! @Friar.Have comfort, lady. Leon.Dost thou look up @@Friar.@Yea, wh@erefore should she notot Leon.@Wherefore! Why, doth not every earthly thing Cry shame upon her @@Could she here deny The story that is printed in her blood @@Do not live, Hero do not ope thine eyes For, did I think thou would@st not quickly die, Thought I@ thy spirits were stronger than thy shames, Myself would, on the rearward of reproaches, Strike at thy life. Griev@ed I, I had but one@ Chid I for that at frugal nature's frame@ O, one too much@ by thee! Why had I one@@ Why ever wast thou lovely in my eyes @@Why had I not@ with charitable hand@ Took up a beggar's issue at my gates, Who smirch'd thus@ and mired with infamy, I might have ############## it is mine@ This shame derives itself from ################ mine@ and mine I loved@ and mine I praised@ And mine that I was proud on, mine so much@ That I myself was to myself not mine, Valuing of her,-why, she, O, she@ is fallen Into a pit of ink, that the wide sea Hath drops too few to wash her clean again And salt too little@ which may season give To her foul-tainted flesh! Bene.@Sir, sir, be patient. For my part, I am so attired in wonder, I know not what to say, Beat.@O, on my soul, my cousin is belied! Bene.@Lady, were you her bedfellow last nightht Beat.@No, truly not although, until last night, I have this twelvemonth been her bedfellow. Leon.@Confirm'@d, confirm'd! O, that is stronger made@ Which was before barr'd up with ribs of iron! Would the two princes lie@, and Claudio lie@, Who loved her so, that, speaking of her foulness, Wash'd it with tears@ Hence from her! let her die. Friar.Hear me a little for I have only been Silent so long@ and given way unto This course of fortune.... By noting of the lady I have mark'd A thousand blushing apparitions To start into her face, a thousand innocent shames In angel whiteness beat away those blushes And in her eye there hath appear'd a fire, To burn the errors that these princes hold Against her maiden truth. Call me a fool Trust not my reading@ nor my observations, Which with experimental seal doth warrant The teno@r of my book trust not my age, My reverence, calling, nor divinity, If this sweet lady lie not guiltless here Under some biting error. Leon.Friar, it cannot be. Thou seest@ that all the grace that she hath left@ Is@ that she will not add to her damnation A sin of perjury she not denies it Why seek'st thou then to cover with excuse That which appears in proper nakedne@ss Friar.Lady, what man is he you are accused of@ Hero.@They know@ that do accuse me I know none If I know more of any man alive@ Than that which maiden modesty doth warrant, Let all my sins lack mercy!@ O my father, Prove you that any man with me conversed At hours unmeet, or that I yesternight Maintain'd the change of words with any creature, Refuse me, hate me, torture me to death! Friar.@There is some strange misprision in the princes. Bene.@Two of them have the very bent of hono@r And if their wisdoms be misled in this, The practice of it lives in John the bastard, Whose spirits toil in frame of villa@nies. Leon.@I know not. If they speak but truth of her, These hands shall tear her if they wrong her hono@r, The proudest of them shall well hear of it. Time hath not yet so dried this blood of mine, Nor age so eat up my invention, Nor fortune made such havoc@ of my means, Nor my bad life reft me so much of friends, But they shall find, awaked in such a kind, Both strength of limb@ and policy of mind, Ability in means@ and choice of friends, To quit me of them throughly. Friar.@Pause a@while, And let my counsel sway you in this case. Your daughter here the princes left for dead Let her a@while be secretly kept in, And publish it@ that she is dead indeed Maintain a mourning ostentation And on your family's old monument Hang mournful epitaphs@ and do all rites That appertain unto a burial. Leon.@What shall become of this@ what will this do@ Friar.@Marry, this@ well carried@ shall on her behalf Change slander to remorse that is some good But not for that@ dream I on this strange course, But on this travail@ look for greater birth. She dying, as it must be so maintain'd, Upon the instant that she was accused, Shall be lamented, pitied and excused@ Of every hearer for it so falls out@ That what we have@ we prize not to the worth@ Whiles we enjoy it, but being lack'd and lost, Why, then we rack the value, then we fi@nd The virtue@ that possession would not show us Whiles it was ours. So will it fare with Claudio When he shall hear she died upon his words, The idea of her life shall sweetly creep Into his study of imagination, And every lovely organ of her life Shall co@me apparell'@d in more precious habit, More moving@-delicate@ and full of life, Into the eye and prospect of his soul, Than when she lived indeed then shall he mourn, If ever love had interest in his liver, And wish he had not so accused her, No, though he thought his accusation true. Let this be so, and doubt not but success Will fashion the event in better shape Than I can lay it down in likelihood. But if all aim but this be levell'd false, The supposition of the lady's death Will quench the wonder of her infamy And@ if it sort not well, you may conceal her, As best befits her wounded reputation, In some reclusive and religious life, Out of all eyes, tongues, minds@ and injuries. Bene.@Signior Leonato, let the friar advise you And though@ you know@ my inwardness and love Is very much unto the prince and Claudio, Yet, by mine hono@r, I will deal in this As secretly@ and justly@ as your soul Should with your body. Leon.Being that I flow in grief, The smallest twine may lead me. Friar.@'Tis well consented presently away For to strange sores strangely they strain the cure. Co@me, lady, die to live this wedding-day@ Perhaps@ is but prolong'd have patience@ and en@dure. Exeunt ############################## Beatrice, have you wept all this while@@ Beat.@Yea, and I will weep a while longer. Bene.@I will not desire that. Beat.@You have no reason@ I do it freely. Bene.@Surely@ I do believe your fair cousin is wronged. Beat.@Ah, how much might the man deserve of me@ that would right her! Bene.@Is there any way to show such @friendship@@ Beat.@A very even way, but no such friend. Bene.@May a man do itit Beat.@It is a man's office, but not yours. Bene.@I do love nothing in the world so well as you isis not that strange@@ Beat.@As strange as the thing I know not. It were as possible for me to say@ I loved nothing so well as you but believe me not and yet I lie not I confess nothing, nor I deny nothing. I am sorry for my cousin. Bene.@By my sword, Beatrice, thou lovest me. Beat.@Do not swear@@@@@@, and eat it. Bene.@I will swear by it@ that you love me and I will make him eat it@ that says@ I love not you. Beat. Will you not eat your word @@Bene.@With no sauce that can be devised to it. I protest@ I love thee. Beat.@Why, then, God forgive me! Bene.@What offence, sweet Beatrice@ Beat.@You have stayed me in a happy hour I was about to protest@ I loved you. Bene.@And do it with all thy heart. Beat.I love you with so much of my heart@ that none is left to protest. Bene.@Co@me, bid me do any thing for thee. Beat.@Kill Claudio. Bene.@Ha! not for the wide world. Beat.@You kill me to deny it. Farewell. Bene.Tarry, sweet Beatrice. Beat.@I am gone, though I am here there is no love in you @nay, I pray you, let me go. Bene.@Beatrice,~ Beat.@In faith, I will go. Bene.@We@@'ll be friends first. Beat.@You dare easier be friends with me@ than fight with mine enemy. Bene.@Is Claudio thine enemy@ Beat.@Is he not approved in the height a, villain, that hath slandered, scorned, dishono@red my kinswoman@@ O that I were a man! What, bear her in hand until they co@me to take hands and then, with public accusation, un@covered slander, unmitigated ranco@r,-O God, that I were a man! I would eat his heart in the market-place. Bene.Hear me, Beatrice,~ Beat.@Talk with a man out at a window! A proper saying! Bene.@Nay, but, Beatrice,~ Beat.Sweet Hero! She is wronged, she is slandered, she is undone. Bene.@Beat@~ Beat.Princes@ and counties! Surely, a princely testimony, a goodly ############# a sweet gallant, surely! O that I were a man for his sake! or that I had any friend would be a man for my sake! But manhood is melted into courtesies, valo@r into compliment, and men are only turned into tongue, and trim ones too he is now a@ valiant as Hercules@ that only tells a lie@ and swears it. I cannot be a man with wishing, therefore I will die a woman with grieving. Bene.@Tarry, good Beatrice. By this hand, I love thee. Beat.@Use it for my love some other way than swearing by it. Bene.@Think you in your soul@ the Count Claudio hath wronged Hero @@Beat.@Yea, as sure as I have a thought@ or a soul. Bene.@Enough, I am engaged@ I will challenge him. I will kiss your hand, and so I leave you. By this hand, Clau@dio shall render me a dear account. As you hear of me, so think of me. Go, comfort your cousin I must say@ she is dead and so, farewell. ####################### ####################### and Sexton, in ######### Watch, with ############################### our whole dissembly appeareded Verg.@O, a stool and a cushion for the sexton. Sex@@@.@Which be the malefactors@ Dog@.@Marry, that am I@ and my partner. Verg.@Nay, that@'s certain we have the exhibition to examine. Sex@@@.@But which are the offenders that are to be exa@mined@@ let them come before master constable. Dog@.@Yea, marry, let them co@me before me. What is your name, friend@@ Bora.@Borachio. Dog@.@Pray, write down, Borachio. Yours, sirrah@ Con@.@I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Con@rade. Dog@.@Write down, master gentleman Conrade. Masters, do you serve God Con. Bora.@Yea, sir, we hope. Dog@.@Write down, that they hope they serve God @and write God first for God defend but God should go before such villains! M@asters, it is proved already that you are little better than false knaves and it will go near to be thought so shortly. How answer you for yourselves@@ Con@.@Marry, sir, we say@ we are none. Dog@.@A marvellous witty fellow, I assure you but I will go about with him. Come you hither, sirrah a word in your ear@ sir, I say to you, it is thought you are false knaves. Bora.@Sir, I say to you@ we are none. Dog.@Well, stand aside. 'Fore God, they are both in a tale. Have you writ down, that they are none @@Sex@@@.@Master constable, you go not the way to exa@mine you must call forth the watch that are their ac@cusers. Dog@.@Yea, marry, that@'s the eftest way. Let the watch come forth. Masters, I charge you, in the prince's name, accuse these men. First Watch.@This man said, sir, that Don John, the prince's brother, was a villain. @Dog.@Write down Prince John a villain. Why, this is flat perjury, to call a prince's brother vil@lain. Bora.@Master constable,@~ Dog.Pray thee, fellow, peace I do not like thy look, I promise thee. Sex@@@.@What heard you him say else Sec. Watch.@Marry, that he had received @@thousand du@cats of Don John@ for accusing the Lady Hero wrong@fully. Dog@.@Flat burglary@ as ever was committed. Verg@.Yea, by @@@@mass, that it is. Sex@@@@.@What else, fellow First Watch.@And that Count Claudio did mean, upon his words, to disgrace Hero before the whole assembly, and not m@arry her. Dog@.@O villain! thou wilt be condemned into everlast@ing redemption for this. Sex@@@.@What ##### Watch.This is all. Sex@@@.@And this is more, masters, than you can deny. Prince John is this morning secretly stolen away Hero was in this manner accused, in this very manner refused, and upon the grief of this@ suddenly died. Master constable, let these men be bound, and brought to Leonato's I will go before@ and show him their examination.ation. Dog@.@Come, let them be opinioned. Verg.Let them be in the ############### coxcomb! Dog@.@God's my life, where@'s the sexton@ let him write down the prince's officer@ coxcomb. Co@me, bind them. Thou naughty varlet! Con@.@Away! you are an ass, you are an ass. Dog@.@Dost thou not suspect my place@ dost thou not suspect my years @@O that he were here to write me down @an ass! But, masters, remember@ that I am an ass though it be not written down, yet forget not that I am an ass. No, thou villain, thou art full of piety, as shall be proved upon thee by good witness. I am a wise fellow, and, which is more, an officer, and, which is more, a@ householder, and, which is more, as pretty a piece of flesh as any is in Messina, and one that knows the law, go to and a rich fellow enough, go to and a fellow that hath had losses, and one that hath two gowns@ and@ every thing handsome about him. Bring him away. @O that I had been writ down an ############################# ######### house. ################################### you go on thus, you will kill yourself And 'tis not wisdom@ thus to second grief Against yourself. Leon.I pray thee, cease thy counsel, Which falls into mine ears as profitless As water in a sieve give not me counsel Nor let no comforter delight mine ear@ But such a one whose wrongs do suit with mine. Bring me a father@ that so loved his child, Whose joy of her is overwhelm'd like mine, And bid him speak of patience Measure his woe the length and breadth of mine@ And let it answer every strain for strain, As thus for thus@ and such a grief for such, In every lineament, branch, shape, and form If such a one will smile@ and stroke his beard, Bid@ sorrow wag, cry 'hem!' when he should groan, Patch grief with proverbs, make misfortune drunk With candle-wasters bring him yet to me, And I of him will gather patience. But there is no such man for, brother, men Can counsel@ and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel but, tasting it, Their counsel turns to passion, which before Would give preceptial medicine to rage, Fetter strong madness in a silken thread, Charm ache with air@ and agony with words No, no 'tis all men's office to speak patience To those that wring under the load of sorrow, But no man's virtue@ nor sufficiency@ To be so moral@ when he shall endure The like himself. Therefore give me no counsel My griefs cry louder than advertisement. @Ant.@Therein do men from children nothing differ. Leon.@I pray thee, peace. I will be flesh and blood For there was never yet philosopher@ That could endure the toothache patiently, However they have writ the style of gods@ And made a push at chance and sufferance. Ant.Yet bend not all the harm upon yourself Make those@ that do offend you@ suffer too. Leon.There thou speak'st reason nay, I will do so. My soul doth tell me@ Hero is belied And that shall Claudio know@ so shall the prince@ And all of them@ that thus dishono@r her. ################ and ################################################################## den, good den. Claud.@Good day to both of you. Leon.@Hear you, my ############### have some haste, Leonato. Leon.Some haste, my lord! well, fare you well, my lord @Are you so hasty now@ well, all is one. Pedro.Nay, do not quarrel with us, good old man. Ant.@If he could right himself with quarrelling, Some of us would lie low. Claud.@Who wrongs him@@ @Leon.@Marry, thou dost wrong me@ thou dissembler, thou ~Nay, never lay thy hand upon thy sword@ I fear thee not. Claud.@Marry, beshrew my hand, If it should give your age such cause of fear In faith, my hand meant nothing to my sword. Leon.@Tush, tush, man@ never fleer and jest at me I speak not like a dotard@ nor a fool, As@ under privilege of age@ to brag What I have done being young, or what would do@ Were I not old. Know, Claudio, to thy head, Thou hast so wrong'd mine innocent child and me@ That I am forced to lay my reverence by And, with grey hairs@ and bruise of many days, Do challenge thee to trial of a man. I say@ thou hast belied mine innocent child@ Thy slander hath gone through and through her heart, And she lies buried with her ancestors O, in a tomb where never scandal slept, Save this of hers, framed by thy villa@ny! Claud.@My ######## Leon.Thine, Claudio thine, I ############## say not right, old man. Leon.@My lord, my lord, I'll prove it on his body, if he dare, Despite his nice fence@ and his active practice, His May of youth@ and bloom of lustihood. Claud.@Away! I will not have to do with you. Leon.@Canst thou so daff me@ Thou hast kill'd my child If thou kill'st me, boy, thou shalt kill a man. Ant.He shall kill two of us, and men indeed But that's no matter let him kill one first@ Win me and wear me@ let him answer me. Co@me, follow me, boy co@me, sir boy, come, follow me Sir boy, I'll whip you from your foining fence Nay, as I am a gentleman, I will. Leon.@Brother,~ Ant.Content yourself. God knows@ I loved my niece And she is dead, slander'd to death by villains, That dare as well answer a man indeed@ As I dare take a serpent by the tongue Boys, apes, braggarts, Jacks, milksops! Leon.@Brother Anthony,~ Ant.@Hold you content. What, man! I know them, yea, And what they weigh, even to the utmost scruple,~Scrambling, out-facing, fashion-mong@@ing boys, That lie@ and cog@ and flout, deprave@ and slander, Go antic@ly,@@@@ show outward hideousness, And speak off half a dozen dangerous words, How they might hurt their enemies, if they durst@ And this is all. Leon.@But, brother Anthony,~ Ant.Co@me, 'tis no matter Do not you meddle@ let me deal in this. D. Pedro.Gentlemen both, we will not wake your patience. My heart is sorry for your daughter's death But, on my hono@r, she was charged with nothing But what was true@ and very full of proof. Leon.@My lord, my lord,~ ######### will not hear you. Leon.@No@ Come, brother@ away! I will be heard. Ant.And shall, or some of us will smart for it. ######################################### see here co@mes the man we went to seek. Claud.@Now, signior, what news@ Bene.@Good day, my lord. D. Pedro.@Welcome, signior you are almost come to part almost a fray. Claud.@We had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth. D. Pedro.@Leonato and his brother. What thinkest thou@ Had we fought, I doubt@ we should have been too young for them. Bene.@In a false quarrel there is no true valo@r. I came to seek you both. Claud.@We have been up and down to seek thee for we are high-proof melancholy@ and would fain have it beaten away. Wilt thou use thy wit@@ Bene.@It is in my scabbard shall I draw it # Pedro.@Dost thou wear thy wit by thy side@@ Claud.@Never any did so, though very many have been beside their wit. I will bid thee draw, as we do the min@strels draw, to pleasure us. D. Pedro.@As I am an honest man, he looks pale. Art thou sick, or angry@ Claud.@What, courage, man! What@ though care killed a cat, thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care. Bene.@Sir, I shall meet your wit in the career, and you charge it against me. I pray you@ choose another subject. Claud.@Nay, then, give him another staff this last was broke cross. D. Pedro.@By this light, he changes more and more I think@ he be angry indeed. Claud.@If he be, he knows how to turn his girdle. Bene.@Shall I speak a word in your ear @@Claud.@God bless me from a ############# are a villain @I jest not @I will make it good how you dare, with what you dare, and when you dare. Do me right, or I will protest your cowardice. You have killed a sweet lady, and her death shall fall heavy on you. Let me hear from you. Claud.@Well, I will meet you, so I may have good cheer. D. Pedro.@What, a feast@, a feast@@ Claud.I' faith, I thank him he hath bid me to a calf's head and a capon the which if I do not carve most curi@ously, say@ my knife@'s naught. Shall I not find a wood@cock too@ Bene.Sir, your wit ambles well it goes easily. D. Pedro.@@@I'll tell thee@ how Beatrice praised thy wit the other day. I said, thou hadst a fine wit ######## she, 'a fine little one.' 'No,' #### I, 'a great wit ' 'Right,' says she, 'a great gross ### 'Nay,' said I, 'a good #### 'Just,' said she, 'it hurts nobody.' 'Nay,' said I, ######## ' 'Certain,' said she,'a wise 'Nay,' said I, 'he hath the tongues ' 'That I believe,' said she, 'for he swore a thing to me on Mon@day night, ######################### there@'s a double tongue@ there@'s ######### Thus did she, an hour, together, trans@shape thy particular virtues yet@ at last@ she concluded with a sigh, thou wast the properest man in Italy. Claud.@For the which she wept heartily@ and said@ she cared not. Pedro.Yea, that she did but yet, for all that, an if she did not hate him deadly, she would love him dearly the old man's daughter told us all. Claud.@All, all and, moreover, God saw him when he was hid in the garden. D. Pedro.@But when shall we set the savage bull's horns on the sensible Benedick's headad Claud.@Yea, and text underneath, 'Here dwells Benedick@ the married man' Bene.@Fare you well, boy you know my mind. I will leave you now to your gossip@like humo@r you break jests as braggards do their blades, which@ God be thanked, hurt not. My lord, for your many courtesies I thank you I must discontinue your company your brother@ the bastard@ is fled from Messina you have@ among you@ killed a sweet and innocent lady. For my Lord Lack@beard there, he and I shall meet and, till then, peace be with him. Exit. ############ is in earnest. Claud.@In most profound earnest and, @@I'll warrant you, for the love of Beatrice. D. Pedro.@And hath challenged thee. Claud.@Most sincerely. D. Pedro.@What a pretty thing man is@ when he goes in his doublet and hose@ and leaves off his ###################################################################### Claud.@He is then a giant to an ape but then is an ape a doctor to such a man. D. Pedro.But, soft you, let me be pluck up, my heart, and be sad. Did he not say, my brother was ###################################################################### weigh more reasons in her balance nay, an you be a cursing hypocrite once, you must be looked to. D. Pedro.@How now@ two of my brother's men bound! Bo@rachio@ one! Claud.@Hearken after their offence, my lord. D. Pedro.@Officers, what offence have these men done @@Dog@.@Marry, sir, they have committed false report moreover, they have spoken untruths secondarily, they are slanders sixth and lastly, they have belied a lady thirdly, they have verified unjust things and, to conclude, they are lying knaves. D. ############ I ask thee what they have done thirdly, I ask thee what@'s their offence sixth and lastly, why they are committed and, to conclude, what you lay to their charge. Claud.@Rightly reasoned, and in his own division and, by my troth, there@'s one meaning well suited. D. Pedro.@Who have you offended, masters, that you are thus bound to your answer@ this learned constable is too cunning to be understood what@'s your offence@ Bora.@Sweet prince, let me go no farther to mine answer do you hear me, and let this count kill me. I have deceived even your very eyes what your wisdoms could not disco@ver, these shallow fools have brought to light who@ in the night@ overheard me confessing to this man@ how Don John your brother incensed me to slander the Lady Hero, how you were brought into the orchard@ and saw me court Mar@garet in Hero's garments, how you disgraced her, when you should marry her my villa@ny they have upon record which I had rather seal with my death@ than repeat over to my shame. The lady is dead upon mine and my master's false accusation and, briefly, I desire nothing but the re@ward of a villain. Pedro.@Runs not this speech like iron through your blood @@Claud.@I have drunk poison@ whiles he utter'd it. D. Pedro.@But did my brother set thee on to this @@Bora.@Yea, and paid me richly for the practice of it. D. Pedro.He is composed and framed of treachery @And fled he is upon this villa@ny. Claud.@Sweet Hero! now thy image doth appear In the rare semblance that I loved it first. Dog@.@Come, bring away the plaintiffs by this time@ our sexton hath reformed Signior Leonato of the matter and, masters, do not forget to specify, when time and place shall serve, that I am an ass. Verg.@Here, here co@mes master Signior Leonato, and the Sexton too. Re-enter ############################ Sexton. Leon.Which is the villain@ let me see his eyes, That, when I note another man like him, I may avoid him which of these is he@@ Bora.@If you would know your wronger, look on me. Leon.@Art thou the slave@ that with thy breat@h hast kill'd Mine innocent child@@ Bora.@Yea, even I alone. Leon.No, not so, villain thou beliest thyself Here stand a pair of hono@rable men@ A third is fled, that had a hand in it. I thank you, princes, for my daughter's death Record it with your high and worthy deeds 'Twas bravely done, if you bethink you of it. Claud.@I know not how to pray your patience@ Yet I must speak. Choose your revenge yourself Impose me to what penance your invention Can lay upon my sin yet sinn'd I not@ But in mistaking. Pedro.@By my soul, nor I And yet, to satisfy this good old man, I would bend under any heavy weight That he'll enjoin me to. Leon.@I cannot bid you bid my daughter live@ That were impossible but, I pray you both, Possess the people in Messina here How innocent she died and@ if your love Can labo@r ought in sad invention, Hang her an epitaph upon her tomb@ And sing it to her bones, sing it to-night To-morrow morning co@me you to my house, And since you could not be my son-in-law, Be yet my nephew my brother hath a daughter, Almost the copy of my child that's dead, And she alone is heir to both of us Give her the right you should have given heir cousin, And so dies my revenge. Claud.@@O noble sir, Your over-kindness doth wring tears from me! I do embrace your offer and dispose For henceforth of poor Claudio. Leon.@To-morrow then I will expect your coming To-night I take my leave. This naughty man Shall face to face be brought to Margaret, Who@ I believe@ was pack'd in all this wrong, Hired to it by your brother. Bora.@No, by my soul, she was not, Nor knew not what she did@ when she spoke to me, But always hath been just and virtuous@ In any thing that I do know by her. Dog@.@Moreover, sir, which@ indeed@ is not under white and black, this plaintiff here, the offender, did call me ass I beseech you, let it be remembered in his punishment. And also, the watch heard them talk of one Deformed they say@ he wears a key in his ear@ and a lock hanging by it, and borrows money in God's name, the which he hath used so long@ and never paid@ that now men grow hard-hearted@ and will lend nothing for God's sake pray you, examine him upon that point. Leon.@I thank thee for thy care and honest pains. Dog@.@Your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverend youth and I praise God for you. Leon.@There@'s for thy pains. Dog@.@God save the foundation! Leon.Go, I discharge thee of thy prisoner, and I thank thee. Dog.@I leave an arrant knave with your worship which I beseech your worship to correct yourself, for the example of others. God keep your worship! I wish your worship well God restore you to health! I humbly give you leave to depart and if a merry meeting may be wished, God pro@hibit it! Come, ########################## to-morrow morning, lords, farewell. Ant.@Farewell, my lords we look for you to-morrow. D. Pedro.@We will not fail. Claud.@To-night I'll mourn with Hero. Leon. Bring you these fellows on. We'll talk with Margaret, How her acquaintance grew with this lewd fellow. ########################### LEONATO'S garden. ############################# meeting. Bene.@Pray thee, sweet Mistress Margaret, deserve well at my hands@ by helping me to the speech of Beatrice. Marg.@Will you then write me a sonnet in praise of my beauty Bene.In so high a style, Margaret, that no man living shall come over it for, in most comely truth, thou deser@vest it. Marg.To have no man co@me over me! why, shall I al@ways keep below stairs @@Bene.@Thy wit is as quick as the greyhound's mouth@ it catches. Marg.And yours as blunt as the fencer's foils, which hit, but hurt not. Bene.@A most manly wit, Margaret@ it will not hurt a woman and so, I pray thee, call Beatrice I give thee the bucklers. Marg.@Give us the swords@ we have bucklers of our own. Bene.@If you use the@m, Margaret, you must put in the pikes with a vice and they are dangerous weapons for maids. Marg.Well, I will call Beatrice to you, who@ I think@ hath ########################### therefore will ############# The ################## And knows me, and knows ############################# in singing but in loving, Leander the good swimmer, Troilus the first employer of pandars, and a whole book@ful@ of these quondam carpet-m@ongers, whose names yet run smoothly in the even road of a blank verse, why, they were never so truly turned over and over@ as my poor self@ in love. Marry, I cannot show it in rhyme I have tried I can find out no rhyme to 'lady' but 'baby,' an innocent rhyme for 'scorn,' 'horn,' a hard rhyme ############# bab@bling rhyme very ominous endings no, I was not born under a rhyming planet, nor I cannot woo in festival terms. Enter BEATRICE. Sweet Beatrice, would@st thou come when I called theet.Yea, signior, and depart when you bid me. Bene.@O, stay but till then! Beat.'Then' is spoken fare you well now @and yet, ere I go, let me go with that I came@@@@@ which is, with knowing what hath passed between you and Claudio. Bene.Only foul words and thereupon I will kiss ########## words is but foul wind, and foul wind is but foul breath, and foul breath is noisome therefore I will depart unkissed. Bene.@Thou hast frighted the word out of his right sense, so forcible is thy wit. But@ I must tell thee plainly, Clau@dio undergoes my challenge and either I must shortly hear from him, or I will subscribe him a coward. And, I pray thee now, tell me@ for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me @Beat.@For them all together which maintained so poli@tic a state of evil@ that they will not admit any good part to intermingle with them. But for which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me@ ############## a good epithet! I do suffer love@ in@deed, for I love thee against my will. Beat.@In spite of your heart, I think alas, poor heart! If you spite it for my sake, I will spite it for yours for I will never love that which my friend hates. Bene.@Thou and I are too wise to woo peaceably. Beat.@It appears not in this confession there@'s not one wise man among twenty@ that will praise himself. Bene.@An old, an old instance, Beatrice, that lived in the time of good neighbo@rs. If a man do not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies, he shall live no longer in monu@ment@ than the bell rings@ and the widow weeps. Beat.@And how long is that, think youou Bene.@Question@ why, an hour in clamo@r@ and a quarter in r@heum therefore is it most expedient for the wise, if Don Worm, his conscience, find no impediment to the contrary, to be the trumpet of his own virtues, as I am to myself. So much for praising myself, who, I myself will bear witness, is praise@worthy@ and now tell me, how doth your cousin ########### Bene.And how do you @@Beat.@Very ill too. Bene.@Serve God, love me@ and mend. There will I leave you too, for here co@mes one in haste. Enter URSULA. Urs.@Madam, you must come to your uncle. Yonder@'s old coil at home it is proved my Lady Hero hath been falsely accused, the prince and Claudio mightily abused and Don John is the author of all, who is fled and gone. Will you co@me presently@@ Beat.@Will you go hear this news, signior@ Bene.@I will live in thy heart, die in thy lap@ and be bu@ried in thy eyes and@ moreover@ I will go with thee to thy ################################## ############################################################# Claud.@Is this the monument of Leonato@@ A Lord.@It is, my lord. ################### to death by slanderous tongues Was the Hero that here lies Death, in guerdon of her @wrongs, Gives herfame which never dies. So the life@ that died with shame@ Lives in death ########### Hang thou there upon the tomb, ######### when I am dumb. Now, music, sound, and sing your solemn hymn. S@ON@G. Pardon, goddess of the night, ############### knight For the ################ of woe, Round about her tomb they go. Midnight, assist our moan ########### and groan, ################ yawn@ and yield your dead, Till death be uttered, Heavily, heavily. Claud.Now, unto thy bones good night! Yearly will I do this rite. D. Pedro.@Good morrow, masters put your torches out The wolves have prey'd and@ look, the gentle day, Before the wheels of Phoebus, round about Dapples the drowsy east with spots of grey. Thanks to you all, and leave us fare you well. Claud.@Good morrow, masters each his several way. Pedro. Co@me, let us hence, and put on other weeds And then to Leonato's we will go. Claud.@And@ Hymen@ now with luckier issue speed's Than this@ for whom we render'd up this woe. ########### LEONATO'S house. ##################################################################### Friar.@Did I not tell you she was innocent @@Leon.@So are the prince and Claudio, who accused her@ Upon the error that you heard debated But Margaret was in some fault for this, Although against her will, as it appears In the true course of all the question. @Ant.@Well, I am glad that all things sort so well. Bene.@And so am I, being else by faith enforced To call young Claudio to a reckoning for it. Leon.@Well, daughter, and you gentlewomen all, Withdraw into a chamber by yourselves, And@ when I send for you, co@me hither ####### The prince and Claudio promised by this hour To visit me. You know your office, brother You must be father to your brother's daughter, And give her to young ####################### Ant.@Which I will do with confirm'@d countenance. Bene.@Friar, I must entreat your pains, I think. Friar.@To do what, signior@@ Bene.@To bind me, or undo me@ one of them. Signior Leonato, truth it is, good signior, Your niece regards me with an eye of favo@r. Leon.@That eye my daughter lent her 'tis most true. Bene.@And I do with an eye of love requite her. Leon.@The sight whereof@ I think@ you had from me, From Claudio@ and the prince but what's your will@ Bene.@Your answer, sir, is enigmatical But, for my will, my will is@ your good will May stand with ours, this day to be conjoin'd In the state of hono@rable marriage In which, good friar, I shall desire your help. Leon.My heart is with your liking. Friar.@And my help. Here comes the prince@ and Claudio. Enter DON #################################### Pedro.@Good morrow to this fair assembly. Leon.@Good morrow, prince good morrow, Claudio We here attend you. Are you yet determined To-day to marry with my brother's daughter@ Claud.@I'll hold my mind, were she an Ethiope. Leon.@Call her forth, brother@ here's the friar ready. ################ morrow, Benedick. Why, what's the matter, That you have such a February face, So full of frost, of storm@ and cloudine@s@s Claud.@I think@ he thinks upon the savage bull. Tush, fear not, man@ we'll tip thy horns with gold@ And all Europa shall rejoice at thee, As once Europa did at lusty Jove, When he would play the noble beast in love. Bene.@Bull Jove, sir, had an amiable low And some such strange bull leap'd your father's cow, And got a calf@ in that same noble feat@ Much like to you, for you have just his bleat. ################################################################################################################################################ seize upon@@ Ant.@This same is she, and I do give you her. Claud.@Why, then she's mine. Sweet, let me see your face. Leon.@No, that you shall not, till you take her hand Before this friar@ and swear to marry her. Claud.@Give me your hand before this holy friar, I am your husband, if you like of me. Hero.@And when I lived, I was your other wife Unmasking. And when you loved, you were my other husband. Claud.@Another Hero@! Hero.Nothing certain@er One Hero died defiled, but I do live, And@ surely as I live, I am a maid. D. Pedro.The former Hero! Hero@ that is dead! Leon.She died, my lord, but whiles her slander lived. Friar.@All this amazement can I qualify When@ after that the holy rites are ended, I'll tell you largely of fair Hero's death Meantime let wonder seem familiar, And to the chapel let us presently. Bene.@Soft and fair, friar. Which is Beatrice@@ ############## to that name@@@@@.@ What is your willll Bene.@Do not you love me Beat.Why, no@ no more than reason. Bene.@Why, then your uncle@ and the prince@ and Claudio@ Have been deceived@@@@ they swore@ you did. Beat.@Do not you love me @@Bene.@Troth, no@ no more than reason. Beat.@Why, then my cousin@ Margaret@ and Ursula@ Are much deceived for they did swear@ you did. Bene.@They swore@ that you were almost sick for me. Beat.@They swore@ that you were well-nigh dead for me. Bene.@'Tis no such matter. Then@ you do not love me@ @Beat.@No, truly, but in friendly recompense. Leon.Come, cousin, I am sure you love the gentleman. Claud.@And I'll be sworn upon't@ that he loves her For here's a paper@ written in his hand, A halting sonnet of his own pure brain, Fashion'd to Beatrice. Hero.@And here's another@ Writ in my cousin's hand, stolen from her pocket, Containing her affection unto Benedick. Bene.@A miracle! here's our own hands against our hearts. Co@me, I will have thee but, by this light, I take thee for pity. Beat.I would not deny you @but, by this good day, I yield upon great persuasion and@ partly@ to save your life, for I was told@ you were in a consumption. Bene.@Peace! I will stop your mouth. ######## D. Pedro.@How dost thou, Benedick, the married man@ Bene.@@@I'll tell thee what, prince a college of wit-crackers cannot flout me out of my humor. Dost thou think@ I care for a satire@ or an epigram @@No if a man will be beaten with brains, a' shall wear nothing handsome about him. In brief, since I do purpose to marry, I will think nothing to any purpose that the world can say against it and therefore never flout at me for what I have said against it for man is a giddy thing, and this is my conclusion. For thy part, Claudio, I did think to have beaten thee but@ in that thou art like to be my kinsman, live unbruised@ and love my cousin. Claud.@I had well hoped@ thou wouldst have denied Bea@trice, that I might have cudgelled thee out of thy single life, to make thee a double-dealer which, out of question, thou wilt be, if my cousin do not look exceedingly narrowly to thee. Bene.@Come, come, we are friends let@'s have a dance ere we are married, that we may lighten our own hearts@ and our wives' heels. Leon.We'll have dancing afterward. Bene.First, of my word therefore@ play, music. Prince, thou art sad get thee a wife, get thee a wife there is no staff more reverend than one tipped with horn. Enter a Messenger. Mess.My lord, your brother John is ta'en in flight, And brought with armed men back to Messina. Bene.Think not on him till to-morrow I@@'ll devise thee brave punishments for him. Strike up, pipers. ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### fame, that all hunt after in their lives, Live register'd upon our brazen tombs@ And then grace us in the disgrace of death When, spite of cormorant devouring Time, The endeavour of this present breath may buy That honour@ which shall bate his scythe's keen edge@ And make us heirs of all eternity. Therefore, brave conquerors,-for so you are, That war against your own affections@ And the huge army of the world's desires,-~Our late edict shall strongly stand in force Navarre shall be th@e wonder of the world Our court shall be a little Academe, Still and contemplative in living art. You three, Biron, Dumain, and Longaville, Have sworn for three years' term to live with me@ My fellow-scholars@ and to keep those statutes@ That are recorded in this schedule here Your oaths are pass'd and now subscribe your names, That his own hand may strike his honour down@ That violates the smallest branch herein If you are arm'd to do@ as sworn to do, Subscribe to your deep oaths, and keep it too. Long.@I am resolved 'tis but a three years' fast The mind shall banquet, though the body pine Fat paunches have lean pates, and dainty bits Make rich the ribs, but bankrupt quite the #################### loving lord, Dumain is mortified The grosser manner of these world's delights He throws upon the gross world's baser slaves To love, to wealth, to pomp, I pine and die With all these living in philosophy. ###################### but say their protestation over@ So much, dear liege, I have already sworn, That is, to live and study here three years. But there are other strict observances As, not to see a woman in that term, Which@ I hope well@ is not enrolled there And@ one day in a week to touch no food And but one meal on every day beside, The which@ I hope@ is not enrolled there And then, to sleep but three hours in the night, And not be seen to wink of all the day-~When I was wont to think no harm all night@ And make a dark night too of half the day-~Which@ I hope well@ is not enrolled there@ O, these are barren tasks, too hard to keep, Not to see ladies, study, fast, not sleep! King.@Your oath is pass'd to pass away from these. Biron.Let me say@ no, my liege, an if you please I only swore@ to study with your grace@ And stay here in your court for three years' space. Long.@You swore to that, Biron, and to the rest. Biron.By yea and nay, sir, then I swore in jest. What is the end of study @@let me know. King.Why, that to know, which else we should not know. Biron.Things hid and barr'd, you mean, from common sense King.Ay, that is study's god-like recompense. Biron.Co@me on, then@ I will swear to study so, To know the thing I am forbid to know As thus,-to study where I well may dine, When I to feast expressly am forbid Or@ study where to meet some mistress fine, When mistresses from common sense are hid Or, having sworn too hard a keeping oath, Study to break it@ and not break my troth. If study's gain be thus@ and this be so, Study knows that@ which yet it doth not know Swear me to this, and I will ne'er say@ no. King.These be the stops that hinder study quite@ And train our intellects to vain delight. Biron.Why, all delights are vain but that most vain, Which@ with pain purchased@ doth inherit pain As, painfully to pore upon a book@ To seek the light of truth while truth the while Doth falsely blind the eyesight of his look Light@ seeking light@ doth light of light beguile So, ere you find where light in darkness lies, Your light grows dark by losing of your eyes. Study me how to please the eye indeed@ By fixing it upon a fairer eye, Who dazzling so, that eye shall be his heed@ And give him light that it was blinded by. Study is like the heaven's glorious sun@ That will not be deep-search'd with saucy looks Small have continual plodders ever won@ Save base authority from others' books. These earthly godfathers of heaven's lights@ That give a name to every fixed star@ Have no more profit of their shining nights@ Than those that walk and wot not what they are. Too much to know@ is@ to know nought but fame And every godfather can give a name. @King.@How well he's read, to reason against reading! Dum.@Proceeded well, to stop all good proceeding! Long.@He weeds the corn@ and still lets grow the weeding. Biron.The spring is near@ when green geese are a-breeding. Dum.@How follows that@ Biron.Fit in his place and time. Dum.@In reason nothing. Biron.Something then in rhyme. King.@Biron is like an envious sneaping frost, That bites the first-born infants of the spring. Biron.Well, say I am why should proud summer boast@ Before the birds have any cause to sing Why should I joy in any abortive birth @@At Christmas I no more desire a rose@ Than wish a snow in May's new-fangled mirth But like of each thing@ that in season grows. So you, to study now it is too late, Climb o'er the house to unlock the little gate. King.Well, sit you out go home, Biron adieu. Biron.No, my good lord I have sworn to stay with you And@ though I have for barbarism spoke more@ Than for that angel knowledge you can say, Yet confident I'll keep what I have swore@ And bide the penance of each three years' day. Give me the paper@ let me read the same And to the strict'st decrees I'll write my name. King.How well this yielding rescues thee from shame! ############### no ##### ############################# this been proclaimed@ Long.@Four days ago. Biron.Let's see the ############################# devised this penalty@@ Long.@Marry, that did I. Biron.Sweet @lord, and why @@Long.@To fright them hence with that dread penalty. Biron.A dangerous law against gentility! Reads'Item, If any man be seen to talk with a woman within the term of three years, he shall endure such public shame as the rest of the court ########### This article, my liege, yourself must break For@ well you know@ here comes in embassy The French king's daughter@ with yourself to speak-~A maid of grace@ and complete majesty-~About surrender up of Aquitaine To her decrepit, sick@ and bed@rid father Therefore this article is made in vain, Or vainly comes the admired princess hither. King.@What say you, lords@ why, this was quite forgot. Biron.So study evermore is overshot While it doth study to have what it would@ It doth forget to do the thing it should, And when it hath the thing it hunteth most, 'Tis won@ as towns with fire, so won, so lost. King.We must@ of force@ dispense with this decree She must lie here on mere necessity. Biron.Necessity will make us@@@@ forsworn Three thousand times within this three years' space For every man with his affects is born, Not by might mastered@ but by special grace If I break faith, this word shall speak for me@ I am forsworn on 'mere necessity.' So to the laws at large I write my name ########## he@ that breaks them in the least degree@ Stands in attainder of eternal shame Suggestions are to other@@ as to me But@ I believe, although I seem so loath, I am the last that will last keep his oath. But is there no quick recreation granted King.Ay, that there is. Our court, you know, is haunted With a refined traveller of Spain A man in all the world's new fashion planted, That hath a mint of phrases in his brain One@ whom the music of his own vain tongue Doth ravish@ like enchanting harmony A man of complements, whom right and wrong Have chose as umpire of their mutiny This child of fancy, that Armado hight, For interim to our studies@ shall relate@ In high-born words@ the worth of many a knight From tawny Spain@ lost in the world's debate. How you delight, my lords, I @know not, I But, I protest, I love to hear him lie@ And I will use him for my minstrelsy. Biron.Armado is a most illustrious wight, A man of fire-new words, fashion's own knight. Long.@Costard the swain@ and he@ shall be our sport And@ so to study, three years is but short. Enter DULL ################### Dull.@Which is the duke's own person@ Biron.This, fellow what would@st@ Dull.@I myself reprehend his own person, for I am his grace's tharborough but I would see his own person in flesh and blood. Biron.This is he. Dull.Signior Arme-Arme-commends you. There's villa@ny abroad this letter will tell you more. Cost.@Sir, the contempts thereof are as touching me. King.A letter from the magnificent Armado. Biron.How low soever the matter, I hope in God for high words. Long.@A high hope for a low heaven@ God grant us patience! Biron.To hear@ or forbear laughing@ Long.@To hear meekly, sir, and to laugh moderately or to forbear both. Biron.Well, sir, be it as the style shall give us cause to climb in the merriness. Cost.@The matter is to me, sir, as concerning Jaquenetta. The manner of it is, I was taken with the manner. Biron.In what manner@ Cost.@In manner and form following, sir all those three I was seen with her in the manor-house, sitting with her upon the form, and taken following her into the park which, put together, is@ in manner and form following. Now, sir, for the manner,-it is the manner of a man to speak to a woman for the form,-~in some form. Biron.For the following, sir@ Cost.@As it shall follow in my correction and God defend the right! King.Will you hear this letter with attention@@ Biron.As we would hear an oracle. Cost.@Such is the simplicity of man to hearken after the flesh. ################## the welkin's ########### sole dominator of Navarre, my soul's earth's god, and body's #################### a word of Costard yet. #################### may be so but if he say it is so, he is, in telling true, but but so. ############ Cost.@@Be to me@ and every man that dares not fight! King.No ############### other men's secrets, I beseech you. ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### this@ Cost.@Sir, I confess the wench. King.Did you hear the proclamation@ Cost.@I do confess much of the hearing it@ but little of the marking of it. King.@It was proclaimed a year's imprisonment, to be taken with a wench. Cost.@I was taken with none, sir I was taken with a dam@sel. King.@Well, it was proclaimed 'dam@sel.' Cost.@This was no dam@sel, neither, sir she was a virgin. King.It is so varied, too for it was proclaimed 'virgin.' Cost.@If it were, I deny her virginity I was taken with a maid. King.@This maid will not serve your turn, sir. Cost.@This maid will serve my turn, sir. King.Sir, I will pronounce your sentence you shall fast a week with bran and water. Cost.@I had rather pray a month with mutton and por@ridge. King.And Don Armado shall be your keeper. My lord Biron, see him deliver'd o'er@ And go we, lords, to put in practice that Which each to other hath so strongly ############################################## lay my head to any good man's hat, These oaths and laws will prove an idle scorn. Sirrah, come on. Cost.I suffer for the truth, sir for true it is,@I was taken with Jaquenetta, and Jaquenetta is a true girl and there@fore@ welcome the sour cup of prosperity! Affliction may one day smile again@ and till then, sit thee down, ############################################################################################################### what sign is it@ when a man of great spirit grows melancholyly ############# sign, sir, that @he will look sad. Arm.@Why, sadness is one and the self-same thing, dear imp. Moth.@No, no O Lord, sir, no. Arm.@How canst thou part sadness and melancholy, my tender juvenal@ Moth.@By a familiar demonstration of the working, my tough senior. Arm.@Why tough senior@ why tough senior Moth.Why tender juvenal@ why tender juvenal@ Arm.I spoke it, tender juvenal, as a congruent epitheton@ appertaining to thy young days, which we may nominate tender. Moth.@And I, tough senior, as an appertinent title to your old time, which we may name tough. Arm.@Pretty@ and apt. Moth.@How mean you, sir@ I pretty, and my saying apt@@ or I apt, and my saying pretty @@Arm.@Thou pretty, because little. Mot@h.@Little pretty, because little. Wherefore apt@@ @Arm.@And therefore apt, because quick. @Moth.@Speak you this in my praise, master@ Arm.@In thy condign praise. Moth.I will praise an eel with the same praise. Arm.@What, that an eel is ingenious@ @Moth.@That an eel is quick. Arm.@I do say@ thou art quick in answers thou heatest my blood. Mot@h.@I am answered, sir. Arm.@I love not to be ################## speaks the mere contrary@ crosses love not him. ############# have promised to study three years with the duke. Moth.@You may do it in an hour, sir. Arm.Impossible. Moth.@How many is one thrice told Arm.I am ill at reckoning@ it fitteth the spirit of a tapster. Moth.@You are a gentleman and a gamester,@sir. ed G Arm.@I confess both they are both the varnish of a com@plete man. Moth.@Then, I am sure, you know how much the gross sum of deuce-ace amounts to. Arm.@It doth amount to one more than two. @Moth.Which the base vulgar do call@ three. Arm.@True. Moth.@Why, sir, is this such a piece of studydy Now here is three studied, ere y@e'll thrice wink and how easy it is to put' years' to the word 'three,' and study three years in two words, the dancing horse will tell you. Arm.@A most fine figure! Moth.@To prove you a cipher. Arm.I will hereupon confe@ss I am in love and@ as it is base for a soldier to love, so am I in love with a base wench. If drawing my sword against the humour of affec@tion would deliver me from the reprobate thought of it, I would take Desire prisoner, and ransom him to any French courtier for a new-devised courtesy. I think scorn to sigh methinks@ I should out@swear Cupid. Comfort, me, boy what great men have been in love @@@@Moth.@Hercules, master. Ar@m.@Most sweet Hercules! More authority,@dear boy, name more and, sweet my child, let them be men of good repute and carriage. Moth.@Sam@son, master he was a man of good carriage, great carriage, for he carried the town-gates on his back@ like a porter and he was in love. Arm.@O well-knit Sam@son! strong-jointed Sam@son! I do excel thee in my rapier@ as much as thou didst me in carrying gates. I am in love, too. Who was Sam@son's love, my dear Moth@@ Moth.A woman, master. @@Arm.@Of what complexionon ######### all the four, or the three, or the two, or one of the four. Arm.@Tell me precisely@ of what complexion. Moth.@Of the sea-water green, sir. Arm.@Is that one of the four complexionsns @Moth.As I have read, sir and the best of them too. Arm.@Green@ indeed@ is the colour of lovers but to have a love of that colour, methinks@ Sam@son had small reason for it. He@ surely@ affected her for her wit. Moth.@It was so, sir for she had a green wit. Arm.@My love is most immaculate white and red. @Moth.Most maculate thoughts, master, are masked under such colours. Arm.@Define, define, well-educated infant. Moth.@My father's wit@ and my mother's tongue, assist me! Arm.@Sweet invocation of a child most pretty@ and pa@thetical! Moth.If she be made of white and red, Her faults will ne'er be known, For blushing cheeks by faults are bred@ And fears by pale white shown Then@ if she fear, or be to blame, By this you shall not know, For still her cheeks possess the same@ Which native she doth owe. A dangerous rhyme, master, against the reason of white and red. Arm.@Is there not a ballad, boy, of the King and the Beggar@ @Moth.@The world was very guilty of such a ballad some three ages since but@ I think@ now 'tis not to be found or, if it were, it would neither serve for the writing@ nor the tune. @@Arm.@I will have that subject newly writ o'er, that I may example my digression by some mighty precedent. Boy, I do love that country girl@ that I took in the park with the rational hind Costard she deserves well. Moth. AsideTo be whipped and yet a better love than my master. @@Arm.Sing, boy my spirit grows heavy in love. @Moth.And that's great marvel, loving a light wench. Arm.@I say, sing. @Moth.Forbear@ till this company be past. Enter ################################ the duke's pleasure is, that you keep Costard safe and you must suffer him to take no delight@ nor no penance but a' must fast three days a week. For this damsel, I must keep her at the park she is allowed for the day-woman. Fare you well. Arm.@I do betray myself with blushing. Maid! Jaq.@Man@ Arm.@I will visit thee at the lodge. Jaq.@That@'s hereby. Arm.@I know where it is situate. Jaq.Lord, how wise you are! Arm.@I will tell thee wonders. Jaq.With that facece @Arm.@I love thee. Jaq.So I heard you say. Arm.@And so, farewell. Jaq.Fair weather after you! Dull.@Come, Jaquenetta, away! ############################### thou shalt fast for thy offences@ ere thou be pardoned. Cost.@Well, sir, I hope, when I do it, I shall do it on a full stomach. Arm.@Thou shalt be heavily punished. Cost.@I am more bound to you@ than your fellows, for they are but lightly rewarded. Arm.@Take away this villain shut him up. Mot@h.@Come, you transgressing slave away! Cost.@Let me not be pent up, sir I will fast, being loose. Moth.No, sir that were fast and loose thou shalt to prison. Cost.@Well, if ever I do see the merry days of desolation that I have seen, some shall see. Moth.What shall some see@ Cost.@Nay, nothing, Master Moth, but what they look upon. It is not for prisoners to be too silent in their words and@ therefore@ I will say nothing I thank God@ I have as little patience as another man and@ therefore I can be quiet. ########## Costard. Arm.@I do affect the very ground, which is base, where her shoe, which is baser, guided by her foot, which is basest, doth tread. I shall be forsworn, which is a great argument of falsehood, if I love. And how can that be true love@ which is falsely attempteded Love is a familiar Love is a devil there is no evil angel but Love. ################## tempted, and he had an excellent strength yet was Solomon so seduced, and he had a very good wit. Cupid's butt-shaft is too hard for Hercules' club@ and therefore too much odds for a Spaniard's rapier. The first and second cause will not serve my turn the passado he respects not, the duello he regards not his disgrace is to be called boy but his glory is@ to subdue men. Adieu, valour! rust, rapier! be still, drum! for your manager is in love yea, he loveth. Assist me, some extemporal god of rhyme, for@ I am sure@ I shall turn sonnet@@@. Devise, wit write, pen for I am for whole volumes in folio. Exit. ############################################################################### Enter the Princess of ############################### Lords, and other Attendants. Boyet.Now, madam, summon up your dearest spir@its Consider who the king your father sends, To whom he sends, and what's his embassy Yourself, held precious in the world's esteem, To parley with the sole inheritor Of all perfections that a man may owe, Matchless Navarre the plea of no less weight Than Aquitaine, a dowry for a queen. Be now as prodigal of all dear grace@ As Nature was in making graces dear@ When she did starve the general world beside@ And prodigally gave them all to you. @Prin.@Good Lord Boyet, my beauty, though but mean, Needs not the painted flourish of your praise Beauty is bought by judgement of the eye, Not utter'd by base sale of chapmen's tongues I am less proud to hear you tell my worth@ Than you much willing to be counted wise In spending your wit in the praise of mine. But now to task the tasker@ good Boyet, You are not ignorant, all-telling fame Doth noise abroad, Navarre hath made a vow, Till painful stud@@y shall outwear three years, No woman may approach his silent court Therefore to@'s seemeth it a needful course, Before we enter his forbidden gates, To know his pleasure and in that behalf, Bold of your worthiness, we single you As our best-moving fair solicitor. Tell him, the daughter of the King of France, On serious business, craving quick dispatch, Importunes personal conference with his grace@ Haste, signify so much while we attend, Like humble-visaged suitors, his high will. Boyet.Proud of employment, willingly I go. ########### pride is willing pride, and yours is ####### are the votaries, my loving lords, That are vow-fellows with this virtuous duke ######### Longaville is one. Prin.@Know you the man Mar.I know him, madam at a @marriage@feast, Between Lord Perigort and the beauteous heir Of Jaques Fa@lconbridge, solemnized@ In Normandy, saw I this Longaville A man of sovereign parts @he is esteem'd Well fitted in@@@@ arts, glorious in arms Nothing becomes him ill@ t@hat he would well. The only soil of his fair virtue's gloss,@@ If virtue's gloss will stain with any soil, Is a sharp wit match'd with too blunt a will Whose edge hath power to cut, whose will still wills It should non@e spare that come within his power. Pri@n.@Some merry mocking lord, belike is 't so@ Mar.@They say so most@ that most his humours know. Prin.Such short-liv@ed wits do wither as they grow. Who are the rest Kath.The young Dumain@ a well-accomplished youth, Of all that virtue love for virtue loved Most power@ to do most harm, least knowing ill For he hath wit to make an ill shape good, And shape to win grace though he had no wit. I saw him at the Duke Alencon's once And much too little of that good I saw@ Is my report@ to his great worthiness. Ros.@Another of these students at that time Was there with him, if I have heard a truth. Biron they call him but a merrier man, Within the limit of becoming mirth, I never spent an hour's talk withal His eye begets occasion for his wit For every object that the one doth catch@ The other turns to a mirth-moving jest, Which his fair tongue, conceit's expositor, Delivers in such apt and gracious words@ That aged ears play truant at his tales@ And younger hearings are quite ravished So sweet and voluble is his discourse. Prin.@God bless my ladies! are they all in love, That every one her own hath garnished With such bedecking ornaments of praise First Lord.@Here comes Boyet. Re-enter ################# what admittance, lord@@ Boyet.Navarre had notice of your fair approach And he and his competitors in oath Were all address'd to meet you, gentle lady, Before I came. Marry, thus much I have learnt@ He rather means to lodge you in the field, Like one that comes here to besiege his court, Than seek a dispensation for his oath, To let you enter his unpeopled house. Here co@mes Navarre. ################################## and Attendants. King.Fair princess, welcome to the court of Navarre. Prin.'Fair' I give you back again and 'welcome' I have not yet the roof of this court is too high to be yours and welcome to the wide fields too base to be mine. @King.@You shall be welcome, madam, to my court. Prin.@I will be welcome, then conduct me thither. King.@Hear me, dear lady I have sworn an oath. Prin.@Our Lady help my lord! he'll be forsworn. King.@Not for the world, fair madam, by my will. @Prin.Why, will shall break it will@ and nothing else. King.Your ladyship is ignorant what it is. Prin.Were my lord so, his ignorance were wise, Where now his knowledge must prove ignorance. I hear your grace hath sworn out house-keeping 'Tis deadly sin to keep that oath, my lord, And sin to break it. But pardon me, I am too sudden-bold To teach a teacher ill beseemeth me. Vouchsafe to read the purpose of my coming, And suddenly resolve me in my suit.@@@@@@@ King.@Madam, I will, if suddenly I may. Prin.@You will the sooner, that I were away For you'll prove perjured@ if you make me stay. @Biron.Did not I dance with you in Brabant once@@ Ros.@Did not I dance with you in Brabant once Biron.@I know@ you did. Ros.How needless was it then to ask the question! Biron.You must not be so quick. @Ros.@'Tis 'long of you that spur me with such questions. Biron.Your wit's too hot, it speeds too fast, 'twill tire. Ros.Not till it leave the rider in the mire. Biron.What time o' day @@Ros.@The hour that fools should ask. Biron.Now fair befall your mask! Ros.@Fair fall the face it covers! Biron.And send you many lovers! Ros.@Amen, so you be none. Biron.Nay, then will I be gone. @King@.Madam, your father here doth intimate The payment of a hundred thousand crowns Being but the one half of an entire sum@ Disbursed by my father in his wars. But say@ that he@ or we, as neither have, Received that sum, yet there remains unpaid A hundred thousand more in surety of the which, One part of Aquitaine is bound to us, Although not valued to the money's worth. If then the king your father will restore But that one half which is unsatisfied, We will give up our right in Aquitaine, And hold fair friendship with his majesty. But that, it seems, he little purposeth, For here he doth demand to have repaid A@ hundred thousand crowns and not demands, On payment of a hundred thousand crowns, To have his title live in Aquitaine Which we much rather had depart withal@ And have the money by our father lent@ Than Aquitaine so gelded as it is. Dear princess, were not his requests so far From reason's yielding, your fair self should make A yielding@ 'gainst some reason@ in my breast@ And go well satisfied to France again. Prin.@You do the king my father too much wrong@ And wrong the reputation of your name, In so unseeming to confess receipt Of that which hath so faithfully been paid. King.@I do protest@ I never heard of it @@And@ if you prove it, I'll repay it back@ Or yield up Aquitaine. Prin.We arrest your word. Boyet, you can produce acquittances@ For such a sum@ from special officers Of Charles his father. King.Satisfy me so. Boyet.So please your grace, the packet is not co@me@ Where that and other specialties are bound To-morrow you shall have a sight of them. King.@It shall suffice me at which interview@ All liberal reason I will yield unto. Mean@time@ receive such welcome at my hand@ As honour@ without breach of honour@ may Make tender of to thy true worthiness You may not co@me, fair princess, in my gates But here without you shall be so received@ As you shall deem yourself lodged in my heart, Though so denied fair harbour in my house. Your own good thoughts excuse me, and farewell To-morrow shall we visit you again. Prin.@Sweet health and fair desires consort your grace! King.@Thy own wish wish I thee in every place! ################################# I will commend you to mine own heart. Ros.@Pray you, do my commendations I would be glad to see it. Biron.I would@ you heard it groan. Ros.Is the fool sick @@Biron.Sick at the heart. Ros.@Alack, let it blood. Biron.Would that do it good @@@Ros.@My physic says 'ay.' Biron.Will you prick't with your eye@ ############## with my knife. Biron.Now, God save thy life! Ros.@And yours from long living! Biron.I cannot stay thanksgiving. Retiring. Dum.@Sir, I pray you, a word what lady is that same@ Boyet.The heir of Alencon, Katharine her name. Dum.@A gallant lady. Monsieur, fare you well. ################## beseech you@ a word what is she in the white @@Boyet.A woman sometimes, an you saw her in the light. Long.@Perchance@ light in the light. I desire her name. Boyet.She hath but one for herself to desire that@ were a shame. Long.@Pray you, sir, whose daughter@ Boyet.Her mother's, I have heard. Long.@God's blessing on your beard! Boyet.Good sir, be not offended. She is an heir of Fa@lconbridge. Long.@Nay, my choler is ended. She is a most sweet lady. Boyet.Not unlike, sir, that may be. Exit Long. Biron.What's her name in the cap@ Boyet.Rosaline, by good hap. Biron.Is she wedded@ or no@ Boyet.To her will, sir, or so. Biron.You are welcome, sir adieu. Boyet.Farewell to me, sir, and welcome to you. Exit ############################## last is Biron, the merry madcap lord Not a word with him but a jest. Boyet.And every jest but a word. Prin.It was well done of you@ to take him at his word. Boyet.I was as willing to grapple@ as he was to board. Mar.Two hot sheeps, marry. Boyet.And wherefore not ships@ No sheep, sweet lamb, unless we feed on your lips. Mar.@You sheep, and I pasture shall that finish thejest@ Boyet.So you grant pasture for me. ####################### so, gentle beast My lips are no common, though several they be. Boyet.Belonging to whom@@ Mar.@To my fortunes and me. Prin.Good wits will be jangling but, gentles, agree This civil war of wits were much better used On Navarre and his book-men for here 'tis abused. Boyet.If my observation, which very seldom lies, By the heart's still rhetoric@ disclosed with eyes, Deceive me not now, Navarre is infected. Prin.@With what@ Boyet.With that which we lovers entitle@ affected. Prin.@Your reason@@ Boyet.Why, all his behaviours did make their retire To the court of his eye, peeping th@rough desire His heart, like an agate, with your print impress'd, Proud with his form, in his eye pride express'd His tongue, all impatient to speak and not see, Did stumble with haste in his eyesight to be All senses to that sense did make their repair, To feel only looking on fairest of fair Methought@ all his senses were lock'd in his eye, As jewels in crystal for some prince to buy Who, tendering their own worth@ from where they were glass'd, Did point you to buy them, along as you pass'd@ His face's own margent did quote such amazes@ That all eyes saw his eyes enchanted with gazes. I'll give you Aquitaine and all that is his, An you give him for my sake but one loving kiss. Prin.@Co@me@ to our pavilion Boyet is ############## to speak that in words@ which his eye hath disclosed. I only have made a mouth of his eye, By adding a tongue which I know will not lie. Ros.Thou art an old love-monger@ and speakest skilfully. Mar.He is Cupid's grandfather@ and learns news of him. Ros.@Then was Venus like her mother, for her father is but grim. Boyet.Do you hear, my mad wenches Mar.No. Boyet.What then, do you see@ Ros.Ay, our way to be gone. Boyet.You are too hard for me. ##################################################### ##### ARMADO ######### Arm.@Warble, child make passionate my sense of hearing. ######################################### air! Go, tenderness of years take this key, give enlargement to the swain, bring him festinately hither I must employ him in a letter to my love. @Moth.@Master, will you win your love with a French brawl@ @Arm.@How meanest thou@ brawling in French@ @Moth.@No, my complete master but to j@ig off a tune at the tongue's end, canary to it with your feet. humo@r it with turning up your eyelids, sigh a note@ and sing a note, sometime through the throat, as if you swallowed love with singing love, sometime through the nose, as if you snuffed up love by smelling love with your hat penthouse-like@ o'er the shop of your eyes with your arms crossed on your thin-belly doublet@ like a rabbit on a spit or your hands in your pocket@ like a man after the old painting and keep not too long in one tune, but a snip and away. These are complements, these are humours these betray nice wenches, that would be betrayed without these and make them men of note@-do you note@ me@ -that most are affected to these. Arm.How hast thou purchased this ###################### my penny of observation. Arm.@But O,-but ############# hobby-horse is forgot.' Arm.@Callest thou my love 'hobby-horse' Moth.@No, master@ the hobby-horse is but a colt, and your love@ perhaps@ a hackney. But have you forgot your love@ Arm.@Almost I had. Moth.Negligent student! learn her by heart. A@rm.@By heart@ and in heart, boy. @Moth.And out of heart, master all those three I will prove. Arm.@What wilt thou prove@@ Moth.@A @man, if I @live and this, by, in, and without, upon the instant by heart you love her, because your heart cannot co@me by her in heart you love her, because your heart is in love with her and out of heart you love her, being out of heart that you cannot enjoy her. @Arm.@I am all these three. Moth.And three times as much more, and yet nothing at all. Arm.Fetch hither the swain @he must carry me a letter. @Moth.A message well sympathized a horse to be am@bassador for an ass. Arm.@Ha, ha! what sayest thou@ Moth.@Marry, sir, you must send the ass upon the horse, for he is very slow-gaited. But I go. Arm.@The way is but short away! Moth.@As swift as lead, sir. Arm.@The meaning, pretty ingenious@@ Is not lead a metal@ heavy, dull, and ################### master@ or rather, master, no. Arm.@I say@ lead is slow. Mot@h.@You are too swift, sir, to say so Is that lead slow which is fired from a gun@ Ar@m.@Sweet smoke of rhetoric! He r@eputes me a cannon and the bullet, that's he @I shoot thee at the swain. Mot@h.@Thump then@ and I flee. # Arm.@A most acute juvenal@ volable and free of grace! By thy favour, sweet welkin, I must sigh in thy face Most rude melancholy, valour gives thee place. My herald is return'd. Re-enter ######################### wonder, master! here's a costard broken in a shin. Arm.@Some enigma, some riddle come, #### ###### Cost.No egma, no riddle, no l'envoy no salve in the mail, sir O, sir, plantain, a plain plantain! no l'envoy@ no #### no salve, sir, but a plantain! Arm.@By virtue, thou enforcest laughter thy silly thought@ my spleen the heaving of my lungs provokes me to ridiculous smiling. O, pardon me, my stars! Doth the inconsiderate take salve for l'envoy, and the word l'envoy@ for a salve@@ Moth.@Do the wise think them other@ is not l'envoy a salve@ Arm.@No, page it is an epilogue or discourse, to make plain Some obscure precedence that hath tofore been sain. I will example it The fox, the ape@ and the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but three. There's t@he moral. Now ###################### add the l'envoy. Say the moral again. Arm.@The fox, the ape,@@@@ the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but three@. Moth.@Until the goose came out of door, And stay'd the odds@ by adding four. Now will I begin your moral, and do@ you follow with my l'envoy. The fox, the ape@ and the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but three. Arm.@Until the goose came out of door, Staying the odds by adding four. ################## ending in the goose would you desire more@@ Cost.The boy hath sold him a bargain, a goose, that's @@flat. Sir, your penny@worth is good, an your goose be fat. To sell a bargain well@ is as cunning as fast and loose Let me see a fat l'envoy ay, that's a fat goose. @Arm.@Co@me hither, come hither. How did this argument begin@ Moth.@By saying@ that a costard was broken in a shin. Then call'd you for the l'envoy. Cost.@True, and I for a plantain thus came your argu@ment in Then t@he boy's fat l'envoy, the goose that you bought And he ended the market. Arm.@But tell me how was there a costard broken in a shin @@Mot@h.@I will tell you sensibly. Cost.@Thou hast no feeling of it, Mo@th I will speak that l'envoy I Costard, running out, that was safely within, Fell over the threshold, and broke my s@hin. Arm.@We will talk no more of this @matter. Cost.@Till t@here be more matter in the shin. Ar@m.@Sirrah Costard, I will enfranchise thee. Cost.@O, marry me to one Frances @I smell some l'envoy, some goose, in this. Arm.By my sweet soul, I mean@ setting thee at liberty, enfreedoming thy person thou wert immured, restrained, captivated, bound. Cost.@True, true and now you will be my purgation@ and let me loose. Arm.@I give thee thy liberty, set thee from durance and, in lieu thereof, impose on thee nothing but t@his bear this significant to the country maid Jaquenetta there is ################################# the best ward ofmine hono@r@ is@ rewarding my dependents. Moth, follow. Exit. Moth.@Like the sequel, I. Signior Costard, adieu. Cost.My sweet ounce of man's flesh! my ################### will I look to his remuneration. Remuneration! O, that@'s the Latin word for three farthings three farthings-remuneration.-~'What's the price of ############################################## ' why, it carries it. Remun@eration! why, it is a fairer name than French crown. I will never buy and sell out of this word. Enter ############## my good knave Costard! exceedingly well met. Cost.Pray you, sir, how much carnation ribbon may a man buy for a remunerationon Biron.What is a remuneration Cost.Marry, sir, halfpenny farthing. Bir@@on.Why, then, three-farthing@ worth of silk. Cost.@I thank your worship God be wi' you! Bir@@on.Stay, slave I must employ thee As thou wilt win my favour, good my knave, Do one thing for me that I shall entreat. Cost.@When would you have it done, sir@@ Bir@@on.This afternoon. Cost.Well, I will do it, sir fare you well. Bir@@on.Thou knowest not what it is. Cost.@I shall know, sir, when I have done it. Biron.Why, villain, thou must know first. Cost.@I will co@me to your worship to-morrow morning. Biron.It must be done this afternoon. Hark, slave, it is but this The princess co@mes to hunt here in the park, And in her train there is a gentle lady When tongues speak sweetly, then they name her name, And Rosaline they call her ask for her And to her white hand see thou do commend This seal'd-up counsel. There's thy guerdon go. ########################### O sweet g@ardon! better than remu@ner@ation, a 'leven-pence farthing better most sweet g@ardon! I will do it, sir, in print. G@ardon! ############# ############## I, forsooth, in love! I, that have been love's whip A very beadle to a humorous sigh A critic, nay, a night-watch constable A domineering pedant o'er the boy Than whom no mortal so magnificent! This wimpled, whining, purblind, wayward boy This senior-junior, giant-dwarf, Dan Cupid Regent of love-rhymes, lord of folded arms, The anointed sovereign of sighs and groans, Liege of all loiterers and malcontents, Dread prince of plackets, king of codpieces, Sole imperator@ and great general Of trotting 'paritors -O my little heart -~And I to be a corporal of his field, And wear his colours like a tumbler's hoop! What, I! I love! I sue! I seek a wife! A woman, that is like a German clock, Still a-repairing, ever out of frame, And never going aright. being a watch, But being watch'd that it may still go right@! Nay, to be perjured, which is worst of all And, among three, to love the worst of all A wightly wanton with a velvet brow, With two pitch-balls stuck in her face for eyes Ay, and, by heaven, one that will do the deed@ Though Argus were her eunuch and her guard And I to sigh for her! to watch for her! To pray for her! Go to it is a plague That Cupid will impose for my neglect Of his almighty dreadful little might. Well, I will love, write, sigh, pray, sue@ and groan Some men must love my lady@ and some ################################################## Enter the ######################################################################### that the king, that spurr'd his horse so hard Against the steep uprising of the hill @Boyet.@I know not but@ I think@ it was not he. Prin.Whoe'er a' was, a' show'd a mounting mind. Well, lords, to-day we shall have our dispatch On Saturday we will return to France. Then, forester, my friend, where is the bush@ That we must stand and play the murderer in@ For.@Here@by, upon the edge of yonder coppice A stand@ where you may make the fairest shoot. @Prin.I thank my beauty, I am fair that shoot, And thereupon thou speak'st@ the fairest shoot. For.@Pardon me, madam, for I meant not so. Prin.@What, what @@first praise me@ and again say@ no@ O short-lived pride! Not fair@@ alack for woe! For.@Yes, madam, fair. Prin.@Nay, never paint me now Where fair is not, praise cannot mend the brow. Here, good my glass, take this for telling ################# Fair payment for foul words is more than due. For.@Nothing but fair is that which you inherit. Prin.See, see, my beauty will be saved by merit! O heresy in fair, fit for these days! A giving hand, though foul, shall have fair praise. But co@me, the bow @now mercy goes to kill, And shooting well is then accounted ill. Thus will I save my credit in the shoot Not wounding, pity would not let me do't If wounding, then it was to show my skill, That more for praise@ than purpose@ meant to kill. And@ out of question@ so it is sometimes, Glory grows guilty of detested crimes, When, for fame's sake, for praise, an outward part, We bend to that the working of the heart As I@ for praise alone@ now seek to spill The poor deer's blood, that my heart means no ill. Boyet.Do not curst wives hold that self@sovereignty Only for praise@ sake, when they strive to be Lords o'er their lords @@Prin.@Only for praise and praise we may afford To any lady that subdues a ############################### co@mes a member of the commonwealth. ########### dig-you-den all! Pray you, which is the head lady@ @Prin.Thou shalt know her, fellow, by the rest that have no heads. Cost.@Which is the greatest lady, the highest@@ Prin.The thickest@ and the tallest. Cost.@The thickest and the tallest! it is so truth is truth. An your waist, mistress, were as slender as my wit, One o' these maids' girdles for your waist should be fit. Are not you the chief woman@ you are the thickest here. @Prin.What@'s your will, sir@ what's your will@@ Cost.I have a letter from Monsieur Biron@ to one Lady Rosaline. Prin.@O, thy letter, thy letter! he's a good friend of mine Stand aside, good bearer. Boyet, you can carve Break up this capon. Boyet.I am bound to serve. This letter is mistook, it importeth none here It is writ to Jaquenetta. Prin.@We will read it, I swear. Break the neck of the wax, and every one give ear. Boyet. reads 'By heaven, that t@hou art fair, is ########## that thou art beauteous truth itself, that thou art ########################## beauteous, truer than truth itself, have ###################################### and most illustrate king Cophetua set eye upon ############ indubitate ############################## rightly say, Veni, vidi, vici ############### in the vulgar, -O base and obscure ############### He came, ####################### one saw@ two overcame, t@hree. Who came@ the king why ### he c@ome to ############ to overcome to whom come he to the beggar what saw @he the baggar who overcame the beggar. The conclusion is victory on ##### ### king's.@ The captive is ###################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### dearest design ########## ADRIANO DE ARMADO.' Thus dost thou hear the Nemean lion roar 'Gainst thee, thou lamb, that standest as his prey. Submissive fall his princely feet before, And he from forage will incline to play But if thou strive, poor soul, what art thou then Food for his rage, repasture for his den. Prin.@What plume of feathers is he@ that indited this letter@ What vanene what weather@cock@ did you ever hear better@@ Boyet.I am much deceived@ but I remember the style. Prin.Else your memory is bad, going o'er it erewhile. Boyet.This Armado is a Spaniard, that keeps here in court A phantasime, a Monarcho, and one that makes sport To the prince@ and his book@mates. Prin.@Thou@ fellow, a word Who gave thee this letter@ Cost.@I told y@ou my lord. Prin.To who@m shouldst thou give it@@ Cost.@From my lord to my lady. Prin.@From which lord@ to which lady @@Cost.From my lord Biron, a good master of mine, To a lady of France@ that he call'd Rosaline. Prin.Thou hast mistaken his letter. Come, lords, away. To Ros. Here, sweet, put up this 'twill be thine another day. ###################### Boyet.Who is the suitor@ who is the suitor@ @Ro@s.@Shall I teach you to know@ Boyet.Ay, my continent of beauty. @Ros.@Why, she that bears the bow. Finely put off! Boyet.My lady goes to kill horns but, if thou marry, Hang me by the neck, if horns that year miscarry. Finely put on! Ros.@Well, then, I am the shooter. Boyet.And who is your deer@ Ros.If we choose by the horns, yourself co@me not near. Finely put on, indeed! Mar.@You still wrangle with her, Boyet, and she strikes at the brow. Boyet.But she herself is hit lower have I hit her now@ @Ros.@Shall I co@me upon thee with an old saying, that was a man when King Pepin of France was a little boy, as touching the hit itit Boyet.So I may answer thee with one as old, that was a woman when Queen Guinover of Britain was a little wench, as touching the hit it. Ros.Thou canst not hit it, hit it, hit it, Thou canst not hit it, my good man. Boyet.An I cannot, cannot, cannot, An ############################################## my troth, most pleasant@ how both did fit it! Mar.@A mark marvellous well shot, for they both did hit it. Boyet.A mark! O, mark but that mark! A mark, says my lady! Let the mark have a prick in't, to mete at, if it may be. Mar.@Wide o' the bow hand! i' faith, your hand is out. Cost.Indeed, a' must shoot nearer, or he'll ne'er hit the clout. Boyet.An if my hand be out, then@ belike your hand is in. Cost.@Then will she get the upshoot by cleaving the pin. Mar.@Co@me, co@me, you talk greasily@ your lips grow foul. Cost.@She's too hard for you at pricks, sir challenge her to bowl. Boyet.I fear too much rubbing. Good night, my good owl. @E@xeunt Boyet and Maria. Cost.@By my soul, a swain! a most simple clown! Lord, Lord, how the ladies and I have put him down! O' m@y troth, most sweet jests! most incony vulgar wit! When it comes so smoothly off, so obscenely, as it were, so fit. Arma@do o' th' one side,-O, a most dainty man! To see him walk before a lady@ and to bear her fan! To see him kiss his hand! and how most sweetly a' will swear! And his page o' t' other side, that handful of wit! Ah, heavens, it is a most pathetical ################################## Costard, running. ################### ########################################## reverend sport, truly and done in the testi@mony of a good conscience. @Hol.The deer was, as you know, ############## ripe as the pomewater, who now hangeth like a jewel in the ear of caelo, the sky, the welkin, the heaven and anon falleth like a crab@ on the face of terra, the soil, the land, the earth. Nath.@Truly, Master Holofernes, t@he epithets are sweetly varied, like a scholar at the least but, sir, I assure ye, it was a buck of the first head. @Hol.@Sir Nathaniel, haud credo. Dull.'Twas not a haud credo@ 'twas a pricket. Hol.@Most barbarous intimation! yet a kind of insinua@tion, as it were, in via, in way, of explication facere, as it were, replication, or@ rather, ostentare, to show, as it were, his inclination, after his undressed, unpolished, unedu@cated, unpruned, untrained, or rather, unlettered, or@ ra@therest, unconfirmed fashion, to insert again my haud credo for a deer. Dull.I said@ the deer was not a haud credo 'twas a pricket. Hol.Twice-sod simplicity, bis coctus! O thou monster Ignorance, how deformed dost thou look! Nath.@Sir, he hath never fed of the dainties that are bred in a book he hath not eat paper, as it were he hath not drunk ink his intellect is not replenished he is only an animal, only sensible in the duller parts And such barren plants are set before us, that we thankful should be, Which we of taste and feeling are, for those parts that do fructify in us more than he. For as it would ill become me to be vain, indiscreet, or a fool, So@ were there a patch set on learning, to see him in a school But omne bene, say I being of an old father's mind, ########## the weather that ##################### two are book-men can you tell me by your wi@t@ What was a month old at Cain's birth, that's not five weeks old as yet@ Hol.@Dictynna, good@man Dull Dictynna, good@man Dull. Dull.What is Dictynna Nath.A title to Phoebe, to Luna, to the moon. @Hol.@The moon was a month old@ when Adam was no more. And raught not to five weeks@ w@hen he came to five-score. The allusion holds in the exchange. Dull.@'Tis true@ indeed the collusion holds in the ex@change. @Hol.@God comfort thy capacity! I say, the allusion holds in the exchange. Dull.@And I say, the pollusion holds in the exchange for the moon is never but a month old and I say beside@ that, 'twas a pricket that the princess killed. Hol.Sir Nathaniel, will you hear an extemporal epitaph on the death of the deer@ And, to humo@r the ##################### I the deer the princess killed@ a pricket. ############### Master Holofernes, perge so it shall please you to abrogate scurrility. Hol.@I will something affect the letter, for it argues fa@cility. ############################### ###################### say@ a sore but not a sore, till now made sore with ########## @The dogs did yell L to ############################## sore, or else sorel the ######################################################### Of one sore I an hundred make@ by adding but one more L. Nath.A rare talent! ####### a talent be a claw, look how he claws him with a talent. Hol.This is a gift that I have, simple, simple a foolish extravagant spirit, full of forms, figures, shapes, objects, ideas, apprehensions, motions, revolutions these are begot in the ventricle of memory, nourished in the womb ###### mater, and delivered upon the mellowing of occasion. But the gift is good in those in whom it is acute, and I am thank@ful for it. Nath.@Sir, I praise the Lord for you and so may my parishioners for their sons are well tutored by you, and their daughters profit very greatly under you you are a good member of the commonwealth. ############ if their sons be ingenuous, they shall want no instruction if their daughters be capable, I will put it to them ################ loquitur a soul feminine saluteth ############################# give you good morrow, master Parson. Hol.Master Parson, quasi pers-on. An@ if one should be pierced, which is the one @@Cost.@Marry, master schoolmaster, he that is likest to a hogshead. @Hol.Piercing a hogshead! a good lustre of conceit in a tuft of earth fire enough for a flint, pearl enough for a swine 'tis pretty it is well. Jaq.@Good master Parson, be so good as read me this letter it was given me by Costard, and sent me from Don Arma@do I beseech you, read ################# quando pecus omne sub ############# so forth. Ah, good old Mantuan! I may speak of thee as the traveller doth of ############################################ ti pretia. Old Mantuan, old Mantuan! who understandeth thee not, loves thee ############## pardon, sir, what are the contents @@or@ rather, as Horace says in his-What, my soul, verses@@ @Nath.@Ay, sir, and very learned. Hol.@Let me hear a staff, a stanze, a verse lege, ################# love make me forsworn, how shall I swear to love@ Ah, never faith could hold, if not to beauty vow'd! Though to myself forsworn, to thee I'll faithful prove Those thoughts to mewere oaks, to thee like osiers bow'd. Study his bias leaves@ and makes his book thine eyes, Where all those pleasures live@ that art would comprehend If knowledge be the mark, to know thee shall suffice Well learned is that tongue@ that well can thee commend, All ignorant that soul@ t@hat sees thee without wonder Which is to me some praise@ that I thy parts admire Thy eye Jove's lightning bears, thy voice his dreadful thunder, Which, not to anger bent, is music@ and sweet fire. Celestial as thou art, O, pardon, love, this wrong, That sings heaven's praise with such an earthly tongue. @Hol.You find not the apostraphas, and so miss the ac@cent let me supervise the canzonet. Here are only numbers ratified but, for the elegancy, facility, and golden cadence of poesy, caret. Ovidius Naso was the man and why, in@deed, Naso, but for smelling out the odoriferous flowers of fancy, the jerks of invention@ Imitari@ is nothing so doth the hound his master, the ape his keeper, the tired horse his rider. But, damosella virgin, was this directed to you @Jaq.@Ay, sir, from one Monsieur Biron, one of the strange queen's lords. Hol.I will overglance the superscript ################### of the most beauteous Lady Rosaline.' I will look again on the intellect of the letter, for the nomination of the party writing to the person written unto 'Your ladyship's in all #################### Sir Nathaniel, this Biron is one of@the votaries with the king and here he hath framed a letter to a sequent of the stranger queen's, which@ accidentally, or by the way of progression, hath miscarried. Trip and go, my sweet deliver this paper into the royal hand of the king it may concern much. Stay not thy compliment I forgive thy duty adieu. Jaq.Good Costard, go with me. Sir, God save your life! Cost.@Have with thee, my girl. ################## you have done this in the fear of God, very religiously and, as a certain father saith,-~ Hol.Sir, tell not me of the father@ I do fear colo@rable colo@rs. But@ to return to the verses did they please you, Sir Nathaniel@@ @Nath.@Marvellous well for the pen. Hol.I do dine to-day at the father's of a certain pupil of mine where, if, before repast, it shall@ please you to gratify the table with a grace, I will, on my privilege I have with the parents of the foresaid child or pupil, undertake your ben venuto where I will prove those verses to be very un@learned, neither savouring of poetry, wit, nor invention I beseech your society. Nath.And thank you too for society, saith the text, is the happiness of life. @Hol.And, certes, the text most infallibly concludes ###################### invite you too you shall not say me@ nay pauca verba. Away! the gentles are at their game, and we will to our ################################################################## ################### king he is hunting the deer I am coursing myself they have pitched a toil I am toiling in a pitch,-pitch@ that defiles defile! a foul word. Well, set thee down, sorrow! for so@ they say@ the fool said, and so say I, and I the fool@ well proved, wit! By the Lord, this love is as mad as Ajax it kills sheep it kills me, I a sheep well proved again o' my side! I will not love if I do, hang me i' fa@ith, I will not. O, but her eye,-by this light, but for her eye, I would not love her yes, for her two eyes. Well, I do nothing in the world but lie, and lie in my throat. By heaven, I do love and it hath taught me to rhyme@ and to be melancholy and here is part of my rhyme, and here my melancholy. Well, she hath one o' my sonnets already the clown bore it, the fool sent it, and the lady hath it sweet clown, sweeter fool, sweetest lady! By the world, I would not care a pin, if the other three were in. Here co@mes one with a paper God give him grace to ################### the King, ################ ############### by heaven@! Proceed, sweet Cupid thou hast thumped him with thy bird-bolt under the left pap. In faith, secrets! King.@readsSo sweet a kiss the golden sun gives not To those fresh morning drops upon the rose, As thy eye-beams, ################# smote The ###### that on my ################### shines the silver moon one half ################ the transparent bosom of the ################################################ every tear that I do weep No drop but as a coach dot@h carry thee@ @So ridest ################### ####################### me, And they thy ########################################################################################################################################################### nor tongue of mortal tell. How shall she know my griefs I'll drop the paper Sweet leaves, shade folly. Who is he comes ################################## What, Longaville! and reading! listen, ear. Biron.Now, in thy likeness, one more fool@ appear! ############# I am forsworn! ######## co@mes in like a perjure, wearing ###################### love, I hope sweet fellowship in shame!@@ Biron.One drunkard loves another of the name. @@Long.@Am I the first that have been perjured ############ could put thee in comfort. Not by two@ that I know @@@@@Thou makest the triumviry, the corner-cap of society, The shape of@ Love's Tyburn that hangs up simplicity. @Long.@I fear@ these stubborn lines lack power to move. O sweet Maria, empress of my love! These numbers will I tear, and write in prose. Biron.O, rhymes are guards on wanton Cupid's hose Disfigure not his slop. Long.@This same shall go. ##### the ###################### ############################ world cannot hold argument, ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ transform'd! four woodcocks in a dish! @D@um.@O most divine Kate! Biron.O most profane coxcomb!b! Dum.@By heaven, the wonder in a mortal eye! Biron.By earth, she is not, corporal, there you lie.e. Dum.@Her amber hair@ for foul hath amber quoted. Biron.An amber-colour'd raven was well noted.oted. Dum.@As upright as the cedar. Biron.Stoop, I say Her shoulder is with child. @@Dum.@As fair as day. Biron.Ay, as some days but then no sun must shine.@@@ Dum.@O that I had my wish! Long.@And I had min@@@@@@e! ######### I mine too, good Lord@@! Biron.Amen, so I had mine is not that a good word@@@@ Dum.@I would forget her but a fever she Reigns in my blood@ and will remember'd be. Biron.A fever in your blood! why, then incision Would let her out in saucers sweet misprision@! D@um.@Once more I'll read the ode that I have writ. ######### I'll mark how love can vary wit. Dum. ################## ############# whose month is ever #################################################################################################################### heaven's breat@h. Air, quoth he, thy cheeks may blow Air, would ############# alack, my hand is sworn@ #################################################################################################################################################################################################### will I send@ and something else more plain, That shall express my true love's fasting pain. O, would the king, Biron, and Longaville, Were lovers too! Ill, to example ill, @@Would from my forehead wipe a perjured note For none offend@ where all alike do dote. Long. ############# thy love is far from charity, That in love's grief desirest society You may look pale, but I should blush, I know, To be o'er@heard@ and taken napping so. ################ @@@@@you blush as his@ your case is such You chide at him, offending twice as much You do not love Maria Longaville Did never sonnet for her sake compile, Nor never lay his wreathed arms athwart His loving bosom@ to keep down his heart. I have been closely shrouded in this bush@ And mark'd you both@ and for you both did blush@ I heard your guilty rhymes, observed your fashion, Saw sighs reek from you, noted well your passion Ay me! says one@@ Jove! the other cries One, her hairs were gold, crystal the other's ######## would for paradise break faith and troth To Dum. And Jove, for your love, would infringe an #################### will Biron say@ when that he shall hear@@ Faith so infringed, which such @@zeal did swear@ How will he scorn! how will he spend his wit! How will he triumph, leap@ and laugh at it@! For all the wealth that ever I did see, I would not have him know so much by me. Biron.Now step I forth to whip hypocrisy. Advancin@g. Ah, good my liege, I pray thee, pardon me! Good heart, what grace hast thou, thus to reprove These worms for loving, that art most in love@@ Your eyes do make no coaches in your tears There is no certain princess that appears You'll not be perjured, 'tis a hateful thing Tush, none but minstrels like of sonneting! But are you not ashamed@ nay, are you not, All three of you, to be thus much o'er@shot@ You found his mote the king your mote did see But I a beam do find in each of three. O, what a scene of foolery have I seen, Of sighs, of groans, of sorrow@ and of teen! O me, with what strict patience have I sat, To see a king transformed to a gnat! To see great Hercules whipping a gig, And profound Solomon to tune a jig, And Nestor play at push-pin with the boys, And critic Timon laugh at idle toys! Where lies thy grief, O, tell me, good Dumain@@ And, gentle Longaville, where lies thy pain@ And where my liege's@ all about the breast @A caudle, ho! King.@Too bitter is thy jest. Are we betray'd thus to thy over-view@ Biron.Not you to me, but I betray'd by you I, that am honest I, that hold it sin To break the vow I am engaged in I am betray'd, by keeping company With m@en like men@ ####################### When shall you see me write a thing in rhyme@@ Or groan for @love or spend a minute's time In pruning me@@ When shall you hear that I Will praise a hand, a foot, a face, an eye, A gait, a state, a brow, a breast, a waist, A leg, a limb King.Soft! whither away so fast@ A true man@ or a thief@ that gallops so@ Biron.I post from love good lover, let me go. ################################## bless the king! King.What present hast thou there@ Cost.@Some certain treason. King.@What makes treason here@ Cost.@Nay, it makes nothing, sir. King.If it mar nothing neither, The treason@ and you@ go in peace away together. Jaq.I beseech your grace, let this letter be read Our parson misdoubts it 'twas treason, he said. King.@Biron, read it over. Giving him the @paper. Where hadst thou it@ Jaq.Of ######## King.Where hadst thou it Cost.@Of Dun Adramadio, Dun Adramadio. King.@How now! what is in you@@ why dost thou tear it @@Biron.A toy, my liege, a toy your grace needs not fear it. Long.@It did move him to passion, and therefore let's hear it. Dum.@It is Biron's writing, and here is his ################## ######## you whoreson loggerhead@@@@@@@! you were born to do me shame. Guilty, my lord, guilty! I confess, I confess. King.@What@ Biron.That you three fools lack'd me fool to make up the mess He, he, and you, and you, my liege, and I, Are pick-purses in love, and we deserve to die. O, dismiss this audience, and I shall tell you more. D@um.@Now the number is even. Biron.True, true we are four. Will these turtles be gone King.Hence, sirs away! Cost.@Walk aside the true folk, and let the traitors stay. ############################### lords, sweet lovers, O, let us embrace! As true we are@ as flesh and blood can be The sea will ebb and flow, heaven show his face Young blood doth not obey an old decree We cannot cross the cause why we were born Therefore@ of all hands must we be forsworn. King.@What, did these rent lines show some love of thine Biron.Did they, quoth you@ Who sees the heavenly Rosaline, That, like a rude and savage man of Inde, At the first opening of the gorgeous east, Bows not his vassal head and@ strucken blind@ Kisses the base ground with obedient breast@ What peremptory eagle-sighted eye Dares look upon the heaven of her brow, That is not blinded by her majesty@@ @King.@What zeal, what fury hath inspired thee now@ My love, her mistress, is a gracious moon She@ an attending star, scarce seen a light. Biron.My eyes are then no eyes, nor I Biron O, but for my love, day would turn to night! Of all complexions the cull'd sovereignty Do meet, as at a fair, in her fair cheek, Where several worthies make one dignity, Where nothing wants@ that want itself doth seek. Lend me the flourish of all gentle tongues,-~Fie, painted rhetoric! O, she needs it not To things of sale a seller's praise belongs, She passes praise then praise too short doth blot. A wither'd hermit, five-score winters worn, Might shake off fifty, looking in her eye Beauty doth varnish age, as if new-born, And gives the crutch the cradle's infancy O, 'tis the sun that maketh all things shine. King.By heaven, thy love is black as ebony. Biron.Is ebony like her @@O wood divine! A wife of such wood were felicity. O, who can give an oath@@ where is a book @@That I may swear@ beauty doth beauty lack, If that she learn not of her eye to look No face is fair@ that is not full so black. King.@O paradox ! Black is the badge of hell, The hue of dungeons@ and the s@uit of night And beauty's crest becomes the heavens well. Biron.Devils soonest tempt, resembling spirits of light. O, if in black my lady's brows be deck'd, It mourns@ that painting@ and usurping hair@ Should ravish doters with a false aspect And therefore is she born to make black fair. Her favour turns the fashion of the days, For native blood is counted painting now And therefore red, that would avoid dispraise, Paints itself black, to imitate her brow. Dum.@To look like her@ are chimney-sweepers black. Long.@And@ since her time@ are colliers counted bright. King@.@And Ethiopes of their sweet complexion crack. Dum.@Dark needs no candles now, for dark is light. Biron.Your mistresses dare never come in rain, For fear their colours should be wash'd away. King.@'Twere good, yours did for, sir, to tell you plain, I'll find a fairer face not wash'd to-day. Biron.I'll prove her fair, or talk till doomsday here. King.No devil will fright thee then so much as she. Dum.@I never knew man hold vile stuff so dear. Long.@Look, here's thy love my foot and her face ####################### if the streets were paved with thine eyes, Her feet were much too dainty for suc@h tread! Dum.@O vile! then, as she goes, what upward lies The street should see as she walk'd over@head. King.@But what of this@@ are we not all in love @@Bir@on.Nothing so sure and thereby all forsworn. King.@Then leave this chat and, good Biron, now prove Our loving lawful, and our faith not torn. Dum.Ay, marry, there some flattery for this evil. Long.O, some authority how to proceed Some tricks, some quillets, how to cheat the devil. Dum.@Some salve for perjury. @Biron.'Tis more than need. Have at you, then, affection's men at arms. Consider@ what you first did swear unto, To fast, to study, and to see no woman Flat treason 'gainst the kingly state of youth. Say, can you fastst your stomachs are too young And abstinence engenders maladies. And where that you have vow'd to study, lords, In that each of you have forsworn his book, Can you still dream@ and pore@ and thereon lookok For when would you, my lord, or you, or you, Have found the ground of study's excellence@ Without the beauty of a woman's face@ From women's eyes this doctrine I derive They are the ground, the books, the academes@ From whence doth spring the true Promethean fire. Why, universal plodding poisons up The nimble spirits in the arteries, As motion@ and long-during action@ tires The sinewy vigo@r of the traveller. Now, for not looking on a woman's face, You have in that forsworn the use of eyes And study too, the causer of your vow For where is any author in the world@ Teaches such beauty as a woman's eyeye Learning is but an adjunct to ourself@ And where we are@ our learning likewise is@ Then@ when ourselves we see in ladies' eyes, Do we not likewise see our learning there @@O, we have made a vow to study, lords, And in that vow we have forsworn our books. For when would you, my liege, or you, or you, In leaden contemplation@ have found out Such fiery numbers@ as t@he prompting eyes Of beaut@y's tutors have enrich@'@d you with@ Other slow arts entirely keep the brain And therefore, finding barren practisers, Scarce show a harvest of their heavy toil But love, first learned in a lady's eyes, Lives not alone immured in the brain But, wit@h the motion of all elements, Courses as swift as thought in every power, And gives to every power a double power, Above their functions and their offices. It adds a precious seeing to the eye A lover's eyes will gaze an eagle blind A lover's ear will hear the lowest sound, When the suspicious head of theft is stopp'd Love's feeling is more soft@ and sensible@ Than are the tender horns of cockled snails Love's tongue proves dainty Bacchus gross in taste For valour, is not Love a Hercules, Still climbing trees in the Hesperides @@Subtle as Sphinx as sweet@ and musical@ As bright Apollo's lute, strung with his hair And@ when Love speaks, the voice of all the gods Makes heaven drowsy with the harmony. Never durst poet touch a pen to write@ Until his ink were temper'd with Love's sighs O, then his lines would ravish savage ears@ And plant in tyrants mild humility. From women's eyes this doctrine I derive They sparkle still the right Promethean fire They are the books, the arts, the academes, That show, contain@ and nouris@h all the world Else@ none at all in aught proves excellent. Then fools you were@ these women to forswear, Or@ keeping what is sworn, you will prove fools. For wisdom's sake, a word that all men love, Or for love's sake, a word that loves all men, Or for men's sake, the authors of these women, Or women's sake, by whom we men are men, Let us once lose our oaths@ to find ourselves, Or else we lose ourselves to keep our oaths, It is religion@ to be thus forsworn, For charity itself fulfils the law, And who can sever love from charity@ @King.@Saint Cupid, then! and, soldiers, to the field ! Biron.Advance your standards, and upon them, lords Pell-mell, down with them! but be first advised, In conflict that you get the sun of them. Long.@Now to plain-dealing lay these glozes by Shall we resolve to woo these girls of France King.And win them too therefore let us devise Some entertainment for them in their tents. Biron.First, from the park let us conduct them thither Then@ homeward@ every man attach the hand Of his fair mistress in the afternoon We will with some strange pastime solace them, Such as the shortness of the time can shape For revels, dances, masks@ and merry hours@ Fore@run fair Love, strewing her way with flowers. King.@Away, away! no time shall be omitted@ That will be@time, and may by us be fitted. ################ cockle reap'@d no corn And justice always whirls in equal measure Light wenches may prove plagues to men forsworn If so, our copper buys no better ######################################################################################### Hol.Satis #### ############ praise God for you, sir your reasons at dinner have been sharp and sententious pleasant without scurri@lity, witty, with~out affection, audacious without impuden@cy, learned without opinion, and strange without heresy. I did converse this quondam day with a companion of the king's, who is intituled, nominated@ or called, Don Adriano de ################################## humo@r is lofty, his discourse peremptory, his tongue filed, his eye ambitious, his gait majestical, and his general behavio@r vain, ridi@culous, and thrasonical. He is too picked, too spruce, too affected, too odd, as it were, too peregrinate, as I may call it. @Nath.@A most singular and choice epithet. Draws ################### draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument. I abhor such fanatical phantasimes, such insociable and point-devise companions such rackers of orthography, as to speak@ dout, fine, when he should say@ doubt det, when he should pronounce@ debt,-d, e, b, t, not d, e,@ t he clepeth a calf, cauf half, hauf neighbo@r vocatur nebour neigh@ abbreviated@ ne. This is abhominable,@-which he would call abbominable@ it insi@nuateth me of insanie ############# make frantic, ##################################################################################################################################################### #################################### not sirrah @@Arm.@Men of peace, well encounter@ed. Hol.@Most military sir, salutation. ########## have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.@@@ ####################### they have lived long on the alms~basket of words. I marvel@ thy master hath not eaten thee for a word for thou art not so long by the head as ################ art easier swallowed than a flap~drago@n. Moth.@Peace! the peal begins. Arm.To ############## are you not lettered@ Moth.@Yes, yes he teaches boys the horn@book. What is a, b, spelt backward, with the horn on his head@@ #################### a horn added. Moth.@Ba, most silly sheep@ with a horn. You hear his learning. @Hol.Quis, quis, thou consonant Moth.@The third of the five vowels, if you repeat them or the ################# will repeat them,-a, e, ### Moth.@The sheep the other two concludes it,-o, u. Arm.@Now, by the salt wave of the Mediterraneum, a sweet touch, a quick venue of wit! snip, snap, quick and home! it rejoiceth my intellect true wit! Moth.@Offered by a child to an old man which is wit-old. Hol.@What is the figure@ what is the figure@ Moth.@Horns. Hol.@Thou disputest like an infant go, whip thy gig. Moth.@Lend me your horn to make one, and I will whip about your ################# of a cuckold's @horn. Cost.@An I had but one penny in the world,@thou should@st have it to buy ginger@bread hold, there is the very remu@neration I had of thy master, thou halfpenny purse of wit, thou pigeon-egg of discretion. O, an the heavens were so pleased@ that thou wert but my bastard, what a joyful father would@st thou make me! Go to thou hast it ad dunghill, at the fingers' ends, as they say. @Hol.@O, I smell false Latin dunghill for unguem. ######################## will be singuled from the barbarous. Do you not educate youth at the charge-house on the top of the mountainin Hol.@Or@ mons, the hill. Arm.@At your sweet pleasure, for the mountain. Hol.I do, sans question. Arm.@Sir, it is the king's most sweet pleasure and affec@tion@ to congratulate the princess at her pavilion@ in the posteriors of this day, which the rude multitude call@ the afternoon. Hol.@The posterior of the day, most generous sir, is liable, congruent@ and measurable for the afternoon the word is well culled, chose, sweet and apt, I do assure you, sir, I do assure. Arm.@Sir, the king is a noble gentleman, and my fami@liar, I do assure y@e, very good friend @for what is in@ward between us, let it pass. I do beseech t@hee, remember thy courtesy @I beseech thee, apparel thy head @and among other importan@t@ and most serious designs, and of great import indeed, too, but let that pass for I must tell thee, it will please his grace, by the world, sometime to lean upon my poor shoulder, and with his royal finger, thus, dally with my excrement, with my mustachio but, sweet heart, let t@hat pass. By the world, I recount no fable some certain special hono@rs it pleaseth his greatness to im@part to Armado, a soldier, a man of travel, that hath seen the world but let that pass. The very all of all is,-but, sweet heart, I do implore secrecy,-that the king would have me present the princess, sweet chuck, with some de@lightful ostentation, or show, or pageant, or antique, or fire@work. Now, understanding that the curate@ and your sweet self@ are good at such eruptions@ and sudden breaking out of mirth, as it were, I have acquainted you withal, to the end to crave your assistance. Hol.@Sir, you shall present before her the Nine Worthies. ################## concerning some entertainment of time, some show in the posterior of this day, to be rendered by our assistants, at the king's command, and this most gallant, illustrate, and learned gentleman, @before the princess I say@ none so fit as to present the Nine Worthies. Nath.Where will you find men worthy enough to pr@esent them Hol.Joshua, yourself myself and this gallant gentleman, Judas Maccabaeus this swain, because of his great limb or joint, shall pass Pompey the Great the page, Hercules,-~ Arm.Pardon, sir@ error he is not quantity enough for that Worthy's thumb he is not so big as the end of his club. Hol.@Shall I have audience @@he shall present Hercules in minority his enter and exit shall be strangling a snake and I will have an apology for that purpose. @Moth.An excellent device! so, if any of the audience hi@ss, you may ############### ################# that is the way to make an offence gracious, though few have the grace to do it. Arm.@For the rest of the ############ Hol.I will play three myself. Moth.@Thrice-worthy gentleman! Arm.@Shall I tell you a thing @Hol.@We attend. @Arm.@We will have, if this fadge not, an antique. I be@seech you, follow. Hol.@Via, goodman Dull! thou hast spoken no word all this while. Dull.@Nor understood none neither, ############# will employ thee. Dull.I'll make one in a dance, or so or I will play On the tabor to the Worthies, and let them dance the hay. Hol.@Most dull, honest Dull! To our sport@ ######################################################################################################################### Prin.Sweet hearts, we shall be rich ere we depart, If fairings co@me thus plentifully in A lady wall'd about witth diamonds! Look you@ what I have from the loving king. @Ros.@Madame, came nothing else along with that @@Prin.Nothing but this! yes, as much love in rhyme@ As would be cramm'd up in a sheet of paper, Writ o' both sides the leaf, margent and all, That he was fain to seal on Cupid's name. Ros.@That was the way to make his godhead wax, For he hath been five thousand years a boy, Kath.@Ay, and a shrewd unhappy gallows too. Ros.@You'll ne'er be friends with him a' kill'd your sister. Kath.He made her melancholy, sad, and heavy And so she died had she been light, like you, Of such a merry, nimble, stirring spirit, She might ha@' been a grandam ere she died And so may you for a light heart lives long. Ros.@What's your dark meaning, mouse, of this light word Kath.A light condition in a beauty dark. @Ros.@We need more light to find your meaning out. Kath.You'll mar the light@ by taking it in snuff Therefore@ I'll darkly end the argument. @Ros.@Look, what you do, you do it still i' the dark. Kath.So do not you, for you are a light wench. Ros.@Indeed@ I weigh not you, and therefore light. Kath.You weigh me not@@ O, that's you care not for me. Ros.@Great reason for 'past cure is still past care.' Prin.@Well bandied both a set of wit well play'd. But, Rosaline, you have a favo@r too Who sent it@ and what is it ######## ###### you knew An if my face were but as fair as yours, My favour were as great be witness this. Nay, I have verses too, I thank Biron The numbers true and, were the numbering too, I were the fairest goddess on the ground I am compared to twenty thousand fairs, O, he hath drawn my picture in his letter! Prin.Any thinglike@ Ros.Much@ in the letters nothing@ in the praise. Prin.Beauteous as ink a good conclusion. Kath.Fair as a text B in a copy-book. Ros.@'Ware pencils, ho@! let me not die your debtor, My red dominical, my golden letter @O that your face were not so full of O's@! Kath.@A pox of that jest! and I beshrew all ####################### was sent to you from fair Dumain @Kath.@Madam, this glove. @Prin.Did he not send you twain Kath.Yes, madam, and moreover@ Some thousand verses of a faithful lover, A huge translation of hypocrisy, Vilely compiled, profound simplicity. Mar.@This@ and these pearls@ to me sent Longa@ville The letter is too long by half a mile. Prin.@I think no less. Dost thou not wish in heart@ The chain were longer@ and the letter short@@ Mar.@Ay, or I would these hands might never part. Prin.We are wise girls@ to mock our lovers so. Ros.@They are worse fools@ to purc@hase mocking so. That same Biron I'll torture ere I go@ O that I knew he were but in by the week! How I would make him fawn@ and beg@ and seek And wait the season@ and observe the times@ And spend his prodigal wits in bootless rhymes And shape his service wholly to my @@hests@ And make hi@m proud to make me proud that jests! So perttaunt-like would I o'ersway his state@ That he should be my fool@ and I his fate. Prin.@None are so surely caught, when they are catch'd, As wit turn'd fool folly, in wisdom hatch'd. Hath wisdom's warrant@ and the help of school And wit's own grace to grace a learned fool. Ros.The blood of youth burns not with such exce@ss As gravity's revolt to wantonness. Mar.@Folly in fools bears not so strong a note@ As foolery in the wise, when wit doth dote Since all the power thereof it doth apply@ To prove, by wit, worth in simplicity. ##################### comes Boyet, and mirth is in his ############# I am stabb'd with laughter! Where's her grace@ Prin.@Thy news, Boyet@@ Boyet.Prepare, madam, prepare! Arm, wenches, arm! encounters mounted are Against your peace Love doth approach disguised, Armed in arguments you'll be surprised Muster your wits stand in your own defence Or hide your heads like cowards, and fly hence. Prin.@Saint De@nis to Saint Cupid! What are they@ That charge their breath against us @@say, scout, say. Boyet.Under the cool shade of a sycamore@ I thought to close mine eyes some half an hour When, lo! to interrupt my purposed rest, Toward that shade I might behold addrest The king and his companions warily I stole into a neighbour thicket by, And overheard what you shall overhear, That, by and by, disguised they will be here. Their herald is a pretty knavish page, That well by heart hath conn'd his embassage Action@ and accent@ did they teach him there 'Thus ##################### bear And ever and anon they made a doubt@ Presence majestical would put him out 'For,' quoth the king, 'an angel shalt thou see Yet fear not thou, but speak ########### boy ################## evil I ###### ###### had she been a devil.' With that, all laug@h'd@ and clapp'd him on the shoulder, Making the bold wag by their praises bolder@ One rubb'd his elbow thus, and fleer'd@ and swore@ A better speech was never spoke before Another, wit@h his finger and his thumb, ######### will do't, ############### The third he caper'd, and ############### @fourth turn'd on the toe, and down @he fell. Wit@h that, they all did tumble on the ground, With such a zealous laughter, so profound, That in this spleen ridiculous appears, To check their folly, passion's solemn tears. Prin.But what, but what, come they to visit us @@Boyet.They do, they do and are apparell'd thus, Like Muscovites@ or Russians, as I guess. Their purpose is@ to parle, to court@ and dance And every one his love-feat will advance Unto his several mistress, which they'll know By favo@rs several@ which they did bestow. Prin.And will they so@ the gallants shall be task'd @For, ladies, we will every one be mask'd And not a man of them shall have the grace, Despite of suit, to see a lady's face. Hold, Rosaline, this favour thou shalt wear, And then the king will court thee for his dear Hold, take thou this, my sweet, and give me thine, So shall Biron take me for Rosaline. And change you favo@rs too so shall your loves Woo contrary, deceived by these removes. @Ros.Co@me on, then wear the favours most in sight. @Kat@h.@But@ in this changing@ what is your intent @@Prin.@The effect of my intent is@ to cross theirs They do it but in mocking merriment And mock for mock is only my intent. Their several counsels they unbosom shall To loves mistook, and so be mock'd withal@ Upon the next occasion that we meet, With visages display'd, to talk@ and greet. Ros.But shall we dance, if they desire us to't@ Prin.No, to the death, we will not move a foot Nor to their penn'd speech render we no grace, But@ while 'tis spoke@ each turn away @her face. Boyet.Why, that contempt will kill the speaker's heart, And quite divorce his memory from his part. @Prin.Therefore I do it and@ I make no doubt@ The rest will ne'er come in, if he be out@ There's no such sport@ as sport by sport o'erthrown, To make theirs ours@ and ours none but our own So shall we stay, mocking intended game, And they, well mock'd, depart away with shame. Trumpets ##### wit@hin. Boyet.The trumpet sounds be mask'd@ the maskers come. The Ladies mask. ################################################################################################################################################################# no richer than rich taffeta. Moth.@A holy #################### The Ladies turn their backs to him. That ever turn'd their-backs-to mortal ################ villain, their ################ ever turn'd their mortal ########## out@ indeed. ################################################### ######### to behold, rogue. ########################################################################## will not answer to that epithet You were best call it 'daughter-beamed eyes.' Moth.@They do not mark me, and that brings me out. Biron.Is this your perfectne@ss be gone, you ################ would these strangers@@ know their minds, Boyet If they do speak our language, 'tis our will That some plain man recount their purposes Know what they would. Boyet.What would you with the prince@s@s Biron.Nothing but peace@ and gentle visitation. @Ros.What would they, say they @@Boyet.Nothing but peace@ and gentle visitation. Ros.Why, that they have and bid them so be gone. Boyet.She says, you have it, and you may be gone. King.Say to her, we have measured many miles@ To tread a measure with her on this grass. Boyet.They say, that they have measured many a mile@ To tread a measure with you on this grass. Ros.@It is not so. Ask them@ how many inches Is in one mile if they have measured many, The measure then of one is easily told. Boyet.If@ to come hither you have measured miles, And many miles, the princess bids you tell How many inches doth fill up one mile. Biron.Tell her, we measure them by weary steps. Boyet.She hears herself. Ros.@How many weary steps, Of many weary miles you have o'ergone, Are number'd in the travel of one mile Biron.We number nothing that we spend for you Our duty is so rich, so infinite, That we may do it still without accompt. Vouchsafe to show the sunshine of your face, That we, like savages, may worship it. @Ros.My face is but a moon, and clouded too. King.Blessed are clouds, t@@o do as such clouds do! Vouchsafe, bright moon, and these thy stars, to shine, Those clouds removed, upon our watery eyne. @Ros.O vain petitioner! beg a greater matter Thou now request'st but moonshine in the water. King.Then, in our measure do but vouchsafe one change. Thou bid'st me beg this begging is not strange. Ros.Play, music, then! Nay, you must do it soon. Music plays. Not yet! no dance! Thus change I like the moon. King.Will you not dance @@How come you thus estranged@@ Ros.@You took the moon at full, but now she's changed. King.Yet still she is the moon, and I the man. The music plays vouchsafe some motion to it. @Ros.Our ears vouchsafe it. King.But your legs should do it. Ros.Since you are strangers@ and co@me here by chance, We'll not be nice take hands. We will not dance. King@.@Why take we hands, then @@@Ros.@Only to part friends C@urt@sy, sweet hearts and so the measure ends. King.More measure of this measure be not nice. Ros.We can afford no more at such a price. King.Prize you yourselves what buys your company@ Ros.Your absence only. @King.@That can never be. Ros.Then cannot we be bought and so, adieu Twice to your visor, and half once to you. Ki@ng.@If you deny to dance, let's hold more chat. @Ros.@In private, then. King.I am best pleased with that. They ######## apart. Biron.White-handed mistress, one sweet word with thee. Prin.@Honey, and milk, and sugar there is three. Biron.Nay then, two treys, and if you grow so nice, Metheglin, wort, and malmsey @well run, dice! There's half a dozen sweets. @Prin.@Seven@th sweet, adieu@ Since you can cog, I'll play no more with you. Biron.One word in secret. Prin.@Let it not be sweet. Biron.Thou grievest my gall. Prin.@Gall! bitter. Biron.Therefore meet. They converse ################ you vouchsafe with me to change a word@@ @Mar.@Name it. Dum.Fair lady,-~ Mar.@Say you so @@Fair lord,-~Take that for your fair lady. Dum.Please it you, As much in private, and I'll bid adieu. Kath.What, was your vizard made without a tongue@ Long.@I know the reason, lady, why you ask. Kath.O for your reason! quickly, sir I long. Long.@You have a double tongue within your mask, And would afford my speechless vizard half. Kath.Veal, quoth the Dutchman. Is not 'veal' a calf @@Long.@A calf, fair lady! Kath.No, a fair lord calf. Long.Let's part the word. @Kath.@No, I'll not be your half Take all, and wean it it may prove an ox. Long.Look, how you butt yourself in these sharp mocks@! Will you give horns, chaste lady@ do not so. Kath.Then die a calf, before your horns do ############################# word in private with you, ere I die. Kath.Bleat softly then@ the butcher hears you cry. They converse ######### tongues of mocking wenches are as keen As is the razor's edge invisible. Cutting a smaller hair than may be seen, Above the sense of sen@se so sensible Seemeth their conference their conceits have wings@ Fleeter than arrows, bullets, wind, thought, swifter things. @Ros.@Not one word more, my maids break off, break off. Biron.By heaven, all dry-beaten with pure scoff! King.@Farewell, mad wenches You have simple wits. Prin.Twenty adieus, my frozen ################################################### Are these the breed of wits so wonder'd at @Boyet.@Tapers they are, with your sweet breaths puff'd out. Ros.Well-liking wits they have gross, gross fat, fat. @Prin.@O poverty in wit, kingly-poor flout! Will they not, think you, hang themselves to@night@@ Or ever, but in vizards, show their faces@ This pert Biron was out of countenance quite. Ros.@O, they were all in lamentable cases! The king was weeping-ripe for a good word. Prin.@Biron did swear himself out of all suit. Mar.@Dumain was at my service, and his sword No point, quoth I my servant straight was mute. Kath.Lord Longaville said, I came o'er his heart And trow you@ what he call'd mePrin.Qualm, perhaps. Kath.Yes, in good faith. @Prin.Go, sickness as thou art! Ros.Well, better wits have worn plain statute-caps. But will you hear@ the king is my love sworn. Prin.@And quick Biron hath plighted faith to me. Kath.And Longaville was for my service born. Mar.Dumain is mine, as sure as bark on tree. Boyet.Madam, and pretty mistresses, give ear Immediately they will again be here In their own shapes for it can never be@ They will digest this harsh indignity. Prin.@Will they return @@Boyet.They will, they will, God knows, And leap for joy, though they are lame with blows Therefore@ change favo@rs and, when they repair, Blow like sweet roses in this summer air. Prin.@How blow@ how blow@ speak to be understood. Boyet.Fair ladies@ mask'd@ are roses in their bud Dismask'd, their damask sweet commixture shown, Are angels vailing clouds, or roses blown. Prin.@Avaunt, perplexity! What shall we do, If they return in their own shapes to woo @Ros.@Good madam, if by me you'll be advised, Let's mock them still, as well known@ as disguised Let us complain to them what fools were here, Disguised like Muscovites, in shapeless gear And wonder@ what they were and to what end Their shallow shows@ and prologue vilely penn'd@ And their rough carriage so ridiculous, Should be presented at our tent to us. Boyet.Ladies, withdraw the gallants are at hand. Prin.Whip to our tents, as roes run o'er land. ############################################################################################## the prince@s@s Boyet.Gone to @her tent. Please it your majesty@ Command me any service to her thitherg.That she vouchsafe me audience for one word. Boyet.I will and so will she, I know, my lord. ######## fellow pecks up wit@ as pigeons pease, And utters it again when God doth please He is wit's pedler, and retails his wares At wakes@ and wassails, meetings, markets, fair@s And we that sell by gross, the Lord doth know, Have not the grace to grace it with such show. This gallant pins the wenches on his sleeve Had he been Adam, he had tempted Eve A' can carve too, and lisp why, this is he@ That kiss'd his hand away in courtesy This is the ape of form, monsieur the nice, That, when he plays at tables, chides the dice In honourable terms nay, he can sing A mean most meanly and@ in ushering@ Mend him who can the ladies call him@ sweet The stairs, as he treads on them, kiss his feet This is the flower that smiles on every one, To show his teeth as white as whale's bone And consciences, that will not die in debt, Pay him the due of honey-tongued Boyet. King@.@A blister on his sweet tongue, with my heart, That put Armado's page out of his part! ################################################################################## where it co@mes! Behaviour, what wert thou@ Till this madman show'd thee@ and what art thou ######################################### of day! Prin.'Fair' in 'all hail' is foul, as I conceive. King.Construe my speeches better, if you may. Prin.@Then wish me better@ I will give you leave. King.We came to visit you, and purpose now To lead you to our court vouchsafe it then. Prin.@This field shall hold me and so hold your vow Nor God, nor I, delights in perjured men. King.Rebuke me not for that which you provoke The virtue of your eye must break my oath. Prin.You nick@na@me virtue vice you should have spoke For virtue's office never breaks men's troth. Now@ by my maiden honour, yet as pure As the unsullied lily, I protest, A world of torments though I should endure, I would not yield to be your house's guest So much I hate a breaking cause to be Of heavenly oaths, vow'd with integrity. King.O, you have lived in desolation here, Unseen, unvisited, much to our shame. Prin.@Not so, my lord it is not so, I swear We have had pastimes here@ and pleasant game A mess of Russians left us but of late. King.How, madam! ################# in truth, my lord Trim gallants, full of courtship@ and of state. Ros.@Madam, speak true. It is not so, my lord My lady, to the manner of the days, In courtesy@ gives undeserving praise. We four@ indeed@ confronted were with four In Russian habit here they stay'd an hour, And talk'd apace and in that hour, my lord. They did not bless us with one happy word. I dare not call them fools but this I think, W@hen they are thirsty, fools would fain have drink. Biron.This jest is dry to me. Fair gentle sweet, Your wit makes wise things foolish when we greet, With eyes best seeing, heaven's fiery eye, By light we lose light your capacity Is of that nature@ that to your huge store Wise things seem foolish@ and rich things but poor. @Ros.@This proves you wise and rich, for in my eye,-~ Biron.I a@m a fool, and full of poverty. Ros.@But that you take what doth to you belong, It were a fault to snatch words from my tongue. Biron.O, I am yours, and all that I possess! Ros.@All the fool mine@@ Biron.I cannot give you less. Ros.@Which of the vizards was it@ that you wore Biron.Where@ when@ what vizard why demand you this @Ros.@There, then, that vizard that superfluous case@ That hid the worse@ and show'd the better face. King.We are descried they'll mock us now downright. Dum.Let us confe@ss and turn it to a jest. @Prin.Amazed, my lord@ why looks your highness sad@ Ros.Help, hold his brows! he'll swoon! Why look you pale @@Sea-sick, I think, coming from Muscovy. Biron.Thus pour the stars down plagues for perjury. Can any face of brass hold longer out@ Here stand I@ lady, dart thy skill at me Bruise me with scorn, confound me with a flout Thrust thy sharp wit quite through my ignorance Cut me to pieces with thy keen conceit And I will wish thee never more to dance, Nor never more in Russian habit wait. O, never will I trust to speeches penn'd, Nor to the motion of a school@boy's tongue, Nor never co@me in vizard to my friend, Nor woo in rhyme, like a blind harper's song! Taffeta phrases, silken terms precise, Three-piled hyperboles, spruce affectation, Figures pedantical these summer-flies Have blown me full of maggot ostentation I do forswear them and I here protest, By this white glove,-how white the hand, God knows!-~Henceforth my wooing mind shall be express'd In russet yeas@ and honest kersey noes And, to begin, wench,-so God help me, la!-~My love to thee is sound, sans crack or flaw. @Ros.@Sans sans, I pray you. Biron.Yet I have a trick Of the old rage @bear with me, I am sick I'll leave it by degrees. Soft, let us see @Write, 'Lord have mercy on us' on those three They are infected@ in their hearts it lies They have the plague, and caught it of your eyes These lords are visited you are not free, For the Lord's tokens on you do I see. Prin.@No, they are fre@e that gave these tokens to us. Biron.Our states are forfeit@ seek not to undo us. @Ros.@It is not so for how can this be true, That you stand forfeit, being those that sue Biron.Peace! for I will not have to do with you. @Ros.@Nor shall not, if I do as I intend. Biron.Speak for yourselves@ my wit is at an end. King.@Teach us, sweet madam, for our rude trans@gression Some fair excuse. @Prin.The fairest is confession. Were not you here@ but even now@ disguised @King.@Madam, I was. Prin.@And were you well ################ was, fair madam. Prin.@When you then were @here, What did you whisper in your lady's ear King.That more than all the world I did respect her. Prin.@When she shall challenge this, you will reject her. King.Upon mine honour, no. Prin.@Peace, peace! forbear Your oath once broke, you force not to forswear. King.@Despise me, when I break this oath of mine. Prin.@I will and therefore keep it. Rosaline, What did the Russian whisper in your ear@@ Ros.@Madam, he swore@ that he did hold me dear As precious eye@sight, and did value me Above this world adding thereto@ moreover@ That he would wed me, or else die my lover. Prin.@God give thee joy of him! the noble lord Most hono@rably doth unhold his word. King.What mean you, madam@@ by my life, my troth, I never swore this lady such an oath. Ros.By heaven, you did and to confirm it plain, You gave me this but take it, sir, again. King.My faith@ and this@ the princess I did give I knew her by this jewel on her sleeve. Prin.@Pardon me, sir, this jewel did she wear And Lord Biron, I thank him, is my dear. What, will you have me, or your pearl again@ Biron.Neither of either I remit both twain. I see the trick on't here was a consent@ Knowing aforehand of our merriment, To dash it like a Christmas comedy Some carry-tale, some please-man, some slight zany, Some mumble-news, some trencher-knight, some Dick, That smiles his cheek in years and knows the trick To make my lady laugh@ when she's disposed, Told our intents before which once disclosed, The ladies did change favours and then we, Following the signs, woo'd but the sign of she. Now, to our perjury to add more terror, We are again forsworn, in will@ and error. Much upon this it is @and might not you To Boyet. Forestall our sport, to make us thus untrue @@Do not you know my lady's foot by the squier, And laugh upon the apple of her eye @@And stand between her back, sir, and the fire, Holding a trencher, jesting merrily@ You put our page out go, you are allow'd Die when you will, a smock shall be your shroud. You leer upon me, do you@ there's an eye@ Wounds like a leaden sword. Boyet.Full merrily Hath this brave manage, this career, been run. Biron.Lo, he is tilting straight! Peace! I have done. Enter COSTARD. Welcome, pure wit! thou partest a fair fray. Cost.@O Lord, sir, they would know@ Whether the three Worthies shall come in@ or no. Biron.What, are there but threeee Cost.@No, sir but it is vara fine, For every one pursents three. Biron.And three times thrice is nine. Cost.@Not so, sir under correction, sir I hope@ it is not so. You cannot beg us, sir, I can assure you, sir we know what we know I hope, sir, three times thrice, sir,-~ Biron.Is not nine. Cost.@Under correction, sir, we know whereuntil it doth amount. Biron.By Jove, I always took three t@imes for nine. Cost.@O Lord, sir, it were pity you should get your liv@ing by reckoning, sir. Biron.How much is it @@Cost.@O Lord, sir, the parties themselves, the actors, sir, will show whereuntil it doth amount for mine own part, I am, as they say, but to parfect one man@@@ in one poor man, Pompion the Great, sir. Biron.Art thou one of the Worthies@@ Cost.It pleased them@ to think me worthy of Pompion the Great for mine own part, I know not the degree of the Worthy, but I am to stand for him. Biron.Go@ bid them prepare. Cost.@We will turn it finely off, sir we will take some care. ######################### they will shame us@ let them not approach. Biron.We are shame-proof, my lord and 'tis some po@licy To have one show worse than the king's and his company. King.I say@ they shall not come. Prin.@Nay, my good lord, let me o'er@rule you now That sport best pleases@ that doth least know how Where zeal strives to content, and the contents Dies in the zeal of that which it presents@ Their form confounded makes most form in mirth, When great things labo@ring perish in their birth. Biron.A right description of our sport, my lord. Enter ################# I implore so much expense of thy royal sweet breath as will utter a brace of words. @@@@@Converset wiih the King, and delivers him a ############ this man serve God @@Biron.Why ask you@ Prin.@He speaks not like a man of God's making. Arm.@That is all one, my fair, sweet, honey monarch for, I protest, the school@master is exceeding fantastical too@ too vain, too@ too vain but we will put it, as they say, to fortuna de la guerra. I wish you the peace of mind, most royal couplement! ######################### is like to be a good presence of Worthies. He presents Hector of Troy the swain, Pompey the Great the parish curate, Alexander Armado's page, Hercules the pedant, Judas Maccabaeus@ And if these four Worthies in their first show thrive, These four will change habits, and present the other five. Biron.There is five in the first show. King.@You are deceived@ 'tis not so. Biron.The pedant, the braggart, the hedge@priest, the fool@ and the boy -~Abate @@throw at novum, and the whole wor@ld again Cannot p@ick out five such, take each one in his vein. King.@The ship is under sail, and here she co@mes ###################################################################################################### ############### lie, you are not he. Cost.@I Pompey ######### libbard's head on knee. Biron.Well said, old mocker I must needs be friends with thee. Cost.@I Pompey am, Pompey surnamed the Big,-~ Dum.@The Great. Cost.@It is, 'Great,' ### -~Pompey surnamed the Great That ############### targe and shield, did ############# travelling along this coast, I here am come by chance, And lay my arms before the legs of ############## If your ladyship would say, ########## I had done. Prin.@Great thanks, great Pompey. Cost.@'Tis not so much worth but@ I hope@ I was per@fect I made a little fault in 'Great.' Biron.My hat to a halfpenny, Pompey proves the best Worthy. ##################### Alexander. Nath.When in the world I lived, ############################ By east, west, north, and ###################### might My scutcheon plain declares@ that I am Alisander,-~ Boyet.Your nose says, no, you are not for it stands too right. Biron.Your nose smells 'no' in this, most tender-smelling knight. Prin.T@he conqueror is dismay'd. Proceed. good Alexander. Nath.When in the ################# com@mander,-~ Boyet.Most true, 'tis right you were so, Alisander. Biron.Pompey the Great,-~ Cost.@Your servant, and Costard. Biron.Take away the conqueror, take away Alisander. ####################### you have overthrown Alisander the conqueror! You will be scraped out of the painted cloth for this your lion, that holds his poll-axe sitting on a close-stool, will be given to A@jax he will be the ninth Worthy. A conqueror, and afeard to speak! run away for shame, #################### an't shallplease you a foolish mild man an honest man, look you, and soon dashed. He is a marvellous good neighbo@r, @@faith, and a very good bowler but, for Alisander,-alas, you see@ how 'tis,-a little o'er@parted. But there are Worthies a-com@ing will speak their mind in some other sort. @Prin.Stand aside, good Pompey. ######################################## Hercules. Hol.@Great Hercules is presented by ############# club kill'd Cerberus, ############### And@ when he was a babe, a child, a shrimp, Thus did he strangle serpents in his manus. Quoniam he seemeth in minority, ################ apology. Keep some state in thy exit, and vanish. ####################### Judas! Hol.@Not Iscariot, sir. Judas I am, ############################## Maccabaeus clipt@ is plain Judas. Biron.A kissing traitor. How art thou proved Judas@ ############# Dum.@The more @shame for you, Judas. Hol.@What mean you, sir@ Boyet.To make Judas hang himself. Hol.@Begin, sir you are my elder. Biron.Well followed Judas was hanged on an elder. Hol.@I will not be put out of countenance. Biron.Because thou hast no face. Hol.What is this@@ Boyet.A cittern-head. Dum.@The head of a bodkin. Biron.A Death's face in a ring. Long.@The face of an old Roman coin, scarce seen. Boyet.The pommel of Caesar's falchion. Dum.@The carved-bone face on a flask. Biron.Saint George's half-cheek in a brooch. Dum.@Ay, and in a brooch of lead. Biron.Ay, and worn in the cap of a tooth-drawer. And now@ forward for we have put thee in countenance. Hol.@You have put me out of countenance. Biron.False we have given thee faces. Hol.@But you have out-faced them all. Biron.An thou wert a lion, we would do so. Boyet.Therefore, as he is@ an ass, let him go. And so adieu, sweet Jude! nay, why dost thou stay@ Dum.@For the latter end of his name. Biron.For the ass to the Jude give it him -Jud-as, away! Hol.@This is not generous, not gentle, not humble. Boyet.A light for Monsieur Judas! it grows dark, he may stumble. Hol@@@@@@. ########## @Prin.Alas, poor Maccabaeus, how hath he been baited! Enter ################# Hector. Biron.Hide thy head, Achilles here comes Hector in arms. Dum.@Though my mocks co@me home by me, I will now be merry. King.@Hector was but a Troyan in respect of this. Boyet.But is this Hector @King.@I think@ Hector was not so clean-timbered. Long.@His leg is too big for Hector's. Dum.@More calf, certain. Boyet.No he is best indued in the small. Biron.This cannot be Hector. Dum.@He's a god or a painter for he makes faces. ############################## the almighty, Gave Hector a ####### gilt nutmeg. Biron.A lemon. Long.Stuck with cloves. Dum.@No, cloven. ################ armipotent ###### ######### al@mighty, Gave Hector ######### Ilion A ########### ################## morn till night, out of ########################## mint. Long.That columbine. Arm.@Sweet Lord Longaville, rein thy tongue. Long.I must rather give it the rein, for it runs against Hector. Dum.@Ay, and Hector's a greyhound. Arm.@The sweet war-man is dead and rotten sweet chucks, beat not the bones of the buried when he breathed, he was a man. But I will forward with my device. ################################### on me the sense of ############################################ brave Hector we are much delight@ed. Arm.@I do adore thy sweet grace's slipper. ########## her by the foot. ####### may not by the yard. Arm.@This ##### far surmounted Hannibal,-~ Cost.@The party is gone, fellow Hector, she is gone she is two months on her way. @Arm.@What meanest thou@ Cost.@@Faith, unless you play the honest Troyan, the poor wench is cast away she's quick the child brags in @her belly already 'tis yours. Arm.@Dost thou infamonize me among potentates @@thou shalt die. Cost.@Then shall Hector be whipped@ for Jaquenetta that is quick by him and hanged@ for Pompey that is dead by him. Dum.@Most rare Pompey! Boyet.Renowned Pompey! Biron.Greater than great, great, great, great@ Pompey! Pompey the Huge! Dum.@Hector trembles. Biron.Pompey is moved. More Ates,@more Ates! stir them on! stir them on! Dum.@Hector will challenge him. Biron.Ay, if a' have no more man's blood in 's belly than will sup a flea. Arm.@By the north pole, I do challenge thee. Cost.I will not fight with a pole, like a northern man I'll slash I'll do it by the sword. I bepray you, let me borrow my arms again. Dum.@Room for the incensed Worthies! Cost.@I'll do it in my shirt. D@um.@Most resolute Pompey! Moth.@Master, let me take you a button@hole lower. Do you not see@ Pompey is uncasing for the combat@ What mean you @@You will lose your reputation. Arm.Gentlemen@ and soldiers, pardon me I will not combat in my shirt. Dum.@You may not deny it Pompey hath made the challenge. Arm.Sweet bloods, I both may and will. Biron.What reason have you for't Arm.The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt I go woolward for penance. Boyet.True, and it was enjoined him in Rome for want of linen since when, I'll be sworn, he wore none@ but a dish@clout ofJaquenetta's, and that a' wears next his heart for a fav@ur. Enter MERCADE. Mer.@God save you, madam! Prin.@Welcome, Mercade But that thou interrupt'st our merriment. Mer.@I am sorry, madam for the news I bring@ Is heavy in my tongue. The king your father-~ Prin.Dead, for my life! Mer.@Even so my tale is told. Biron.Worthies, away! the scene begins to cloud. Arm.@For mine own part, I breathe free breath. I have seen the day of wrong through the little hole of discretion, and I will right myself like a soldier. Exeunt Worthies. King.How fares your majesty @@Prin.@Boyet, prepare I will away to@night. King.Madam, not so I do beseech you, stay. Prin.@Prepare, I say. I thank you, gracious lords, For all your fair endeavours and entreat, Out of a new-sad soul, that you vouchsafe In your rich wisdom@ to excuse@ or hide@ The liberal opposition of our spirits, If over-boldly we have borne ourselves In the converse of breath@ your gentleness Was guilty of it. Farewell, worthy lord! A heavy heart bears not a@ nimble tongue Excuse me so, coming too short of thanks For my great suit so easily obtain'd. King.@The extreme parts of time extremely forms All causes to the purpose of his speed, And often@ at his very loose@ decides That which long process could not arbitrate And though the mourning brow of progeny Forbid the smiling courtesy of love@ The holy suit which fain it would convince, Yet, since love's argument was first on foot, Let not the cloud of sorrow justle it From what it purposed since, to wail friends lost@ Is not by much so wholesome@-profitable@ As to rejoice at friends but newly found. Prin.@I understand you not my griefs are double. Biron.Honest plain words best pierce the ear of grief @And by these badges understand the king. For your fair sakes have we neglected time, Play'd@ foul play with our oaths your beauty, ladies, Hath much deform'd us, fashioning our humo@rs Even to the opposed end of our intents And what in us hath seem'd ridiculous,-~As love is full of unbefitting strains, All wanton as a child, skipping@ and vain, Form'd by the eye@ and therefore, like the eye, Full of strange shapes, of habits@ and of forms, Varying in subjects as the eye doth roll To every varied object in his glance Which parti-coated presence of loose love@ Put on by us, if, in your heavenly eyes, Have misbecomed our oaths and gravities, Those heavenly eyes, that look into these faults, Suggested us to make. Therefore, ladies, Our love being yours, the error that love makes Is likewise yours we to ourselves prove false, By being once false for ever to be true To those that make us both,-fair ladies, you And even that falsehood, in itself a sin, Thus purifies itself@ and turns to grace. @Prin.@We have received your letters@ full of love Your favo@rs, the ambassadors of love And, in our maiden council, rated them At courtship, pleasant jest@ and courtesy, As bombast and as lining to the time But more devout than this@ in our respects@ Have we not been and therefore met your loves In their own fashion, like a merriment. Dum.@Our letters, madam, show'd much more than jest. Long.@So did our looks. @Ros.We did not quote them so. King.Now, at the latest minute of the hour, Grant us your loves. Prin.@A time, methinks, too short To make a world-without-end bargain in. No, no, my lord, your grace is perjured much, Full of dear guiltiness and@ therefore@ this@ If for my love, as there is no such cause, You will do aught, this shall you do for me Your oath I will not trust but go with speed To some forlorn and naked hermitage, Remote from all the pleasures of the world There stay@ until the twelve celestial signs Have brought about the@@ annual reckoning. If this austere insociable life Change not your offer made in heat of blood If frosts@ and fasts, hard lodging@ and thin weeds@ Nip not the gaudy blossoms of your love, But that it bear this trial@ and last love Then, at the expiration of the year, Come challenge me, challenge me by these deserts, And, by this virgin palm@ now kissing thine, I will be thine and@ till that instant@ shut My woeful self up in a mourning house, Raining the tears of lamentation@ For the remembrance of my father's death. If this thou do deny, let our hands part, Neither intitled in the other's heart. King.If this, or more than this, I would deny, To flatter up these powers of mine with rest. The sudden hand of death close up mine eye! Hence ever then my heart is in thy breast. Biron.And what to me, my love@ and what to me@ Ros.You must be purged too, your sins are r@ack'd, You are attaint wit@h faults and perjury Therefore@ if you my favour mean to get, A twelvemonth shall you spend, and never rest, But seek the weary beds of people sick. Dum.@But what to me, my love@ but what to me@ A wife Kath.A beard, fair health, and honesty With three-fold love I wish you all these three. Dum.@O, shall I say, I thank you, gentle wife Kath.Not so, my lord @a twelvemonth and a day I'll mark no words that smooth-faced wooers say Co@me when the king doth to my lady co@me@ Then, if I have much love, I'll give you some. Dum.@I'll serve thee true and faithfully till then. Kath.Yet@ swear not, lest y@e be forsworn again. Long.@What says Maria@ Mar.@At the twelvemonth's end@ I'll change my black gown for a faithful friend. Long.@I'll stay with patience but the time is long. Mar.@The liker you few taller are so young. Biron.Studies my lady@ mistress, look on me@ Behold the window of my heart, mine eye, What humble suit attends thy answer there Impose some service on me for thy love. Ros.@Oft have I heard of you, my Lord Biron, Before I saw you and the world's large tongue Proclaims you for a man replete with mocks, Full of comparisons@ and wounding flouts, Which you on all estates will execute@ That lie within the mercy of your wit. To weed this wormwood from your fruitful brain, And@ therewithal@ to win me, if you please, Without the which I am not to be won, You shall this twelvemonth term from day to day Visit the speechless sick@ and still converse With groaning wretches and your task shall be, With all the fierce endeavour of your wit@ To enforce the pained impotent to smile. Biron.To move wild laughter in the throat of death@@ It cannot be it is impossible Mirth cannot move a soul in agony. @Ros.Why, that's the way to choke a gibing spirit, Who@se influence is begot of that loose grace@ Which shallow laughing hearers give to fools A jest's prosperity lies in the ear Of him that hears it, never in the tongue Of hi@m that makes it then, if sickly ears, Deaf'd with the clamo@rs of their own dear groans, Will hear your idle scorns, continue then, And I will have you@ and that fault withal But@ if they will not, throw away that spirit, And I shall find you empty of that fault, Right joyful of your reformation. Biron.A twelvemonth! well@ befall what will befall, I'll jest a twelvemonth in an hospital. KingAy, sweet my lord and so I take my ####################### madam we will bring you on your way. Biron.Our wooing doth not end like an old play Jack hath not Jill these ladies' courtesy Might well have made our sport a comedy. King.Come, sir, it wants a twelvemonth and a day, And then 'twill end. Biron.That's too long for a play. ############# Arm.@Sweet majesty, vouchsafe me,-~ Prin.@Was not that Hector@ Dum.@The worthy knight of Troy. Arm.@I will kiss thy royal finger, and take leave. I am a votary I have vowed to Jaquenetta to hold the plough for her sweet love three years. But, most esteemed greatness, will you hear the dialogue that the two learned men have compiled@ in praise of the owl and the cuckoo@@ it should have followed in the end of our show. King.@Call them forth quickly@ we will do so. Arm.@Holla! approach. ######################################## and others. This side is Hiems, Winter, this Ver, the Spring the one maintained by the owl, the other by the cuckoo. Ver, begin. THE ####################### violets blue And ############################################################################################## t@hen, on every tree, Mocks married men@ for thus sings he, Cuckoo ##################### a married ear! ############# oaten stra@ws@ And merry ############### When turtles tread, and ######## And maidens bleach their summer ####################### tree, @Mocks married men@ for thus sings he, ############################################### When icicles hang by t@he wall ######################### And Tom bears logs into the ######## milk comes frozen home in When blood is ########## be foul, Then nightly sings t@he staring owl, Tu-whit ######## @@a merry note, W@hile greasy ##### the pot. When all aloud the ######### And coughing #################### And birds sit brooding in the snow ########## nose looks red and raw, When roasted crabs hiss ###### ########### sings the staring ########################## a merry note, While ###### ######### ######## Arm.The words of Mercury are harsh after the songs of Apollo. You@ that way we@ this way. ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## fair Hippolyta, our nuptial hour Draws on apace fo@r happy days bring in Another moon but, O@, methinks, how slow This old moon wanes! she lingers my desires, Like to a step-dame@ or a dowager@ Long withering out a young man's revenue. Hip.@Four days will quickly steep themselves in night@ Four nights will quickly dream away the time And then the moon, like to a silver bow New-bent in heaven, shall behold the night Of our solemnities. @The.@Go, Philostrate, Stir up the Athenian youth to merriments Awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth Turn melancholy forth to funerals@ The pale companion is not for our #################### I woo'd thee with my sword, And won thy love, doing thee injuries But I will wed thee in another key, With pomp, with triumph@ and with revelling. ####################################################### be Theseus, our renowned duke! The.Thanks, good Egeus what's the news with thee@ Ege.Full of vexation come I, with complaint Against my child, my daughter Hermia. Stand forth, Demetrius. My noble lord, This man hath my consent to marry her. Stand forth, Lysander @and, my gracious duke, T@his man hath bewitch'd the bosom of my child Thou, thou, Lysander, thou hast given her rhymes, And interchanged love-tokens with my child Thou hast by moonlight at her window sung, With feigning voice@ verses of feigning love, And stolen the impression of her fantasy With bracelets of thy hair, rings, gawds, conceits, Knacks, trifles, nosegays, sweetmeats, messengers Of strong prevailment in unharden'd youth With cunning hast thou filch'd my daughter's heart, Turn'd her obedience, which is due to me, To stubborn harshness @and, my gracious duke, Be it so she will not here before your grace Consent to marry with Demetrius, I beg the ancient privilege of Athens, As she is mine, I may dispose of her Which shall be either to this gentleman@ Or to her death, according to our law@ Immediately provided in that case. @The.@What say you, Hermia@ be advised, fair maid To you your father should be as a god One that composed your beauties, yea, and one To whom you are but as a form in wax@ By him imprinted@ and within his power To leave the figure@ or disfigure it. Demetrius is a worthy gentleman. Her.@So is Lysander. The.@In himself he is But@ in this kind, wanting your father's voice, The other must be held the worthier. @Her.@I would@ my father look'd but with my eyes. The.Rather your eyes must with his judgement look. Her.@I do entreat your grace to pardon me. I know not by what power I am made bold, Nor how it may concern my modesty, In such a presence here@ to plead my thoughts But I beseech your grace@ that I may know The worst that may befall me in this case, If I refuse to wed Demetrius. The.Either to die the death@ or to abjure For ever the society of men. Therefore, fair Hermia, question your desires@ Know of your youth, examine well your blood, Whether, if you yield not to your father's choice, You can endure the livery of a nun, For aye to be in shady cloister mew'd, To live a barren sister all your life, Chanting faint hymns to the cold fruitless moon. Thrice-blessed they@ that master so their blood, To undergo such maiden pilgrimage But earthlier happy is the rose distill'd, Than that@ which@ withering on the virgin thorn@ Grows, lives@ and dies@ in single blessedness. Her.So will I grow, so live, so die, my lord, Ere I will yield my virgin patent up Unto his lordship, whose unwished yoke My soul consents not to give sovereignty. The.@Take time to pause and, by the next new moon@-~T@he sealing-day betwixt my love and me, For everlasting bond of fellowship-~Upon that day either prepare to die@ For disobedience to your father's will, Or else to wed Demetrius, as he would Or on Diana's altar to protest@ For aye@ austerity and single life. Dem.@Relent, sweet Hermia @and, Lysander, yield, Thy crazed title to my certain right. Lys.You have her father's love, Demetrius Let me have Hermia's do you marry him. Ege.Scornf@ul Lysander! true, he hath my love, And what is mine@ my love shall render him. And she is mine, and all my right of her I do estate unto Demetrius. Lys.@I am, my lord, as well derived as he, As well possess'd my love is more than his My fortunes every way as fairly rank'd, If not with vantage, as Demetrius' And, which is more than all these boasts can be, I am beloved of beauteous Hermia Why should not I then prosecute my right@ Demetrius, I'll avouch it to his head, Made love to Nedar's daughter, Helena, And won her soul and she, sweet lady, dotes, Devoutly dotes, dotes in idolatry, Upon this spotted and inconstant man. The.I must confe@ss that I have heard so much, And with Demetrius thought to have spoke thereof But, being over-full of self-affairs, My mind did lose it. But, Demetrius, co@me And come, Egeus you shall go with me, I have some private schooling for you both. For you, fair Hermia, look you arm yourself To fit your fancies to your father's will Or else the law of Athens yields you up-~Which by no means we may extenuate-~To death, or to a vow of single life. Co@me, my Hippolyta what cheer, my love@ Demetrius@ and Egeus, go along I must employ you in some business Against our nuptial and confer with you Of something nearly that concerns yourselves. Ege.@With duty@ and desire@ we follow ################################################ now, my love! why is your cheek so pale@ How chance the roses there do fade so fast @Her.@Belike@ for want of rain, which I could well Beteem them from the tempest of m@@y eyes. Lys.@Ay me! for aught that@@@@@ ####### ever read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth But, either it was different in blood,-~ Her.@O cross! too high to be enthrall'd to low. Lys.@Or else misgraffed@ in respect of years,-~ Her.O spite! too old to be engaged to young. Lys.@Or else it stood upon the choice of friends,-~ Her.O hell! to choose love by another's eyes. Lys.@Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, War, death, or sickness did lay siege to it, Making it momentany as a sound, Swift as a shadow, short as any dream Brief as the lightning in the collied night, That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth, And ere a man hath power to say 'Behold!' The jaws of darkness do devour it up So quick bright things come to confusion. Her.@If then true lovers have been ever cross'd, It stands as an edict in destiny Then let us teach our trial patience, Because it is a customary cross, As due to love@ as thoughts@ and dreams@ and sighs, Wishes@ and tears, poor fancy's followers. Lys.@A good persuasion therefore, hear me, Hermia. I have a widow aunt, a dowager Of great revenue, and she hath no child From Athens is her house remote seven leagues And she respects me as her only son, There, gentle Hermia, may I marry thee And to that place the sharp Athenian law Cannot pursue us. If thou lovest me then, Steal forth thy father's house to-morrow night And in the wood, a league without the town, Where I did meet thee once with Helena, To do observance to a morn of May, There will I stay for thee. Her.@My good Lysander! I swear to thee, by Cupid's strongest bow, By his best arrow with the golden head, By the simplicity of Venus' doves, By that which knitteth souls@ and prospers loves, And by that fire which burn'd the Carthage queen, When the false Troyan under sail was seen, By all the vows that ever men have broke, In number more than ever women spoke, In that same place thou hast appointed me, To-morrow truly will I meet with thee. Lys.@Keep promise, love. Look, here co@mes Helena. Enter HELENA. Her.@God speed, fair Helena! whither away@ Hel.@Call you me fair@ that fair again unsay. Demetrius loves your fair O happy fair! Your eyes are lode-stars and your tongue's sweet air More tuneable than lark to shepherd's ear, When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear. Sickness is catching O, were favo@r so, Your@s would I catch, fair Hermia, ere I go My ear should catch your voice, my eye your eye, My tongue should catch your tongue's sweet melody. Were the world mine, Demetrius being bated, The rest I'd give to be to you translated. O, teach me how you look, and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius' heart. Her.@I frown upon him, yet he loves me still. Hel.O that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill! Her.@I give him curses, yet he gives me love. Hel.@@O that my prayers could such affection move! Her.@The m@ore I hate, the more he follows me. Hel.The more I love, the more he hateth me. Her.His folly, Helena, is no fault of mine. Hel.@None, but your beauty @would that fault were mine@@! Her.@Take comfort he no more shall see my face Lysander and myself will fly this place. Before the time I did Lysander see, Seem'd Athens as a paradise to me O, then, what graces in my love do dwell, That he hath turn'd a heaven unto a hell! Lys.@Helen, to you our minds we will unfold To-morrow night, when Phoebe doth behold Her silver visage in the watery glass, Decking with liquid pearl the bladed grass, A time that lovers' flights doth still conceal, Through Athens' gates we have devised to steal. Her.@And in the wood, where often you and I Upon faint primrose-beds were wont to lie, Emptying our bosoms of their counsel sweet, There my Lysander and myself shall meet And thence@ from Athens@ turn away our eyes, To seek new friends and stranger companies. Farewell, sweet playfellow pray thou for us@ And good luck grant thee thy Demetrius! Keep word, Lysander we must starve our sight Fro@m lovers' food@ till morrow deep midnight. @@Lys.@I will, my ############### adieu As you on him, Demetrius dote on ##################### happy some@ o'er other some@ can be! Through Athens I am thought as fair as she. But what of that@ Demetrius thinks not so He will not know what all but he do know@ And as he errs, doting on Hermia's eyes, So I, admiring of his qualities@ Things base and vile, holding no quantity, Love can transpose to form and dignity@ Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind And therefore is wing'd Cupid painted blind Nor hath Love's mind of any judgement taste Wings@ and no eyes@ figure unheedy haste And therefore is Love said to be a child, Because in choice he is so oft beguiled. As waggish boys in game themselves forswear, So the boy Love is perjured every where For ere Demetrius look'd on Hermia's eyne, He hail'@d down oaths@ that he was only mine And when this hail some heat from Hermia felt, So he dissolved, and showers of oaths did melt. I will go tell him of fair Hermia's flight Then to the wood will he@ to-morrow night@ Pursue her and for this intelligence If I have thanks, it is a dear expense But herein mean I to enrich my pain, To have his sight thither@ and back again. ################################################################################################### all our company here@ Bot.@You were best to call them generally, man by man, according to the scrip. Quin.Here is the scroll of every man's name, which is thought fit, through all Athens, to play in our inter@lude before the duke and the duchess, on his wedding-day at night. Bot.@First, good Peter Quince, say what the play treats on, then read the names of the actors, and so grow to a point. Quin.@Marry, our play is, The most lamentable comedy, and most cruel death of Pyramus and Thisby. Bot.@A very good piece of work, I assure you, and a merry. Now, good Peter Quince, call forth your actors by the scroll. Masters, spread yourselves. Quin.Answer@ as I call you. Nick Bottom, the weaver. Bot.@Ready. Name what part I am for, and proceed. Quin.@You, Nick Bottom, are set down for Pyramus. Bot.@What is Pyramus@ a lover, or a tyrantn.A lover, that kills himself most gal~lant@@ for love. Bot.That will ask some tears in the true performing of it if I do it, let the audience look to their eyes I will move storms, I will condole in some measure. To the rest @yet my chief humo@r is for a tyrant I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in, to make all split. The raging rocks@ @And shivering shocks@ Shall break@ the locks Of prison gates And Phibbus' car Shall shine from far@ And make and mar The foolish Fates. This was lofty! Now name the rest of the players. This is Ercles' vein, a tyrant's vein a lover is more con@doling. Quin.Francis Flute, the bellows-mender. Flu.@Here, Peter Quince. Quin.Flute, you must take Thisby on you, Flu.@What is Thisby@ a wandering knight@ Quin.@It is the lady that Pyramus must love. Flu.@Nay, faith, let me not play a woman I have a beard coming. Quin.That's all one you shall play it in a mask, and you may speak as small as you will. Bot.@An I may hide my face, let me play Thisby too, I'll speak in a monstrous little ######################## my lover dear! thy Thisby dear, and lady dear!' Quin.No, no you must play Pyramus@ and, Flute, you Thisby. Bot.@Well, proceed. Quin.@Robin Starveling, the tailor. Star.Here, Peter Quince. Quin.Robin Starveling, you must play Thisby's mother. @Tom Snout, the tinker. Snout.@Here, Peter Quince. Quin.You, Pyramus'@@father myself, Thisby's father @Snug, the joiner@ you, the lion's part @and, I hope, here is a play fitted. Snug.@Have you the lion's part written@ pray you, if it be, give it me, for I am slow of study. Quin.You may do it extempore, for it is nothing but roaring. Bot.Let me play the lion too I will roar, that I will do any man's heart good to hear me I will roar, that I will make the duke say 'Let him roar again, let him roar again.' Quin.An you should do it too terribly, you would fright the duchess and the ladies, that they would shriek and that were enough to hang us all. All.That would hang us, every mother's son. Bot.@I grant you, friends, if that you should fright the ladies out of their wits, they would have no more discretion but to hang us but I will aggravate my voice so@ that I will roar you as gently as any sucking dove I will roar you an 'twere any nightingale. Quin.You can play no part but Pyramus for Pyramus is a sweet-faced man a proper man, as one shall see in a summer's day a most lovely@ gentleman-like man there@fore you must needs play Pyramus. Bot.@Well, I will undertake it. What beard were I best to play it in@ Quin.@Why, what you will. Bot.@I will discharge it in either your straw-colo@r@@ beard, your orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your French~crown-colo@r beard, your perfect yellow. Quin.@Some of your French crowns have no hair at all, and then you will play bare~faced. But, masters, here are your parts and I am to entreat you, request you@ and desire you, to con them by to-morrow night and meet me in the palace wood, a mile without the town, by moon@light there will we rehearse, for if we meet in the city, we shall be dogged with company, and our devices known. In the mean@time@ I will draw a bill of properties, such as our play wants. I pray you, fail me not. Bot.@We will meet and there we may rehearse most obscenely@ and courageously. Take pains be perfect adieu. Quin.@At the duke's oak we meet. Bot.@Enough hold@ or cut bow-strings. ######################################################################################### now, spirit! whither wander you@ Fai.@Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough brier, Over park, over pale, Thorough flood, thorough fire, I do wander every where, Swifter than the moon's sphere And I serve the fairy queen, To dew her orbs upon the green. The cowslips tall her pensioners be In their gold coats spots you see Those be rubies, fairy favo@rs, In those freckles live their savo@rs@ I must go seek some dew@drops here@ And hang a pearl in every cowslip's ear. Farewell, thou lob of spirits@ I'll be gone Our queen and all our elves co@me here anon. Puck.The king doth keep his revels here to-night Take heed@ the queen come not within his sight@ For Oberon is passing fell and wrath, Because that she@ as her attendant@ ############################################################ lovely boy, stolen from an Indian king She never had so sweet a changeling And jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his train, to trace the forests wild But she@ perforce@ withholds the loved boy, Crowns him with flowers@ and makes him all her joy And now they never meet in grove@ or green, By fountain clear, or spangled star@light sheen, But they do square, that all their elves@ for fear@ Creep into acorn-cups@ and hide them there. Fai.Either I mistake your shape and making quite, Or else you are that shrewd and knavish sprite@ Call'd Robin Good@fellow are not you he@ That frights the maidens of the viilagery Skim milk, and sometimes labo@r in the quern@ And bootless make the breathless housewife churn And sometime make the drink to bear no barm Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm@ Those that Hobgoblin call you@ and sweet Puck, You do their work, and they shall have good luck Are not you he@ Puck.@Thou speak'st aright I am that merry wanderer of the night. I jest to Oberon@ and make him smile@ When I a fat and bean-fed horse beguile, Neighing in likeness of a filly foal And sometime lurk I in a gossip's bowl, In very likeness of a roasted crab, And@ when she drinks, against her lips I bob@ And on her wither'd dew@lap pour the ale. The wisest aunt, telling the saddest tale, Sometime for three-foot stool mistaketh me Then slip I from her bum, down topples she, And 'tailor' cries, and falls into a cough And then the whole quire hold their hips@ and laugh, And waxen in their mirth@ and neeze@ and swear A merrier hour was never wasted there. But, room, fairy! here comes Oberon. Fai.@And here my mistress. Would that he were gone! ############################### his ###################################### Obe.@Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. Tita.What, jealous Oberon! Fairies, skip hence I have forsworn his bed and company. Obe.@Tarry, rash wanton am not I thy lord@ Tita.Then I must be thy lady but I know When thou hast stolen away from fairy land, And in the shape of Corin sat all day, Playing on pipes of corn@ and versing love To amorous Phillida. Why art thou here, Co@me from the farthest steppe of India @@But that, forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, Your buskin'd mistre@ss and your warrior love, To Theseus must be wedded, and you come To give their bed joy and prosperity. Obe.@How canst thou thus@ for shame, Titania, Glance at my credit with Hippolyta, Knowing I know thy love to Theseus@@ Didst thou not lead him through the glimmering night From Perigenia, whom he ravished@ And make him with fair AEgle break his faith, With Ariadne@ and Antiopa Tita.These are the forgeries of jealousy And never, since the middle summer's spring, Met we on hill, in dale, forest@ or mead, By paved fountain@ or by rushy brook, Or in the beached margent of the sea, To dance our ringlets to the whistling wind, But with thy brawls thou hast disturb'd our sport. Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain, As in revenge, have suck'd up from the sea Contagious fogs which falling in the land@ Have every pelting river made so proud@ That they have overborne their continents The ox hath therefore stretch'd his yoke in vain, The ploughman lost his sweat, and the green corn Hath rotted@ ere his youth attain'd a beard The fold stands empty in the drowned field, And crows are fatted with the murrion flock The nine men's morris is fill'd up with mud, And the quaint mazes in the wanton green@ For lack of tread@ are undistinguishable The human mortals want their winter here No night is now with hymn or carol blest @Therefore the moon, the governess of floods, Pale in her anger, washes all the air, That rheumatic diseases do abound And@ thorough this distemperature@ we see The seasons alter hoary-headed frosts Fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose, And on old Hiems' thin@ and icy crown@ An odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds Is, as in mockery, set the spring, the summer, The childing autumn, ang@ry winter, change Their wonted liveries, and the @mazed world, By their increase, now knows not which is which And this same progeny of evils comes From our debate, from our dissension We are their parents and original. Obe.@Do you amend it then it lies in you Why s@hould Titania cross her Oberon@ I do but beg a little changeling boy, To be my henchman. Tita.Set your heart at rest@ The fairy land buys not the child of me. His mother was a votaress of my order And, in the spiced Indian air, by night, Full often hath she gossip'@d by my side, And sat with me on Neptune's yellow sands, Marking the embarked traders on the flood, When we have laugh'd to see the sails conceive@ And grow big-bellied@ with the wanton wind Which she, with pretty and with swimming gait@ Following,-her womb@ then rich with my young @squire,-~Would imitate, and sail upon the land, To fetch me trifles, and return again, As from a voyage, rich with merchandise. But she, being mortal, of that boy did die And@ for her sake do I rear up her boy, And@ for her sake@ I will not part with him. Obe.@How long within this wood intend you stay Tita.Perchance@ till after Theseus' wedding-day. If you will patiently dance in our round@ And see our moonlight revels, go with us If not, shun me, and I will spare your haunts. Obe.@Give me that boy, and I will go with thee. Tita.Not ###### fairy kingdom. Fairies, away! We shall chide downright, if I longer stay. ################### train. Obe.@Well, go thy way thou shalt not from this grove@ Till I torment thee for this injury. My gentle Puck, co@me hither. Thou rememb@rest Since once I sat upon a promontory, And heard a mermaid@ on a dolphin's back@ Uttering such dulcet and harmonious breath@ That the rude sea grew civil at her song And certain stars shot madly from their spheres, To hear the sea-maid's music. Puck.I remember. Obe.@That very time I saw, but thou could@st not, Flying between the cold moon and the earth, Cupid all arm'd a certain aim he took At a fair vestal@ throned by the west, And loosed his love-shaft smartly from his bow, As it should pierce a hundred thousand hearts But I might see young Cupid's fiery shaft Quench'd in the chaste beams of the watery moon, And the imperial votaress passed on, In maiden meditation, fancy-free. Yet mark'd I where the bolt of Cupid fell It fell upon a little western flower, Before@ milk-white, now purple with love's wound, And maidens call it@ love-in-idleness. Fetch me that flower the herb I shew'@d thee once The juice of it@ on sleeping eye-lids laid@ Will make or man or woman madly dote Upon the next live creature that it sees. Fetch me this herb and be thou here again@ Ere the leviathan can swim a league. Puck.I'll put a girdle round about the earth In forty minutes. @Exit. Obe.@Having once this juice, I'll watch Titania when she is asleep, And drop the liquor of it in her eyes. The next thing then she waking looks upon, Be it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull, On meddling monkey, or on busy ape, She shall pursue it with the soul of love@ And ere I take this charm @from off her sight, As I can take it with another herb, I'll make her render up her page to me. But who co@mes here@ I am invisible And I will overhear their conference. Enter ################# Dem.@I love thee not, therefore pursue me not. Where is Lysander@ and fair Hermia@ The one I'll slay, the other slayeth me. Thou told'st me@ they were stolen unto this wood@ And here am I, and wode within this wood, Because I cannot meet @@my Hermia. Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more. Hel.@You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant But yet you draw not iron, for my heart Is true as steel leave you your power to draw, And I shall have no power to follow you. Dem.@Do I entice you@ do I speak you fair@ Or, rather, do I not in plainest truth Tell you, I do not, nor I cannot love you@ Hel.@And even for that do I love you the more. I am your spaniel and, Demetrius, The more you beat me, I will fawn on you Use me but as your spaniel, spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, lose me only give me leave, Unworthy as I am, to follow you. What worser place can I beg in your love,-~And yet a place of high respect with me,-~Than to be used as you use your dog@ Dem.@Tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit For I am sick@ when I do look on thee. Hel.@And I am sick@ when I look not on you. Dem.@You do impeach your modesty too much, To leave the city@ and commit yourself Into the hands of one that loves you not To trust the opportunity of night@ And the ill counsel of a desert place@ With the rich worth of your virginity. Hel.Your virtue is my privilege for that@ It is not night@ when I do see your face, Therefore I think I am not in the night Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company, For you@ in my respect@ are all the world Then how can it be said@ I am alone, When all the world is here to look on me Dem.I'll run from thee@ and hide me in the brakes, And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts. Hel.The wildest hath not such a heart as you. Run when you will, the story shall be changed Apollo flies, and Daphne holds the chase The dove pursues the griffin the mild hind Makes speed to catch the tiger bootless speed, When cowardice pursues@ and valo@r flies. Dem.@I will not stay thy questions let me go Or, if thou follow me, do not believe But I shall do thee mischief in the wood. Hel.Ay, in the temple, in the town, the field, You do me mischief. Fie, Demetrius! Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex We cannot fight for love, as men may do We should be woo'd@ and were not made to woo. I'll follow thee@ and make a heaven of hell, To die upon the hand I love so ######################################### thee well, nymph ere he do leave this grove, Thou shalt fly him@ and he shall seek thy love. Re-enter PUCK. Hast thou the flower there@ Welcome, wanderer. Puck.Ay, there it is. Obe.@I pray thee, give it me. I know a bank where@@ the wild thyme blows, Where ox@lips and the nodding violet grows, Quite over-canopied with luscious woodbine, With sweet musk-roses@ and with eglantine There sleeps Titania@ some@time of the night, Lull'd in these flowers with dances and delight And there the snake throws her enamell'd skin, Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in And with the juice of this I'll streak her eyes, And make her full of hateful fantasies. Take thou some of it, and seek through this grove A sweet Athenian lady is in love With a disdainful youth anoint his eyes But do it@ when the next thing he espies May be the lady thou shalt know the man By the Athenian garments he hath on. Effect it with some care, that he may prove More fond on her@ than she upon her love And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow. Puck.Fear not, my lord, you@ servant shall do so. #################################################################### now a roundel@ and a fairy song Then, for the third part of a minute, hence Some@ to kill cankers in the musk-rose buds, Some@ war with rere-mice for their leathern wings, To make my small elves coats, and some@ keep back The clamorous owl@ that nightly hoots@ and wonders At our quaint spirits. Sing me now asleep Then to your offices@ and let me ##################### spotted snakes@ #################### hedge@hogs, be not seen Newts and blind-worms, do no wrong, Come not near ###################### with melody@ Sing in our sweet lullaby @@@Lulla, lulla, lulla, lullaby Never harm, Nor spell nor charm, Come our lovely lady nigh So, good night, @with lullaby. ####### spiders, conme not here Hence, ################### Beetles black, ############ Worm nor snail, do no offence. Philomel, with melody, c. Fai.Hence, away! now all i@s well One@ aloof@ stand sentinel. ########################################## Do it for thy true-love take, Love@ and languish for his sake Be it ounce, or cat, or bear, Pard, or boar with bristled hair, In thy eye that shall appear When thou wakest, it is thy dear Wake@ when some vile thing is near. Exit. ########################## Lys.@Fair love, you faint with wandering is the wood And to speak troth, I have forgot our way We'll rest us, Hermia, if you think it good, And tarry for the comfort of the day. ###################################################################################### it so, Lysander find you out a bed@ For I upon this bank will rest my head. Lys.@One turf shall serve as pillow for us both One heart, one bed, two bosoms@ and one troth. Her.Nay, good Lysander for my sake, my dear, Lie further off yet, do not lie so near. Lys.@O, take the sense, sweet, of my innocence! Love@ takes the meaning@ in love's conference. I mean, that my heart unto yours is knit So that but one heart we can make of it Two bosoms interchained with an oath So then@ two bosoms@ and a single troth. Then@ by your side no bed-room me deny For@ lying so, Hermia, I do not lie. Her.@Lysander riddles very prettily Now much beshrew my manners and my pride, If Hermia meant to say@ Lysander lied. But, gentle friend, for love and courtesy Lie further off in human modesty, Such separation@ as@ may well be said@ Becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid, So far be distant and, good night, sweet friend Thy love ne'er alter@ till thy sweet life end! Lys.@Amen, amen, to that fair prayer, say I And then end life@ when I end loyalty! Here is my bed sleep give thee all his rest! Her.@With half that wish the wisher's eyes be press'd! They ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### have I gone, But Athenian found I none, On whose eyes I might approve This flower's force in stirring love. Night and silence.-Who is here@ Weeds of Athens he doth wear This is he, my master said, Despised the Athenian maid And here the maiden, sleeping sound, On the dank and dirty ground. Pretty soul! she durst not lie Near this lack-love, this kill-courtesy. Churl, upon thy eyes I throw All the power this charm doth owe. When thou wakest, let love forbid Sleep his seat on thy eye@lid@ So awake@ when I am gone For I must now to Oberon. Exit. ########################### ######## Hel.Stay, though thou kill me, sweet Demetrius. Dem.@I charge thee, hence, and do not haunt me thus. Hel.O, wilt thou darkling leave me@ do not so. Dem.@Stay, on thy peril I alone will go. ############## I am out of breath@ in this fond chase! The more my prayer, the lesser is my grace. Happy is Hermia, wheresoe'er she lies For she hath blesssed@ and attractive eyes. How came her eyes so bright@ Not with salt tears If so, my eyes are oftener wash'd than hers. No, no, I am as ugly as a bear For beasts that meet me@ run away for fear Therefore@ no marvel@ though Demetrius Do, as a monster, fly my presence thus. What wicked and dissembling glass of mine Made me compare with Hermia's sphery eyne@ But who is here@ Lysander! on the ground! Dead@ or asleep@ I see no blood, no wound. Lysander, if you live, good sir, awake. Lys. Awaking And run through fire I will@ for thy sweet sake@@@@@@. Transparent Helena! Natu@@@@@re shows art, That through thy bosom makes me see thy heart. Where is Demetrius@@ O, how fit a word Is that vile name@ to perish on my sword! Hel.@Do not say so, Lysander say not so What though he love your Hermia@ Lord, what though@ Yet Hermia still loves you then be content. Lys.@Content with Hermia@! No I do repent The tedious minutes I with her have spent. Not Hermia@ but Helena I love Who will not change a raven for a dove @@The will of man is by his reason sway'd And reason says you are the worthier maid. Things growing are not ripe until their season So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason And touching now the point of human skill, Reason becomes the marshal to my will@ And leads me to your eyes, where I o'erlook Love's stories@ written in love's richest book. Hel.Wherefore was I to this keen mockery born @@When@ at your hands@ did I deserve this scorn@ Is't not enough, is't not enough, young man, That I did never, no, nor never can, Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius' eye, But you must flout my insufficiency@ Good troth, you do me wrong, good sooth, you do, In such disdainful manner me to woo. But fare you well perforce I must confe@ss I thought you lord of more true gentleness. O, that a lady, of one man refused, Should@ of another@ therefore be abused! @Exit. Lys.@She sees not Hermia. Hermia, sleep thou there And never may@st thou co@me Lysander near! For@ as a surfeit of the sweetest things The deepest loathing to the stomach brings, Or@ as the heresies@ that men do leave@ Are hated most of those they did deceive, So thou, my surfeit@ and my heresy, Of all be hated, but the most of me! And, all my powers, address your love and might@ To hono@r Helen@ and to be her knight! ################ me, Lysander, help me! do thy best@ To pluck this crawling serpent from my breast! Ay me, for pity! what a dream was here! Lysander, look@ how I do quake with fear Methought@ a serpent eat my heart away, And you sat smiling at his cruel prey. Lysander! what, removed@ Lysander! lord! What, out of hearing@ gone@ no sound, no word@ Alack, where are you@ speak, an if you hear Speak, of all loves! I swoon almost with fear. No @@then I well perceive you are not nigh Either death@ or you I'll find immediately. ######################################################################################################################## we all met@@ Quin.@Pat, pat and here's a marvellous convenient place for our rehearsal. This green plot shall be our stage, this hawthorn-brake our tiring-house and we will do it in action@ as we will do it before the duke. Bot.@Peter Quince,-~ Quin.What sayest thou, bully Bottom Bot.There are things in this comedy of ######### that will never please. First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill him~self which the ladies cannot abide. How answer you that@ Snout.@By'r lakin, a parlous fear. Star.@I believe@ we must leave the killing out, when all is done. Bot.@Not a whit I have a device to make all well. Write me a prologue and let the prologue seem to say, we will do no harm with our swords and that Pyramus is not killed indeed and, for the more better assurance, tell t@ell that I, Pyramus, am not Pyramus, but Bottom the weaver this will put them out of fear. Quin.Well, we will have such a prologue and it shall be written in eight and six. Bot.No, make it two more let it be writ~ten in eight and eight. Snout.Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion @@Star.@I fear it, I promise you. Bot.@Masters, you ought to consider with yourselves to bring in@-God shield us!-a lion among ladies@ is a most dreadful thing for there is not a more fearful wild-fowl than your lion@ living and we ought to look to 't. Snout.Therefore@ another prologue must tell@ he is not a lion. Bot.Nay, you must name his name, and half his face must be seen through the lion's neck and he himself must speak through, saying thus, or to the same defect,-'Ladies,' -or 'Fair ladies,-I would wish you,'-or 'I would request you,'-or 'I would entreat you, -not to fear, not to tremble my life for yours. If you think I come hither as a lion, it were pity of my life no, I am no such thing I am a man as other men are ' and there@ in~deed@ let him name his name, and tell them plainly@ he is Snug the joiner. Quin.Well, it shall be so. But there is two hard things that is, to bring the moon@light into a chamber for, you know, Pyramus and Thisby meet by moon@light. Snout.@Doth the moon shine@ that night we play our play Bot.A calendar, a calendar! look in the almanac@ find out moon@shine, find out moon~shine. Quin.Yes, it doth shine that night. Bot.@Why, then may you leave a casement of the great chamber window, where we play, open, and the moon may shine in at the casement. Quin.@Ay or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lanthorn, and say@ he co@mes to disfigure, or to present, the person of Moon@shine. Then, there is another thing we must have a wall in the great chamber for Pyramus and Thisby, says the story, did talk through the chink of a wall. Snout.@You can never bring in a wall. What say you, Bottom@ Bot.@Some man or other must present Wall and let him have some plaster, or some loam, or some rough-cast about him, to signify wall and let him hold his fingers thus, and through that cranny shall Pyramus and Thisby whisper. Quin.@If that may be, then all is well. Co@me, sit down, every mother's son, and re~hearse your parts. Pyramus, you begin when you have spoken your speech, enter into that brake and so every one according to his cue. Enter PUCK behind. Puck.What hempen home-spuns have we swaggering here, So near the cradle of the fairy queen@@ What, a play toward! I'll be an auditor An actor too, perhaps, if I see cause. Quin.@Speak, Pyramus. Thisby, stand forth. ############# flowers of odious ####################### ########################## sweet So hath thy breath, my dearest Thisby dear. But@ hark, a voice! stay thou but here a@while, And by and by I will to thee appear. ### stranger Pyramus than e'er played #################### I speak now@ Quin.@Ay, marry, must you for you must understand@ he goes but to see a noise that he heard, and is to co@me again. @Flu.@Most radiant Pyramus, most Of color like the red rose ########################################################################################################## at ################### tomb,' ma@n why, you must not speak that yet that you answer to Pyramus you speak all your part at once, cues and all. Pyramus enter your cue is past it is, ################################################################################################################################################################################################################ follow you, I'll lead you about a round, Through bog, through bush, through brake, through brier Sometime a horse I'll be, sometime a hound, A hog, a headless bear, sometime a fire And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn, Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn. Exit. Bot.@Why do they run away@ this is a knavery of them@ to make me afeard. Re-enter ######## Bottom, thou art changed! what do I see on thee@@ Bot.@What do you see @@you see an a@ss~head of your own, ################# QUINCE. Quin.@Bless thee, Bottom! bless thee! thou art trans@lated. Exit. Bot.@I see their knavery this is to make an ass of me to fright me, if they could. But I will not stir from this place, do what they can I will walk up and down here, and I will sing, that they shall hear I am not afraid. ########################################################################################################################################################################################################### Whose note full many a man doth mark, And dares ########### indeed, who would set his wit to so foolish a bird@@ who would give a bird the lie, though he cry 'cuckoo' never so Tita.I pray thee, gentle mortal, sing again Mine ear is much enamour'd of thy note@ So is mine eye enthralled to thy shape And thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me@ On the first view@ to say, to swear, I love thee. Bot.@Methinks, mistress, you should have little reason for that and yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company to~gether now-a-days the more the pity@ that some honest neighbo@rs will not ma@ke them friends. Nay, I can gleek@ upon occasion. Tita.Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful. Bot.@Not so, neither but if I had wit enough to get out of this wood, I have enough to serve mine own turn. Tita.Out of this wood do not desire to go Thou shalt remain here, whether thou wilt or no. I am a spirit@ of no common rate The summer still doth tend upon my state@ And I do love thee therefore, go with me I'll give thee fairies to attend on thee, And they s@hall fetch thee jewels from the deep. And sing@ while thou on pressed flowers dost sleep And I will purge thy mortal grossness so@ That thou shalt like an airy spirit go. Peaseblossom! Cobweb! Moth! and ####################################################### shall we go Tita.Be kind and courteous to this gentleman Hop in his walks@ and gambol in his eyes Feed him with apricocks@ and dewberries, With purple grapes, green figs@ and mulberries The honey-bags steal from the humble-bees, And@ for night-tapers@ crop their waxen thighs@ And light them at the fiery glow-worm's eyes, To have my love to bed@ and to arise And pluck the wings from painted butterflies@ To fan the moon@beams from his sleeping eyes Nod to him, elves, and do him courtesies. @Peas.@Hail, mortall ########################## Bot.@I cry your worship's mercy, heartily@ I beeseech@ your worship's name@. Cob.@Cobweb. Bot.@I shall desire you of more acquaint~ance, good Mas@ter Cobweb if I cut my finger, I shall make bold with you. Your name, honest gentleman@ Peas.@Peaseblossom. Bot.I pray you, commend me to Mistress Squash, ########################### and to Master Peascod, your father. Good Master Peaseblossom, I shall desire you of more acquaintance too. @Your name, I beseech you, sir@ Mus.@Mustard@seed. Bot.@Good Master Mustard@seed, I know your patience well that same cowardly, giant~like@ ox-beef hath de@voured many a gentleman of your house I promise you@ your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now. I desire your more acquaintance, good Master Mus~tard@seed. Tita.Co@me, wait upon him lead him to my bower. The @moon@ methinks@ looks with a watery eye And when she weeps, weeps every little flower, Lamenting some enforced chastity. Tie up my love's tongue, bring him silently. ########################################## OBERON. Obe.@I wonder@ if Titania be awaked Then, what it was that next came in her eye, Whic@h she must dote on in extremity. Enter PUCK. Here comes my messenger. How now, mad spirit! What night-rule now about this haunted grove@@ Puc@k.@My mistress with a monster is in love. Near to her close and consecrated bower, While she was in her dull and sleeping hour, A crew of patches, rude mechanicals, That work for bread upon Athenian stalls, Were met together to rehearse a play@ Intended for great Theseus' nuptial-day. The shallowest thick-skin of that barren sort, Who Pyramus presented, in their sport Forsook his scene@ and enter'd in a brake When I did him at this advantage take, An ass's nole I fixed on his head Anon@ his Thisbe must be answered, And forth my mimic comes. When they him spy, As wild geese that the creeping fowler eye, Or russet-pated choughs, many in sort, Rising and cawing at the gun's report, Sever themselves@ and madly sweep the sky, So, at his sight, away his fellows fly And, at our stamp, here o'er and o'er one falls He murder cries@ and help from Athens calls. Their sense@ thus weak, lost with their fears@ thus strong, Made senseless things begin to do them wrong For briers and thorns at their apparel snatch Some@ sleeves, some@ hats, from yielders all things catch. I led them on in this distracted fear, And left sweet Pyramus translated there When in that moment, so it came to pass, Titania waked@ and straightway loved an ass. Obe.@This falls out better than I could devise. But hast thou yet latch'd the Athenian's eyes With the love-juice, as I did bid thee do@ Puck.@I took him sleeping,-that is finish'd too,-~And the Athenian woman by his side That, when he waked, of force she must be eyed. Enter ############################# close this is the same Athenian. Puck.@This is the woman, but not this the man. Dem.@O, why rebuke you him that loves you so@ Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe. Her.@Now I but chide@ but I should use thee worse, For thou, I fear, hast given me cause to curse, If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep, Being o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep, And kill me too. The sun was not so true unto the day@ As he to me would he have stolen away From sleeping Hermia@ I'll believe as soon@ This whole earth may be bored and that the moon May through the centre creep@ and so displease Her brother's noon@tide with the Antipodes. It cannot be@ but thou hast murder'd him So should a murderer look, so dead, so grim. Dem.@So should the murder'd look, and so should I, Pierced through the heart with your stern cruelty Yet you, the murderer, look as bright, as clear, As yonder Venus in her glimmering sphere. Her.What's this to my Lysander@ where is he@ Ah, good Demetrius, wilt thou give him me@ Dem.@I had rather give his carcass to @my hounds. Her.@Out, dog! out, cur! thou drivest me past the bounds Of maiden's patience. Hast thou slain him, then@ Henceforth be never number'd among men! O, once tell true, tell true, even for my sake! Durst thou have look'd upon him@ being awake, And hast thou kill'd him sleeping@ O brave touch! Could not a worm, an adder, do so much@ An adder did it for with doubler tongue Than thine, thou serpent, never adder stung. Dem.@You spend your passion on a misprised mood I am not guilty of Lysander's blood Nor is he dead, for aught that I can tell. Her.@I pray thee, tell me then that he is well. Dem.@An if I could, what should I get therefor@@e Her.@A privilege@ never to see me more. And from thy hated presence part I so See me no more, whether he be dead or no. Exit. Dem.@There is no following her in this fierce vein Here@ therefore@ for a while I will remain. So sorrow's heaviness doth heavier grow For debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe Which now in some slight measure it will pay, If for his tender here I make some stay. Lies ############### hast thou done@ thou hast mistaken quite@ And laid the love-juice on some true-love's sight Of thy misprision must perforce ensue Some true love turn'd@ and not a false turn'd true. Puck.Then fate o'er-rules, that, one man holding troth, A million fail, confounding oath on oath. Obe.@About the wood go swifter than the wind, And Helena of Athens look thou find All fancy-sick she is@ and pale of cheer, With sighs of love, that costs the fresh blood dear By some illusion see thou bring her here I'll charm his eyes@ against she do appear. Puck.I go, I go look@ how I go, Swifter than arrow from the Tartar's bow. Exit. Obe. Flower of this purple dye, Hit with Cupid's archery, Sink i@n apple of his eye. When his love he doth espy, Let her shine as gloriously As the Venus of the sky. When thou wakest, if she be by, Beg of her for remedy. Re-enter PUCK. Puck. Captain of our fairy band, Helena is here at hand And the youth, mistook by me, Pleading for a lover's fee. Shall we their fond pageant see@ Lord, what fools these mortals be! Obe. Stand aside the noise they make@ Will cause Demetrius to awake. Puck. Then will two@ at once@ woo one That must needs be sport alone And those things do best please me@ That befall preposterously. Enter Lysander and Helena. Lys.@Why should you think@ that I should woo in scorn@@ Scorn and derision never co@me in tears Look, when I vow, I weep and vows so born, In their nativity all truth appears. How can these things in me seem scorn to you, Bearing the badge of faith, to prove them true@ Hel.@You do advance your cunning more and more. When truth kills truth, O devilish holy fray! These vows are Hermia's@ will you give her o'er@ Weigh oath with oath, and you will nothing weigh Your vows@ to her and me, put in two scales, Will even weigh, and both as light as tales. Lys.@I had no judgement@ when to her I swore. Hel.@Nor none, in my mind, now you give her o'er. Lys.@Demetrius loves her, and he loves not you. ########## Helen, goddess, nymph, perfect, divine! To what, my love, shall I compare thine ey@e@ Crystal is muddy. O, how ripe in show Thy lips, those kissing cherries, tempting grow! That pure congealed white, high Taurus@ snow, Fann'd with the eastern wind, turns to a crow@ When thou hold'st up thy hand O, let me kiss This princess of pure white, this seal of bliss! ####### O hell! I see you all are bent To set against me@ for your merriment@ If you were civil@ and knew courtesy, You would not do me thus much injury. Can you not hate me, as I know you do, But you must join@ in souls@ to mock me too@ If you were men, as men you are in show, You would not use a gentle lady so To vow@ and swear@ and superpraise my parts, When@ I am sure@ you hate me with your hearts. You both are rivals, and love Hermia And now both rivals, to mock Helena A trim exploit, a manly enterprise, To conjure tears up in a poor maid's eyes@ With your derision! none@ of noble sort@ Would so offend a virgin, and extort A poor soul's patience, all to make you sport. Lys.@You are unkind, Demetrius be not so For you love Hermia this@ you know@ I know And here, with all good will, with all my heart, In Hermia's love I yield you up my part And yours of Helena to me bequeath, Whom I do love@ and will do till my death. Hel.Never did mockers waste more idle breath. Dem.@Lysander, keep thy Hermia I will none If e'er I loved her, all that love is gone. My heart @@to her but@ as guest-wise@ sojourn'd, And now to Helen is it home return'd, There to remain. Lys.@Helen, it is not so. Dem.@Disparage not the faith thou dost not know, Lest, to thy peril, thou aby it dear. Look, where thy love comes yonder is thy dear. ############# Her.@Dark night, that from the eye his function takes, The ear more quick of apprehension makes Wherein it doth impair the seeing sense, It pays the hearing double recompense. Thou art not by mine eye, Lysander, found Mine ear, I thank it, brought me to thy sound@ But why unkindly did@st thou leave me so@ Lys.@Why should he stay, whom love doth press to go@ Her.@What love could press Lysander from my sid@@e Lys.@Lysander's love, that would not let him bide, Fair Helena, who more engilds the night Than all you fiery oes and eyes of light. Why seek'st thou me@ could not this make thee know, The hate I bear thee made me leave thee so@ Her.@You speak not as you think it cannot be. Hel.@Lo, she is one of this confederacy! Now I perceive they have conjoin'd@ all three@ To fashion this false sport, in spi@te of me. Injurious Hermia! most ungrateful maid! Have you conspired, have you with these contrived To bait me with this foul derision@ Is all the counsel that we two have shared, The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spent, When we have chid the hasty-footed time For parting us,-O, @is it all forgot@ All school-days' friendship, childhood innocencece We, Hermia, like two artificial gods, Have with our needles created both one flower, Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, Both warbling of one song, both in one key, As if our hands, our sides, voices@ and minds, Had been incorporate. So we grew together, Like to a double cherry, seeming parted, But yet an union in partition@ Two lovely berries moulded on one stem So, with two seeming bodies, but one heart Two of the first, like coats in heraldry, Due but to one@ and crowned with one crest. And will you rent our ancient love asunder, To join with men in scorning your poor friend @@It is not friendly, 'tis not maidenly Our sex, as well as I, may chide you for it, Though I alone do feel the injury. Her.@I am amazed at your passionate words. I scorn you not it seems that you scorn me. Hel.@Have you not set Lysander, as in scorn, To follow me@ and praise my eyes and face@ And made your other love, Demetrius, Who eve@n but now did spurn me with his foot, To call me goddess, nymph, divine@ and rare, Precious, celestial@@ Wherefore speaks he this To her he hates @@and wherefore doth Lysander Deny your love, so rich within his soul, And tender me, forsooth, affection, But by your setting on, by your consent What though I be not so in grace as you, So hung upon with love, so fortunate, But miserable most, to love unloved@ This you should pity@ rather than despise. Her.@I understand not what you mean by this. Hel.@Ay, do, persever, counterfeit sad looks, Make mouths upon me when I turn my back Wink each a@t other hold the sweet jest up This sport, well carried, shall be chronicled. If you have any pity, grace, or manners, You would not make me such an argument. But@ fare ye well 'tis partly m@@y own fault@ Which death@ or absence@ soon shall remedy. Lys.Stay, gentle Helena hear my excuse My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena! Hel.@O excellent! Her.@Sweet, do not scorn her so. Dem.@If she cannot entreat, I can compel. Lys.Thou canst compel no more than she entreat Thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers. Helen, I love thee by my life, I do I swear by that which I will lose for thee, To prove him false@ that says I love thee not. Dem.@I say@ I love thee more than he can do. Lys.@If thou say so, withdraw, and prove it too. Dem.Quick, come! Her.@Lysander, whereto tends all this @@Lys.@Away, you Ethiope! Dem.@No, no, ############ Seem to break loose take on@ as you would follow, But yet co@me not you are a tame man, go! Lys.Hang off, thou cat, thou burr! vile thing, let loose, Or I will s@hake thee from me@ like a serpent! Her.@Why are you grown so rude@ what change is this@ Sweet love,-~ ######### love@! out, tawny Tartar, out! Out, loathed medicine! hated potion, hence! Her.@Do you not jest @Hel.@Yes, @sooth and so do you. Lys.@Demetrius, I will keep my word with thee. Dem.I would@ I had your bond, for@ I perceive@ A weak bond holds you I'll not trust your word. Lys.What, should I hurt her, strike her, kill her dead@ Although I hate her, I'll not harm her so. Her.@What, can you do me greater harm@ than hate @@Hate me! wherefore@ O me! what news, my love! Am not I Hermia@@ are not you Lysander @@I am as fair now@ as I was erewhile. Since night@ you loved me yet@ since night@ you left me Why, then you left me@-O, the gods forbid!-~In earnest, shall I say@ Lys.@Ay, by my life And never did desire to see thee more. Therefore@ be out of hope, of question, of doubt@ Be certain, nothing truer 'tis no jest@ That I do hate thee@ and love Helena. Her.@O me! you juggler! you canker@blossom! You thief of love! what, have you co@me by night@ And stolen my love's heart from him@ Hel.@Fine, i'faith! @@Have you no modesty, no maiden shame, No touch of bashfulne@s@s What, will you tear Impatient answers from my gentle tongue@ Fie, fie! you counterfeit, you puppet, you! Her.Puppet@ why so@ ay, that way goes the game. Now I perceive that she hath made compare Between our statures@ she hath urg@ed her height And with her personage, her tall personage, Her height, forsooth, she hath prevail'd with him. And are you grown so high in his esteem@ Because I am so dwarfish@ and so low@@ How low am I, thou painted Maypole@ speak How low am@@ I I am not yet so low@ But that my nails can reach unto thine eyes. Hel.I pray you, though you mock me, gentlemen, Let her not hurt me I was never curst I have no gift at all in shrewishness I am a right maid for my cowardice Let her not strike me. You@ perhaps@ may think, Because she is something lower than myself, That I can match her. Her.@Lower! hark, again. Hel.Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me. I evermore did love you, Hermia, Did ever keep your counsels, never wrong'd you Save that, in love unto Demetrius, I told him of your stealth unto this wood. He follow'd you for love@ I follow'd him@ But he hath chid me hence and threaten'd me To strike me, spurn me, nay, to kill me too And now, so you will let me quiet go, To Athens will I bear my folly back@ And follow you no further let me go You see how simple and how fond I am. Her.@Why, get you gone who is't that hinders you Hel.A foolish heart, that I leave here behind. Her.@What, with Lysander@ Hel.@With Demetrius. Lys.Be not afraid she shall not harm thee, Helena. Dem.No, sir, she shall not, though you take her part. @Hel.O, when she's angry, she is keen and shrewd! She was a vixen@ when she went to school And@ though she be but little, she is fierce. Her.'Little' again! nothing but 'low' and 'little'! Why will you suffer her to flout me thus@ Let me come to her. Lys.@Get you gone, you dwarf You minimus, of hindering knot-grass made You bead, you acorn. Dem.@You are too officious@ In her behalf that scorns your services. Let her alone speak not of Helena Take not her part for, if thou dost intend Never so little show of love to her, Thou shalt aby it. Lys.@Now she holds me not Now follow, if thou darest, to try whose right, Of thine or mine, is most in Helena. Dem.@Follow! nay, I'll go with thee, cheek by jole. Exeunt Lysander ################# mistress, all this coil is 'long of you Nay, go not back. Hel.I will not trust you, I, Nor longer stay in your curst company. Your hands@ than mine@ are quicker for a fray, My legs are longer though, to run away. Exit. Her.@I am amazed, and know not what to ######################## is thy negligence still thou mistakest, Or else committ'st thy knaveries wilfully. @Puck.@Believe me, king of shadows, I mistook. Did not you tell me@ I should know the man By the Athenian garment@ he had on@ And so far blameless proves my enterprise, That I have 'nointed an Athenian's eyes And so far am I glad it so did sort@ As this their jangling I esteem a sport. Obe.@Thou see'st@ these lovers seek a place to fight Hie therefore, Robin, overcast the night The starry welkin cover thou anon With drooping fog@ as black as Acheron, And lead these testy rivals so astray@ As one come not within another's way. Like to Lysander sometime frame thy tongue, Then stir Demetrius up with bitter wrong And sometime rail thou like Demetrius And from each other look thou lead them thus, @Till o'er their brows death-counterfeiting sleep With leaden legs and batty wings doth creep. Then crush this herb into Lysander's eye Whose liquor hath this virtuous property, To take from thence all error@ with his might, And make his eye@balls roll with wonted sight. When they next wake, all this derision Shall seem a dream@ and fruitless vision, And back to Athens shall the lovers wend, With league@ whose date till death shall never end. Whiles I in this affair do thee employ, I'll to my queen@ and beg her Indian boy And then I will her charmed eye release From monster's view, and all things shall be peace. Puck.My fairy lord, this must be done with haste, For night's swift dragons cut the clouds full fast, And yonder shines Aurora's harbinger At whose approach, ghosts, wandering here and there, Troop home to church@yards damned spirits all, That in cross@ways and floods have burial, Already to their wormy beds are gone For fear lest day should look their shames upon, They wilfully themselves exile from light@ And must for aye consort with black-brow'd night. Obe.@But we are spirits of another sort I with the morning's love have oft made sport, And, like a forester, the groves may tread, Even till the eastern gate, all fiery red, Opening on Neptune with fair blessed beams, Turns into yellow gold his salt green streams. But, notwithstanding, haste make no delay We may effect this business yet ere ####################### and down, up and down, I will lead them up and down I am fear'd in field and town Goblin, lead them up and down. Here co@mes one. ############### Lys.@Where art thou, proud Demetrius@ speak thou now. Puck.Here, villain drawn and ready. Where art thou@ Lys.@I will be with thee straight. Puck.Follow me, then, To plainer ground. Exit Lysander, voice. ########################## speak again@ Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled@ Speak! In some bush@@ Where dost thou hide thy head @Puck.@Thou coward, art thou bragging to the stars, Telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars, And wilt not co@me@ Co@me, recreant co@me, thou child I'll whip thee with a rod he is defiled@ That draws a sword on thee. Dem.@Yea, art thou there Puck.Follow my voice we'll try no @manhood here. Exeunt. Re-enter LYSANDER. Lys.@He goes before me@ and still dares me on When I co@me where he calls, then he is gone. The villain is much lighter-heel'd@ than I I follow'd fast, but faster he did fly That fallen am I in dark uneven way, And here will rest ### Come, thou gentle day!@@@@@@@@ For if but once thou show me thy grey light, I'll find Demetrius@ and revenge this spite. Sleeps. Re-enter @PUCK ##################### ho, ho! Coward, why comest thou not@ Dem.Abide me, if thou darest for well I wot@ Thou runn'st before me, shifting every place, And darest not stand, nor look me in the face. Where art thou ############ hither I am here. Dem.@Nay, then, thou mock'st me. Thou shalt buy this dear, If ever I thy face by day@light see Now, go thy way. Faintness constraineth me To measure out my length on this cold bed. By day's approach look to be visited. Lies down and sleeps. ############# Hel.@O weary night, O long and tedious night, Abate thy hours! Shine@ comforts@ from the east, That I may back to Athens@ by day@light, From these that my poor company detest And@ sleep, that sometimes shuts up sorrow's eye, Steal me a@while from mine own ####################### but three@@ Co@me one more Two of both kinds makes up four. Here she comes, curst@ and sad @Cupid is a knavish lad, Thus to make poor females mad. ############# Her.@Never so weary, never so in woe, Bedabbled with the dew@ and torn with briers, I can no further crawl, no further go My legs can keep no pace with my desires. Here will I rest me@ till the break of day. Heavens shield Lysander, if they mean a fray! Lies ############## the ground ######################## thy former lady's eye And the country proverb known, That every man should take his own, In your waking shall be shown @@@Jack shall have ################################################################################################################## the juice ####### When thou wakest, Thou takest True delight In the sight ##################################################################################################################################### sit thee down upon this flowery bed, While I thy amiable cheeks do coy, And stick musk-roses in thy sleek, smooth head, And kiss thy fair large ears, my gentle joy. Bot.@Where's Peaseblossom@ Peas.@Ready. Bot.@Scratch my head, Peaseblossom. Where's Mounsieur Cobweb @@Cob.@Ready. Bot.@Mounsieur Cobweb, good mounsieur, get you your wea@pons in your hand, and kill me a red-hipped humble-bee on the top of a thistle and, good mounsieur, bring me the honey-bag. Do not fret yourself too much in the action, mounsieur and, good mounsieur, have a care the honey-bag break not I would be loath to have you over@flown with a honey~bag, signior. Where's Mounsieur Mustard@seed@ Mus@.@Ready. Bot.@Give me your neaf, Mounsieur Mus~tard@seed. Pray you, leave your courtesy, good mounsieur. Mus@.@What's your will@ Bot.@Nothing, good mounsieur, but to help Cavalery Cob@web to scratch. I must to the barber's, monsieur for@ methinks@ I am mar~vellous hairy about the face and I am such a tender ass, if my hair do but tickle me, I must scratch. Tita.What, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love@ Bot.@I have a reasonable good ear in music. Let@'s have the tongs and the bones. Tita.Or@ say, sweet love, what thou desirest to eat. Bot.@Truly, a peck of provender I could munch your good dry oats. Methinks@ I have a great desire to a bottle of hay good hay, sweet hay, hath no fellow. @Tita.@I have a venturous fairy that shall seek The squirrel's hoard, and fetch thee new nuts. @Bot.@I had rather have a handfu@l or two@ of dried peas. But, I pray you, let none of your people stir me I have an exposition of sleep come upon me. Tita.Sleep thou, and I will wind thee in my arms. Fairies, be gone, and be all ways ######## doth the woodbine@ the sweet honeysuckle@ Gentle entwist@ the female ivy so Enrings the barky fingers of the elm. O, how I love thee! how I dote on thee. They ########################################### good Robin. See'st thou this sweet sight@ Her dotage now I do begin to pity@ For, meeting her of late@ behind the wood, Seeking sweet favo@rs from this hateful fool, I did upbraid her@ and fall out with her For she his hairy temples then had rounded With coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers And that same dew, which sometime on the buds Was wont to swell@ like round and orient pearls, Stood now within the pretty flowerets' eyes@ Like tears@ that did their own disgrace bewail. When I had@ at my pleasure@ taunted her@ And she@ in mild terms@ begg'd my patience, I then did ask of her her changeling child Which straight she gave me, and her fairy sent To bear him to my bower in fairy land. And now I have the boy, I will undo This hateful imperfection of her eyes@ And, gentle Puck, take this transformed scalp From off the head of this Athenian swain That, he awaking when the other do, May all to Athens back again repair And think no more of this night's accidents@ But as the fierce vexation of a dream. But first I will release the fairy queen. Be@ as thou wast wont to ############################ as thou wast wont to see Dian's bud o'er Cupid's flower Hath such force and blessed power. Now, my Titania wake you, my sweet queen. Tita.My Oberon! what visions have I seen! Methought@ I was enamour'd of an ass. Obe.@There lies your love. @Tita.@How came these things to pa@ss O, how mine eyes do loathe his visage now! Obe.@Silence@ a@while. Robin, take off this I head. Titania, music call and strike more dead Than common sleep@ of all these five the sense. Tita.Music, ho! music, such as charmeth ################# when thou wakest, with thine own fool's eyes peep. ############################ Come, my queen, take hands with me, And rock th@e ground whereon these sleepers be. Now thou and I are new in amity, And will@ to-morrow midnight@ solemnly@ Dance in Duke Theseus' house triumphantly And bless it to all fair prosperity There shall the pairs of faithful lovers be Wedded, with Theseus, all in jollity. Puck.Fairy king, attend, and mark I do hear the morning lark. Obe.@Then, my queen, in silence sad, Trip we after@@@@ night's shade We the globe can compass soon, Swifter than the wandering moon. Tita.Co@me, my lord, and in our flight@ Tell me how it came this night@ That I sleeping here was found@ With these mortals@ on the ground. ############################################### and train. The.Go, one of you, find out the forester For now our observation is perform'd And since we have the vaward of the day, My love shall hear the music of my hounds. Uncouple in the western valley go @Dispatch, I say, and find the ############ will, fair queen, up to the mountain's top, And mark the musical confusion Of hounds and echo in conjunction. Hip.I was with Hercules@ and Cadmus@ once, When in a wood of Crete they bay'd the bear With hounds of Sparta never did I hear Such gallant chiding for, besides the groves, The skies, the fountains, every region near Seem'd all one mutual cry I never heard So musical a discord, such sweet thunder. The.My hounds are bred out of the Spartan kind, So flew'd, so sanded, and their heads are hung With ears that sweep away the morning dew Crook-knee'd, and dew-lapp'd like Thessalian bulls Slow in pursuit, but match'd in mouth like bells, Each under each. A cry more tuneable Was never holla'd to, nor cheer'd with horn, In Crete, in Sparta, nor in Thessaly Judge when you hear. But, soft! what nymphs are these@ Ege.@My lord, this is my daughter here asleep And this@ Lysander this Demetrius is This Helena, old Nedar's Helena I wonder of their being here together. The.@No doubt@ they rose up early@ to observe The rite of May, and, hearing our intent, Came here in grace of our solemnity. But@ speak, Egeus is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice @Ege@.@It is, my lord. The.Go, bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns. Horns@ and shouts ############################################# wake and start up. @@@Good morrow, friends. Saint Valentine is past Begin these wood-birds but to couple now@ Lys.Pardon, my ############################################### you all, stand up. I know@ you two are rival enemies How co@mes this gentle concord in the world, That hatred is so far from jealousy, To sleep by hate, and fear no enmity@ Lys.My lord, I shall reply amazedly, Half @sleep, half waking but as yet, I swear, I cannot truly say how I came here But, as I think,-for truly would I speak, And now I do bethink me, so it is,-~I came with Hermia hither our intent Was@ to be gone from Athens, where we might@@, Without the peril of the Athenian law. Ege.Enough, enough, my lord you have enough I beg the law, the law, upon his head. They would have stolen away@ they would, Demetrius, Thereby to have defeated you and me, You@ of your wife and me@ of my consent, Of my consent that she should be your wife. Dem.My lord, fair Helen told me of their stealth, Of this their purpose hither@ to this wood And I in fury hither follow'd them, Fair Helena in fancy following me. But, my good lord, I wot not by what power,-~But by some power it is,-my love to Hermia, Melted as @@th@@@e snow, seems to me now As the remembrance of an idle gaud@ Which in my childhood I did dote upon And all the faith, the virtue of my heart, The object@ and the pleasure of mine eye, Is only Helena. To her, my lord, Was I betroth'd ere I saw Hermia But, like in sickness, did I loathe this food But, as in health, co@me to my natural taste, Now I do wish it, love it, long for it, And will for evermore be true to it. The.Fair lovers, you are fortunately met Of this discourse we more will hear anon. Egeus, I will overbear your will For in the temple, by and by, with us@ These couples shall eternally be knit@ And, for the morning now is something worn, Our purposed hunting shall be set aside. Away@ with us@ to Athens three and three, We'll hold a feast in great solemnity. Co@me, Hippolyta. ######################## and train. Dem.@These things seem small@ and undistinguishable, Like far-off mountains turned into clouds. Her.@Methinks@ I see these things with parted eye, When every thing seems double. Hel.So methinks And I have found Demetrius like a jewel, Mine own, and not mine own. ################### That yet we sleep, we dream. Do not you think@ The duke was here, and bid us follow him@ Her.@Yea and my father. Hel.@And Hippolyta. Lys.And he did bid us follow to the temple. Dem.@Why, then, we are awake let's follow him And@ by the way@ let us recount our dreams. ############################################ my cue comes, call me, and I will answer @my next is, 'Most fair Pyramus.' Heigh-ho! Peter Quince! Flute, the bellows-mender! Snout, the tinker! Star~veling! God's my life, stolen hence, and left me asleep! I have had a most rare vision. I have had a dream, past the wit of man to say what dream it was man is but an ass, if he go about to expound this dream. Methought I was-there is no man can tell what. Me~thought I was,-and methought I had,-but man is but a patched fool, if he will offer to say what methought I had. The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man's hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was. I will get Peter Quince to write a ballad of this dream it shall be call@ed Bottom's Dream, because it hath no bottom and I will sing it in the latter end of a play, be~fore the duke per@adventure, to make it the more gracious, I shall sing it at her death. Exit. ######## ########################### house. ######################################## you sent to Bottom's house@ is he come home yet@@ Star.@He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt@ he is transported. Flu.@If he come not, then the play is marred it goes not forward, doth it Quin.It is not possible you have not a man in all Athens@ able to discharge Pyramus@ but he. Flu.No, he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man in Athens. Quin.Yea, and the best person too and he is a very paramour@ for a sweet voice. @Flu.@You must say 'paragon a paramour is, God bless us, a thing of naught. Enter SNUG. Snug.@Masters, the duke is coming from the temple, and there is two or three lords and ladies more married if our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men. Flu.@O sweet bully Bottom! Thus hath he lost six@pence a day during his life he could not have 'scaped six@pence a day an the duke had not given him six@pence a day for playing Pyramus, I'll be hanged he would have deserved it six@pence a day@ in Pyramus, or nothing. Enter BOTTOM. Bot.@Where are these lads@@ where are these hearts@@ ############# O most courageous day! O most happy hour! Bot.@Masters, I am to discourse wonders but ask me not what for@ if I tell you, I am no true Athenian. I will tell you every thing, right as it fell out. Quin.Let us hear, sweet Bottom. Bot.@Not a word of me. A@l@@@@l I will tell you@ is, that the duke hath dined. Get your apparel together, good strings to your beards, new ribbons to your pumps meet presently at the palace every man look o'er his part for@ the short and the long is, our play is pre~ferred. In any case, let Thisby have clean linen and let not him@ that plays the lion@ pair his nails, for they shall hang out for the lion's claws. And, most dear actors, eat no onions@ nor garlic@, for we are to utter sweet breath and I do not doubt but to hear them say, it is a sweet co@medy. No more words away! go, ############################################################ THESEUS. Enter ################################ and Attendants. @Hip.'Tis strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak of. The.More strange than true@ I never may believe These antique fables, nor these fairy toys. Lovers@ and madmen@ have such seething brains, Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends. The lunatic@, the lover@ and the poet@ Are of imagination all compact One sees more devils than vast hell can hold, That is, the madman the lover, all as frantic@, See@s Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt The poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling, Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven And@ as imagination bodies forth The fo@rms of things unknown, the poet's pen Turns them to shapes@ and gives to airy nothing A local habitation@ and a name. Such tricks hath strong imagination, That, if it would but apprehend some joy, It comprehends some bringer of that joy @@Or@ in the night, imagining some fear, How easy is a bush supposed a bear! Hip.But all the story of the night told over, And all their minds transfigured so together, More witnesseth than fancy's images@ And grows to something of great constancy But, howsoever, strange@ and admirable. ######################################################################################################################################### Accompany your hearts! Lys.@More than to us Wait in your royal walks, your board, your bed! The.Co@me now what masques, what dances shall we have, To wear away this long age of three hours@ Between our after-supper@ and bed-time@ Where is our usual manager of mirth @@What revels are in hand@@ Is there no play, To ease the anguish of a torturing hour @@Call Philostrate. Phil@@@.@Here, mighty Theseus. The.@Say, what abridgement have you for this evening@ What masque what music @@How shall we beguile The lazy time, if not with some delight@ Phil@@@.@There is a brief@ how many sports are ripe Make choice of which your highness will see first. ############################################### eunuch to the harp.' We'll none of that that have I told my love, In glory of my kinsman Hercules. ################### ############## singer in their rage.' That is an old device and it was play'd When I from Thebes came last a ##################### three Muses for ##################### deceased in beggary.' That is some satire, keen@ and critical, Not sorting with a nuptial ceremony. ########## scene of young Pyramus And ############# very tragical @mirth.' Merry and tragical! tedious and brief! That is, hot ice@ and wond@rous strange snow. How shall we find the concord of this discord@ P@hil@@@.@A play there is, my lord, some ten words long, Which is as brief as I have known a play But by ten words, my lord, it is too long, Which makes it tedious for in all the play There is not one word apt, one player fitted@ And tragical, my noble lord, it is For Pyramus therein doth kill himself. Which, when I saw rehearsed, I must confess, Made mine eyes water but more merry tears The passion of loud laughter never shed. The.What are they@ that do play it@ Phil@@@.@Hard-handed men@ that work in Athens here, Which never labo@r'd in their minds till now, And now have toil'd their unbreathed memories With this same play, against your nuptial. The.And we will hear it. Phil@@@.@No, my noble lord@ It is not for you I have heard it over, And it is nothing, nothing in the world Unless you can find sport in their intents, Extremely stretch'd@ and conn'd with cruel pain, To do you service. The.I will hear that play For never any@thing can be amiss, When simpleness and duty tender it. Go, bring them in @and take your places, ladies. Exit Philostrate. Hip.I love not to see wretchedness o'ercharged@ And duty in his service perishing. The.Why, gentle sweet, you shall see no such thing. Hip.He says@ they can do nothing in this kind. The.The kinder we, to give them thanks for nothing. Our sport shall be@ to take what they mistake And what poor duty cannot do, noble respect Takes it in might, not merit. Where I have co@me, great clerks have purposed To greet me with premeditated welcomes Where I have seen them shiver@ and look pale, Make periods in the midst of sentences, Throttle their practised accent in their fears@ And@ in conclusion@ dumbly have broke off, Not paying me a welcome. Trust me, sweet, Out of this silence@ yet@ I pick'd a welcome And in the modesty of fearful duty I read as much@@@@ from the rattling tongue Of saucy and audacious eloquence. Love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity@ I@n least@ speak most, to my capacity. ############################## please your grace, the Prologue is address'd. The. Let him approach. ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## fellow doth not stand upon points. Lys.He hath rid his prologue@ like a rough colt he knows not the stop. A good moral, my lord it is not enough to speak, but to speak true. Hip.Indeed he hath played on @his prologue@ like a child on a recorder a sound, but not in government. The.His speech was like a tangled chain@ nothing impaired, but all disordered. Who is next@ Enter ################################################################# perchance@ you wonder at this show But wonder on, till truth make all things plain. This man is Pyramus, if you would know This beauteous lady Thisby is@ certain. This man, with lime and rough-cast, doth present Wall, that vile Wall which did these lovers sunder And through Wall's chink, poor souls, they are content To whisper. At the which let no man wonder. This man, with lanthorn, dog, and bush of thorn, Presenteth @Moon@shine for, if you will know, By moon@shine did these lovers think no scorn To meet at Ninus' tomb, there, there to woo. This grisly beast, ############################# trusty Thisby, coming first by night, Did scare away, or rather did affright And, as she fled, her mantle she did fall, Which Lion vile with bloody mouth did stain. Anon co@mes Pyramus, sweet youth@ and tall, And finds his trusty Thisby's mantle slain Whereat, with blade, with bloody blameful blade, He bravely broach'd his boiling bloody breast And@ Thisby, tarrying in mulberry shade, His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest, Let Lion, Moon@shine, Wall, and lovers twain@ At large discourse, while here they do remain, Exeunt ######################## Moonshine. The.@I wonder@ if the lion be to speak. Dem.@No wonder, my lord one lion may, when many asses do. Wall.In this same interlude@ it doth befall@ That I, one Snout by name, present a wall And such a wall, as I would have you think, That had in it a crannied hole@ or chink, Through which the lovers, Pyramus and Thisby, Did whisper often very secretly. This loam, this rough-cast@ and this stone@ doth show That I am that same wall the truth is so And this the cranny is, right and sinister, Through which the fearful lovers are to whisper. The.Would you desire lime and hair to speak better@ Dem.@It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard dis@course, my ################# draws near the wall ############################# grim-look'd night! O night with hue so black! O night, which ever art@ when day is not! O @night, O night! alack, alack, alack, I fear my Thisby's promise is forgot! And thou, O wall, O sweet, O lovely wall, That stand'st between her father's ground and mine! Thou wall, O wall, O sweet and lovely wall, Show me thy chink, to blink through with mine eyne! Wall #################### courteous wall Jove shield thee well for this! But what see I@ No Thisby do I see. O wicked wall, through whom I see no bliss! Curst be thy stones for thus deceiving me! The.The wall, methinks, being sensible, should curse again. Pyr.@No. in truth, sir, he should not. 'De~ceiving me' is Thisby's cue she is to enter now, and I am to spy her through the wall. You shall see, it will fall pat as I told you. Yonder she co@mes. Enter ############## wall, full often hast thou heard my @moans, For parting my fair Pyramus and me! My cherry lips have often kiss'd thy stones, Thy stones with lime and hair knit up in thee. Pyr.@I see a voice now will I to the chink, To spy an I can hear my Thisby's face.e. Thisby! This.My love@ thou art, my love@ I think. Pyr.@Think what thou wilt, I am thy lover's grace And, like Limander, am I trusty still. This.And I like Helen, till the Fates me kill. Pyr.@Not Shafalus to Procrus was so true. This.As Shafalus to Procrus, I to you. Pyr.O, kiss me through the hole of this vile wall! This.I kiss the wall's hole, not your lips at all. Pyr.@@Wilt thou at Ninny's tomb meet me straightway@ This.'Tide life, 'tide death, I come without delay. ######### have I, Wall, my part discharged so And, being done, thus Wall away doth go. ######################### is the mural down between the two neigh@bours. Dem.@No remedy, my lord, when walls are so wilful to hear without warning. Hip.This is the silliest stuff that ever I heard. The.@The best in this kind are but shadows and the worst are no worse, if imagination amend them. Hip.It must be your imagination then, and not theirs. The.If we imagine no worse of them@ than they of them@selves, they may pass for excel~lent men. Here come two noble beasts in, a m@an@ and a ########################################### ladies, you, whose gentle hearts do fear The smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor, May now@ perchance@ both quake and tremble here, When lion rough in wildest rage doth roar. Then know@ that I, one Snug the joiner, am A lion-fell, nor else no lion's dam For, if I should as lion come in strife Into this place, 'twere pity on my life. The.A very gentle beast, and of a good conscience. Dem.@The very best at a beast, my lord, that e'er I saw. Lys.This lion is a very fox for his valo@r. The.True and a goose for his discretion. Dem.@Not so, my lord for his valo@r can~not carry his discretion and the fox carries the goose. The.@His discretion, I am sure, cannot carry his valo@r for the goose carries not the fox. It is well leave it to his discretion, and let us listen to the moon. Moon.This lanthorn doth the horned moon present -~ Dem.@He should have worn the horns on his head. The.He is no crescent, and his horns are invisible within the circumference. Moon.This lanthorn doth the horned moon present Myself the man i' the moon do seem to be. The.This is the greatest error of all the rest the man should be put into the lanthorn. How is it else the man i' the moon@ Dem.@He dares not co@me there for t@he candle for, you see, it is already in snuff. Hip.I am aweary of this moon would@ he would change! The.@It appears, by his small light of dis~cretion, that he is in the wane but yet, in courtesy, in all reason, we must stay the time. Lys.@Proceed, Moon. Moon.@All that I have to say, is, to tell you@ that the lanthorn is the moon I, the man in the moon this thorn-bush, my thorn-bush and this dog, my dog. Dem.@Why, all these should be in the lan~thorn for these are in the moon. But, silence! here ######################### is old Ninny's tomb. Where is my love ####################################### roared, Lion. The.Well run, Thisbe. Hip.Well shone, Moon. Truly, the moon shines with a good grace. ######################################################################################################### thee for thy sunny beams I thank thee, Moon, for shining now so bright For, by thy gracious, golden, glittering @gleams, I trust to ta@ke of true@@ Thisby@@ sight. But stay, O spite! But mark, poor knight, What dreadful dole is here! Eyes, do you see@ How can it be @@O dainty duck! O dear@! Thy mantle good, What, stain'd with blood! Approach, ye Furies ############################################################################# come, come, Cut thread and thrum Quail, crush, conclude, and quell! The.This passion, and the death of a dear friend, would go near to make a man look sad. Hip.Beshrew my heart, but I pity the man. Pyr.@@O wherefore, Nature, didst thou lions frame@ Since lion vile hath here deflower'd my dear Which is-no, no-which was the fairest dame@ That lived, that loved, that liked, that look'd@ with cheer. Co@me, tears, confound Out, sword, and wound The pap of Pyramus Ay, that left pap, Where heart doth ######## die I, thus, thus, thus. Now am I dead, Now am I fled My soul is in the sky Tongue, lose thy light@ Moon, take thy ########## die, die, die, die, die. ########## die, but an ace, for him for he is but one. Lys.@Less than an ace, man for he is dead he is no@thing. The.With the help of a surgeon@ he might yet recover, and prove an ass. Hip.How chance Moonshine is gone@ be~fore Thisbe co@mes back and finds her lover@ The.She will find him by star@light. Here she comes and her passion ends the ############### she should not use a long one@ for such a Pyra@mus I hope@ she will be brief. Dem.A mot@e will turn the balance, which Pyramus, which Thisbe, is the better@ ################################################################# thus she ####################### my love@ What, dead, my dove@ O Pyramus, arise! Speak, speak. Quite dumb@ Dead, dead@ A tomb Must cover thy sweet eyes. These lily @lips, This cherry nose, These yellow cowslip cheeks, Are gone, are gone Lovers, make moan His eyes were green as leeks. O Sisters Three, Co@me, come@ to me, With hands as pale as milk Lay them in gore, Since you have shore With shears his thread of ##################### not a word @Come, trusty sword Come, blade, my breast imbrue And, farewell, friends @Thus Thisby ends Adieu, adieu, adieu. ##################### and Lion are left to bury the dead. Dem.@Ay, and Wall too. ######## I assure you the wall is down that parted their fathers. Will it please you to see the epilogue, or to hear a Bergomask dance@ between two of our company@ The.No epilogue, I pray you for your play needs no excuse. Never excuse for when the players are all dead, there need none to be blamed. Marry, if he that writ it@ had played Pyramus@ and hanged himself in Thisbe's gar@ter, it would have been a fine tragedy and so it is, truly and very notably discharged. But, come, your Bergomask let your epilogue alone.one. ####################### iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve Lovers, to bed 'tis almost fairy time. I fear@ we shall out-sleep the coming morn@ As much as we this night have overwatch'd. This palpable-gross play hath well beguiled The heavy gait of night. Sweet friends, to bed. A fortnight hold we this solemnity, In nightly revels@ and new ######################################## Puck.Now the hungry lion roars@ And the wolf behowls the moon Whilst the heavy ploughman snores, All with weary task fordone. Now the wasted brands do glow, Whilst the screech-owl, screeching loud, Puts the wretch@ that lies in woe@ In remembrance of a shroud. Now it is the time of night@ That the graves@ all gaping wide, Every one lets forth his sprite, In the church-way paths to glide And we fairies, that do run By the triple Hecate's team, From the presence of the su@n, Following darkness like a dream, Now are frolic@ not a mouse Shall disturb this hallow'd house I am sent@ with broom@ before, To sweep the dust behind the door. Enter ####################### train. Obe.Through th@e house give glimmering light, By the dead and drowsy fire Every elf@ and fairy sprite@ Hop as light as bird from brier And this ditty, after me, Sing, and dance it trippingly. Tita.First, rehearse your song by rote, To each word a warbling note@ Hand in hand, with fairy grace, Will we sing, and bless this place. ########################## until the break of day, Through this house each fairy stray. To the best bride-bed will we, Which by us shall blessed be And the issue@ there create@ Ever shall be fortunate. So shall all the couples three Ever true in loving be And the blots of Nature's hand Shall not in their issue stand Never mole, hare lip, nor scar, Nor mark prodigious, such as are Despised in nativity, Shall upon their children be. With this field-dew consecrate, Every fairy take his gait And each several chamber bless, Through this palace, with sweet peace ################ safety ############################### Meet me all by break ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################