[OCR_toInput] THE HMOS’ COMPLAINT London :—H. SUCH, Machine Printer and Publisher, 177, Union Street, Boro.,—S.E. You miners all attend to these lines that I have penn’d Concerning the reduction of our pay, Jit the present time you know, our wages are so low, We can hardly earn half-a-cvown a day. V A precarious trade is the miners, 25AP/8 And that the coal and iron-masters know, If we strike, they say we’ll starve, and that we ddiPt deserve, If we go to work we might be killed below. For these two or three years gone by, miner’s wages they were high, But now they’ve got a great and sudden fall ! To support our wives and bairns it takes now all one earns, It’s a wonder how poor colliers live at all. When the coals they were so dear, the people far and near> The poor colliers got the blame you may be bound> But the masters I declare, always claim the lion’s share) For we only get two shillings in the pound. Mine owners they are hard, and do not us regard, For they’re all a set of greedy grabbing knaves ; Down in the gloomy mine, where the sun does never shine, They keep us working for them there like slaves. They’ve their halls and pleasure grounds their coaches, horses, and hounds, And they live upon the fat from off the land, Going to operas, balls, and plays, they spend their nights and days, Never thinking on the honest working man. If our masters only knew the hardships we go through, While toiling for our bread beneath the ground, They would with us sympathize, and their workmen they would prize, For the miners all the wealth for them have found. M’Donald is our friend, and on him we may depend, The advice he gives is good we can’t deny ; He wants us to combine, and the ‘ Unicn ’ all to join Then our tyrannic masters we’d defy. PADDYCASEY $ Paddy Carey is the name of the boy I’m going to sing, He’s a regular true-born Irish lad, and as happy as a king; He lately came of age, and such a knowing card, For he resolved to hold a levee down in Laundry Yard. And you should have seen us there, a treat I do declare, All so frisky, drunk on whisky, driving away despair, There was fighting to be sure, for you could hear them squall, The night was spent in devilment at Paddy Carey’s Ball. The Ball took place as you shall hear, one winters night iu June, There was about three dozen people, just enough to fill the room ; The piper was perched upon the chair, ’twas a treat to hear him call, Now, my lads, let’s have a jig, and that commenced the ball. There was eating, there was drinking, there was whis ky in galore, Some were drunk upon the seats, some laid on the floor, Paddy Carey’s chairman, sure, was in a bran new suit of togs, And some walked in with dancing pumps, and some came in clogs. The dancing went on all serene, and some songs were sung, , . And just by the way of a little treat the cushion dance begun; . Paddy Carey jealous got, because the piper kissed his w if e He took the poker from the grate, and swore he’d take his life, The blood it poured down his face, like a madman he did shout, Murder ! murder! fetch the police—I’ll have them all turned out.
[OCR_aligned] @THE @@HMOS’ COMPLAINT London :—H. SUCH, Machine Printer and Publisher, 177, Union Street, Boro.,—S.E. You miners all attend to these lines that I have penn’d Concerning the reduction of our pay, Jit the present time you know, our wages are so low, We can hardly earn half-a-cvown a day. V A precarious trade is the miners, 25AP/8 And that the coal and iron-masters know, If we strike, they say we’ll starve, and that we ddiPt deserve, If we go to work we might be killed below. For these two or three years gone by, miner’s wages they were high, But now they’ve got a great and sudden fall ! To support our wives and bairns it takes now all one earns, It’s a wonder how poor colliers live at all. When the coals they were so dear, the people far and near> The poor colliers got the blame you may be bound> But the masters I declare, always claim the lion’s share) For we only get two shillings in the pound. Mine owners they are hard, and do not us regard, For they’re all a set of greedy grabbing knaves ; Down in the gloomy mine, where the sun does never shine, They keep us working for them there like slaves. They’ve their halls and pleasure grounds their coaches, horses, and hounds, And they live upon the fat from off the land, Going to operas, balls, and plays, they spend their nights and days, Never thinking on the honest working man. If our masters only knew the hardships we go through, While toiling for our bread beneath the ground, They would with us sympathize, and their workmen they would prize, For the miners all the wealth for them have found. M’Donald is our friend, and on him we may depend, The advice he gives is good we can’t deny ; He wants us to combine, and the ‘ Unicn ’ all to join Then our tyrannic masters we’d defy. PADDY@CASEY@@ @@@@$ Paddy Carey is the name of the boy I’m going to sing, He’s a regular true-born Irish lad, and as happy as a king@; He lately came of age, and such a knowing card, For he resolved to hold a levee down in Laundry Yard. And you should have seen us there, a treat I do declare, All so frisky, drunk on whisky, driving away despair, There was fighting to be sure, for you could hear them squall, The night was spent in devilment at Paddy Carey’s Ball. The Ball took place as you shall hear, one winters night iu June, There was about three dozen people, just enough to fill the room ; The piper was perched upon the chair, ’twas a treat to hear him call, Now, my lads, let’s have a jig, and that commenced the ball. There was eating, there was drinking, there was whis@ ky in galore, Some were drunk upon the seats, some laid on the floor, Paddy Carey’s chairman, sure, was in a bran new suit of togs, And some walked in with dancing pumps, and some came in clogs. The dancing went on all serene, and some songs were sung, , . And just by the way of a little treat the cushion dance begun; . Paddy Carey jealous got, because the piper kissed his w if e He took the poker from the grate, and swore he’d take his life, The blood it poured down his face, like a madman he did shout, Murder ! murder@! fetch the police—I’ll have them all turned out.
[ GS_aligned]  THE MINERS' COMPLAINT London : H. SUCH, Machine Printer and Publisher, 177, Union Street, Boro., S.E. You miners all attend to these lines that I have penn’d Concerning the reduction of our pay, @At the present time you know, our wages are so low, We can hardly earn half-a-crown a day.@@ A precarious trade is the miners,@@@@@@@ And that the coal and iron-masters know, If we strike, they say we’ll starve, and that we don’t deserve, If we go to work we might be killed below. For these two or three years gone by, miner’s wages they were high, But now they’ve got a great and sudden fall ! To support our wives and bairns it takes now all one earns, It’s a wonder how poor colliers live at all. When the coals they were so dear, the people far and near  The poor colliers got the blame you may be bound  But the masters I declare, always claim the lion’s share, For we only get two shillings in the pound. Mine owners they are hard, and do not us regard, For they’re all a set of greedy grabbing knaves ; Down in the gloomy mine, where the sun does never shine, They keep us working for them there like slaves. They’ve their halls and pleasure grounds their coaches, horses, and hounds, And they live upon the fat from off the land, Going to operas, balls, and plays, they spend their nights and days, Never thinking on the honest working man. If our masters only knew the hardships we go through, While toiling for our bread beneath the ground, They would with us sympathize, and their workmen they would prize, For the miners all the wealth for them have found. M’Donald is our friend, and on him we may depend, The advice he gives is good we can’t deny ; He wants us to combine, and the ‘ Union ’ all to join Then our tyrannic masters we’d defy. PADDY CAREY'S BALL. Paddy Carey is the name of the boy I’m going to sing, He’s a regular true-born Irish lad, and as happy as a king ; He lately came of age, and such a knowing card, For he resolved to hold a levee down in Laundry Yard. And you should have seen us there, a treat I do declare, All so frisky, drunk on whisky, driving away despair, There was fighting to be sure, for you could hear them squall, The night was spent in devilment at Paddy Carey’s Ball. The Ball took place as you shall hear, one winters night i  June, There was about three dozen people, just enough to fill the room ; The piper was perched upon the chair, ’twas a treat to hear him call, Now, my lads, let’s have a jig, and that commenced the ball. There was eating, there was drinking, there was whis- ky in galore, Some were drunk upon the seats, some laid on the floor, Paddy Carey’s chairman, sure, was in a bran new suit of togs, And some walked in with dancing pumps, and some came in clogs. The dancing went on all serene, and some songs were sung@@,@@ And just by the way of a little treat the cushion dance begun@ ; Paddy Carey jealous got, because the piper kissed his w@ife, He took the poker from the grate, and swore he’d take his life, The blood it poured down his face, like a madman he did shout, Murder ! murder ! fetch the police I’ll have them all turned out.
