[OCR_toInput] SECT II.] HENRY V. AND THE LORD CHIEF JUSTICE. 75 Nay more, to spurn at your most royal image, And mock your workings in a second body. Question your royal thoughts ; make the case yours ; Be now the father, and propose a son ; Hear your own dignity so much profaned, See your most dreadful laws so loosely slighted, Behold yourself so by a son disdained ; And then imagine me taking your part, And, in your power, soft silencing your son ; After this cold considerance, sentence me ; And as you are a king, speak in your state, What I have done that misbecame my place, My person, or my liege’s sovereignty. K. You are right, Justice, and you weigh this well, Therefore, still bear the balance and the sword ; And I do wish your honours may increase Till you do live to see a son of mine Offend you, and obey you, as I did. So shall I live to speak my father’s words :— ‘ Happy am I, that have a man so bold, That dares do justice on my proper son ; And no less happy, having such a son, That would deliver up his greatness so Into the hands of justice ’. You did commit me ; For which I do commit into your hand The unstained sword that you have used to bear; With this remembrance, —that you use the same, With the like bold, just, and impartial spirit, As you have done ’gainst me. There is my hand ; You shall be as a father to my youth ; My voice shall sound as you do prompt mine ear; And I will stoop and humble my intents To your well-practised wise directions. 159-7. —King Henry IV., II. v. 2.
[OCR_aligned] SECT II.] HENRY @V. AND THE LORD CHIEF JUSTICE. 75 Nay more, to spurn at your most royal image, And mock your workings in a second body. Question your royal thoughts ; make the case yours ; Be now the father, and propose a son ; Hear your own dignity so much profaned, See your most dreadful laws so loosely slighted, Behold yourself so by a son disdained ; And then imagine me taking your part, And, in your power, soft silencing your son ; After this cold considerance, sentence me ; And as you are a king, speak in your state, What I have done that misbecame my place, My person, or my liege’s sovereignty. K. You are right, Justice, and you weigh this well, Therefore, still bear the balance and the sword ; And I do wish your honours may increase Till you do live to see a son of mine Offend you, and obey you, as I did. So shall I live to speak my father’s words :— ‘ Happy am I, that have a man so bold, That dares do justice on my proper son ; And no less happy, having such a son, That would deliver up his greatness so Into the hands of justice ’. You did commit me ; For which I do commit into your hand The unstained sword that you have used to bear@; With this remembrance, —that you use the same, With the like bold, just, and impartial spirit, As you have done ’gainst me. There is my hand ; You shall be as a father to my youth ; My voice shall sound as you do prompt mine ear@; And I will stoop and humble my intents To your well-practised wise directions. @@159-7.@ @@@—King @@Henry IV., @@II. @@@v. 2.
[ GS_aligned]  75  King Henry IV.@@@, II. @@v. @@@2. @@@@@@1597. Nay more, to spurn at your most royal image, And mock your workings in a second body. Question your royal thoughts ; make the case yours ; Be now the father, and propose a son ; Hear your own dignity so much profaned, See your most dreadful laws so loosely slighted, Behold yourself so by a son disdained ; And then imagine me taking your part, And, in your power, soft silencing your son ; After this cold considerance, sentence me ; And as you are a king, speak in your state, What I have done that misbecame my place, My person, or my liege's sovereignty. K. You are right, Justice, and you weigh this well, Therefore, still bear the balance and the sword ; And I do wish your honours may increase Till you do live to see a son of mine Offend you, and obey you, as I did. So shall I live to speak my father's words :  ' Happy am I, that have a man so bold, That dares do justice on my proper son ; And no less happy, having such a son, That would deliver up his greatness so Into the hands of justice '. You did commit me ; For which I do commit into your hand The unstained sword that you have used to bear ; With this remembrance,  that you use the same, With the like bold, just, and impartial spirit, As you have done 'gainst me. There is my hand ; You shall be as a father to my youth ; My voice shall sound as you do prompt mine ear ; And I will stoop and humble my intents To your well-practised wise directions. SECT II.] HENRY V. AND THE LORD CHIEF JUSTICE.
