[OCR_toInput] 300 A PLEASANT HISTOBIE knowne nothing, but looking behinde him, espy ed the Priest. Then he alighted downe, and said unto him : Thou shalt never more escape me, thy life is lost. With that, the Priest held up his hands and said, heere is a hundred peeces of gold, take them and let me goe. So Push tooke the golde and let the Priest goe. And when his master came home, he gave him the liaise of his money and bad him farewell, for he would goe see the w r orld. How Push became servant to a Gentleman, and bow the Devill was coniured out of the body of the Gentle man’s daughter. When Push was departed from the husbandman, he went abroad in the countrey, to looke if he could find any more adventures : and so long he travailed about, that at last he espyed a Gentleman’s place, unto the which he tooke his way. And when he was come thither, as chance w r as, he found the gentleman walking up and down before his gate. And when Push was approached neare unto him, he put off bis bonet and saluted him saying : Pest you merry good Gentleman : Welcome said he : Sir, said Push, I am a poore young man and am out of service, and faine would I have a good master. What countryman art thou said the Gentleman and from whence commest thou ? Sir, said Push, I was borne farre hence and many a, myle have I gone to seeke a good service, but none can I find. What canst thou doe said the Gentleman, and what is thy name F Sir said Push, I can doe any manner of thing that shall please.
[OCR_aligned] @300 A PLEASANT HISTOBIE knowne nothing, but looking behinde him, espy ed the Priest. Then he alighted downe, and said unto him : Thou shalt never more escape me, thy life is lost. With that, the Priest held up his hands and said, heere is a hundred peeces of gold, take them and let me goe. So Push tooke the golde and let the Priest goe. And when his master came home, he gave him the liaise of his money and bad him farewell, for he would goe see the w r orld. How Push became servant to a Gentleman, and bow the Devill was coniured out of the body of the Gentle@ man’s daughter. When Push was departed from the husbandman, he went abroad in the countrey, to looke if he could find any more adventures : and so long he travailed about, that at last he espyed a Gentleman’s place, unto the which he tooke his way. And when he was come thither, as chance w r as, he found the gentleman walking up and down before his gate. And when Push was approached neare unto him, he put off bis bonet and saluted him saying : Pest you merry good Gentleman : Welcome said he : Sir, said Push, I am a poore young man and am out of service, and faine would I have a good master. What countryman art thou said the Gentleman and from whence commest thou ? Sir, said Push, I was borne farre hence and many a, myle have I gone to seeke a good service, but none can I find. What canst thou doe said the Gentleman, and what is thy name F Sir said Push, I can doe any manner of thing that shall please.
[ GS_aligned]  300 A PLEASANT HISTORIE knowne nothing, but looking behinde him, espy@ed the Priest. Then he alighted downe, and said unto him : Thou shalt never more escape me, thy life is lost. With that, the Priest held up his hands and said, heere is a hundred peeces of gold, take them and let me goe. So Rush tooke the golde and let the Priest goe. And when his master came home, he gave him the hali’e of his money and bad him farewell, for he would goe see the w@@@orld. How Rush became servant to a Gentleman, and how the Devill was coniured out of the body of the Gentle- man’s daughter. WHEN Rush was departed from the husbandman, he went abroad in the countrey, to looke if he could find any more adventures : and so long he travailed about, that at last he espyed a Gentleman’s place, unto the which he tooke his way. And when he was come thither, as chance w@@@as, he found the gentleman walking up and down before his gate. And when Rush was approached neare unto him, he put off his bonet and saluted him saying : Pest you merry good Gentleman : Welcome said he : Sir, said Rush, I am a poore young man and am out of service, and faine would I have a good master. What countryman art thou said the Gentleman and from whence commest thou ? Sir, said Rush, I was borne farre hence and many a@ myle have I gone to seeke a good service, but none can I find. What canst thou doe said the Gentleman, and what is thy name ? Sir said Rush, I can doe any manner of thing that shall please,
