[OCR_toInput] }*l THE HYPOCHONDRIAC. pretend to oppose the prescriptions of the faculty, and to hinder the gentleman from taking my clyster? You are very pleasant to have this boldness. Beraldd. Be gone, Sir, we fee. well enough that you have not been accustom'd to speak to people’s faces. Mr. Fleurant You ought not to make a .jest of phy- fic in this manner, and to make me lole ray time. I’m not come here but on a good prescription, and I'll go tell Mr. Purgon how I’ve been hinder’d from executing his orders, and from performing my function. You’ll fee, you'll fee SCENE V. A R G A N, BERALDO. Arg.ix. BROTHER, you'll be the cause here of some mis fortune. Beraldo. The great misfortune of not taking a clyster which Mr. Purgon had preferib’d! Once more, brother, is it possible that there should be no way of curing you of the disease of the doctor, and will you all your life time lie buried in their drugs* Argan. Ah, brother, you talk of it like t man that's in health ; but if you was in my place, you’d soon change your language. ’Tis ealy to talk against physic, when one’s in full health. Beraldo. Eut what distemper have you? Argan. You’ll make me mad. I wish that vou had my distemper, to sic if you would prate thus. Ab! here’s Mr. Purgon.
[OCR_aligned] @}*l THE HYPOCHONDRIAC. pretend to oppose the prescriptions of the faculty, and to hinder the gentleman from taking my clyster@? You are very pleasant to have this boldness. Beraldd. Be gone, Sir, we fee. well enough that you have not been accustom'd to speak to people’s faces. Mr. Fleurant You ought not to make a .jest of phy- fic in this manner, and to make me lole ray time. I’m not come here but on a good prescription, and I'll go tell Mr. Purgon how I’ve been hinder’d from executing his orders, and from performing my function. You’ll fee, you'll fee@ SCENE V. A R G A N, BERALDO. Arg.ix. BROTHER, you'll be the cause here of some mis@ fortune. Beraldo. The great misfortune of not taking a clyster which Mr. Purgon had preferib’d@! Once more, brother, is it possible that there should be no way of curing you of the disease of the doctor, and will you all your life@ time lie buried in their drugs@* Argan. Ah, brother, you talk of it like t man that's in health ; but if you was in my place, you’d soon change your language. ’Tis ealy to talk against physic, when one’s in full health. Beraldo. Eut what distemper have you@? Argan. You’ll make me mad. I wish that vou had my distemper, to sic if you would prate thus. A@b! here’s Mr. Purgon.
[ GS_aligned]  328 THE HYPOCHONDRIAC. pretend to oppose the prescriptions of the faculty, and to hinder the gentleman from taking my clyster ? You are very pleasant to have this boldness. Beraldo. Be gone, Sir, we see@ well enough that you have not been accustom'd to speak to people's faces. Mr. Fleurant You ought not to make a @jest of phy- ffc in this manner, and to make me lose @my time. I'm not come here but on a good prescription, and I'll go tell Mr. Purgon how I've been hinder'd from executing his orders, and from performing my function. You'll see, you'll see  SCENE V. A@R@G@A@N, BERALDO. A@RGAN. BROTHER, you'll be the cause here of some mis- fortune. Beraldo. The great misfortune of not taking a clyster which Mr. Purgon had prescrib'd ! Once more, brother, is it possible that there should be no way of curing you of the disease of the doctor, and will you all your life- time lie buried in their drugs ? Argan. Ah, brother, you talk of it like a man that's in health ; but if you was in my place, you'd soon change your language. 'Tis easy to talk against phyffc, when one's in full health. Beraldo. But what distemper have you ? Argan. You'll make me mad. I wish that you had my distemper, to see if you would prate thus. Ah ! here's Mr. Purgon.
