[OCR_toInput] SECT. I.] THE ISLES OF GREECE. 4+3 CCCXLIV. THE ISLES OF GREECE.* The isles of Greece, the isles of Greece ! Where burning Sappho loved and sung, Where grew the arts of war and peace, Where Delos rose and Phœbus sprung ! Eternal summer gilds them yet; But all, except their sun, is set. The Scian and the Teian muse, The hero’s harp, the lover's lute, Have found the fame your shores refuse; Their place of birth alone is mute To sounds, which echo further west Than your sires’ ‘ Islands of the Blest’. The mountains look on Marathon And Marathon looks on the sea ; And, musing there an hour alone, I dreamed that Greece might still be free. For, standing on the Persians’ grave, I could not deem myself a slave. A king sat on the rocky brow Which looks o’er sea-born Salamis ; And ships, by thousands, lay below, And men in nations;—all were his ! He counted them at break of day; And, when the sun set, where were they ? And where are they ? and where art thou, My country ? On thy voiceless shore The heroic lay is tuneless now, The heroic bosom beats no more ! And must thy lyre so long divine, Degenerate into hands like mine ? From Don Juan, canto iii.
[OCR_aligned] @SECT. @I.] THE ISLES OF GREECE. 4+3 CCCXLIV. THE ISLES OF GREECE.* The isles of Greece, the isles of Greece ! Where burning Sappho loved and sung, Where grew the arts of war and peace, Where Delos rose and Phœbus sprung ! Eternal summer gilds them yet; But all, except their sun, is set. The Scian and the Teian muse, The hero’s harp, the lover's lute, Have found the fame your shores refuse; Their place of birth alone is mute To sounds, which echo further west Than your sires’ ‘ Islands of the Blest’. The mountains look on Marathon And Marathon looks on the sea ; And, musing there an hour alone, I dreamed that Greece might still be free. For, standing on the Persians’ grave, I could not deem myself a slave. A king sat on the rocky brow Which looks o’er sea-born Salamis ; And ships, by thousands, lay below, And men in nations@;—all were his ! He counted them at break of day; And, when the sun set, where were they ? And where are they ? and where art thou, My country ? On thy voiceless shore The heroic lay is tuneless now, The heroic bosom beats no more ! And must thy lyre so long divine, Degenerate into hands like mine ? @@@@@From Don Juan, canto iii.
[ GS_aligned]  443 * From Dun Juan, canto iii.@@@@ CCCXLIV. THE ISLES OF GREECE.* The isles of Greece, the isles of Greece ! Where burning Sappho loved ani sung, Where grew the arts of war and peace, Where Delos rose and Phœbus sprung ! Eternal summer gilds them yet; But all, except their sun, is set. The Scian and the Teian muse, The hero's harp, the lover's lute, Have found the fame your shores refuse; Their place of birth alone is mute To sounds, which echo further west Than your sires' ' Islands of the Blest'. The mountains look on Marathon And Marathon looks on the sea ; And, musing there an hour alone, I dreamed that Greece might still be free. For, standing on the Persians' grave, I could not deem myself a slave. A king sat on the rocky brow Which looks o'er sea-born Salamis ; And ships, by thousands, lay below, And men in nations ; all were his ! He counted them at break of day; And, when the sun set, where were they ? And where are they ? and where art thou, My country ? On thy voiceless shore The heroic lay is tuneless now, The heroic bosom beats no more ! And must thy lyre so long divine, Degenerate into hands like mine ? SECT. I.] THE ISLES OF GREECE.
