[OCR_toInput] PREFACE. VU Abp. Trench could tell us nothing of Doubleday ; and of John Collins, author of In the Downhill of Life, Mr. Palgrave writes—‘ nothing except his surname appears recoverable with regard to the author of this truly noble poem’. For the particulars I have given regarding them I am indebted to the editor of the Newcastle Chronicle, and to a correspondent of Notes and Queries ; and from similar sources I have obtained information as to other authors and their works not to be found, I believe, in any other work such as this. For obvious reasons the Section from 1837 to 1887 does not fully or fairly represent the poets of the present day, most of whom are still alive;—to those, however, who have permitted me to insert their verses or extracts from them, I desire to express my great obligations. J. B. Salem, Madras, 1 st December, 1887.
[OCR_aligned] @PREFACE. @VU Abp. Trench could tell us nothing of Doubleday ; and of John Collins, author of In the Downhill of Life, Mr. Palgrave writes—‘ nothing except his surname appears recoverable with regard to the author of this truly noble poem@’. For the particulars I have given regarding them I am indebted to the editor of the Newcastle Chronicle, and to a correspondent of Notes and Queries ; and from similar sources I have obtained information as to other authors and their works not to be found, I believe, in any other work such as this. For obvious reasons the Section from 1837 to 1887 does not fully or fairly represent the poets of the present day, most of whom are still alive@;—to those, however, who have permitted me to insert their verses or extracts from them, I desire to express my great obligations. J. B. Salem, Madras, 1 st December, 1887.
[ GS_aligned]  PREFACE. vii Abp. Trench could tell us nothing of Doubleday ; and of John Collins, author of In the Downhill of Life, Mr. Palgrave writes—' nothing except his surname appears recoverable with regard to the author of this truly noble poem '. For the particulars I have given regarding them I am indebted to the editor of the Newcastle Chronicle, and to a correspondent of Notes and Queries ; and from similar sources I have obtained information as to other authors and their works not to be found, I believe, in any other work such as this. For obvious reasons the Section from 1837 to 1887 does not fully or fairly represent the poets of the present day, most of whom are still alive ;—to those, however, who have permitted me to insert their verses or extracts from them, I desire to express my great obligations. J. B. Salem, Madras, 1@st December, 1887.
