[OCR_toInput] 302 A PLEASANT HISTOEIE with his letters unto that house of religion, desiring the Priour to come and speake with him. When the Priour had read the Gentleman’s letters, and knew for what cause he was sent for, he made him ready to ride with the messenger. Then forth they rode, and the next day they arrived at the Gentleman’s place. When the Gen tleman understood that the Priour was come, he was glad and went to the gate, and with great reverence he received the Priour, and brought him into his place. Then the Gentleman commanded his servant to fill n cup of Wine, that the Priour and he might drinke to gether. And when they had drunke and refreshed themselves well, they walked foorth into a faire garden, and then they commoned together of many things, and when they had finished all their communications, the Gentleman said unto the Priour: Sir, the cause that you be come hither is this. It is so, that I have a young Gentlewoman to my daughter which is grievously vexed andtroubled in herminde, andaslsuppose shehaih some wicked spirit in her body, and sir, it was shewed me by a servant of mine which was long servant in your place, that you could helpe her. Sir said the Priour what is his name P The Gentleman said his name is Eush. And when the Priour heard his name hee knew him well enough, and said unto the Gentleman, sir cause the gen tlewoman to come before me and I trust in Almighty God, shortly to finde a remedy for her, and when the Gentleman heard the Priour speake so, he was glad in his heart, and commanded in all hast to bring foorth
[OCR_aligned] @302 A PLEASANT HISTOEIE with his letters unto that house of religion, desiring the Priour to come and speake with him. When the Priour had read the Gentleman’s letters, and knew for what cause he was sent for, he made him ready to ride with the messenger. Then forth they rode, and the next day they arrived at the Gentleman’s place. When the Gen@ tleman understood that the Priour was come, he was glad and went to the gate, and with great reverence he received the Priour, and brought him into his place. Then the Gentleman commanded his servant to fill n cup of Wine, that the Priour and he might drinke to@ gether. And when they had drunke and refreshed themselves well, they walked foorth into a faire garden, and then they commoned together of many things, and when they had finished all their communications, the Gentleman said unto the Priour@: Sir, the cause that you be come hither is this. It is so, that I have a young Gentlewoman to my daughter which is grievously vexed and@troubled in her@minde, and@as@@lsuppose she@haih some wicked spirit in her body, and sir, it was shewed me by a servant of mine which was long servant in your place, that you could helpe her. Sir said the Priour what is his name P The Gentleman said his name is Eush. And when the Priour heard his name hee knew him well enough, and said unto the Gentleman, sir cause the gen@ tlewoman to come before me and I trust in Almighty God, shortly to finde a remedy for her, and when the Gentleman heard the Priour speake so, he was glad in his heart, and commanded in all hast to bring foorth
[ GS_aligned]  302 A PLEASANT HISTORIE with his letters unto that house of religion, desiring the Priour to come and speake with him. When the Priour had read the Gentleman’s letters, and knew for what cause he was sent for, he made him ready to ride with the messenger. Then forth they rode, and the next day they arrived at the Gentleman’s place. When the Gen- tleman understood that the Priour was come, he was glad and went to the gate, and with great reverence he received the Priour, and brought him into his place. Then the Gentleman commanded his servant to fill a cup of Wine, that the Priour and he might drinke to- gether. And when they had drunke and refreshed themselves well, they walked foorth into a faire garden, and then they commoned together of many things, and when they had finished all their communications, the Gentleman said unto the Priour : Sir, the cause that you be come hither is this. It is so, that I have a young Gentlewoman to my daughter which is grievously vexed and troubled in her minde, and as I suppose she hath some wicked spirit in her body, and sir, it was shewed me by a servant of mine which was long servant in your place, that you could helpe her. Sir said the Priour what is his name ? The Gentleman said his name is Rush. And when the Priour heard his name hee knew him well enough, and said unto the Gentleman, sir cause the gen- tlewoman to come before me and I trust in Almighty God, shortly to finde a remedy for her, and when the Gentleman heard the Priour speake so, he was glad in his heart, and commanded in all hast to bring foorth
