[OCR_toInput] 3 Remarty on Des-CartesV Part. I. to conceive, That whatsoever thinks does not Exist 4t the Iime of its Thinking: Wherefore he con- eludes, That he is, and that he Thinks, is of aU the most certain Truth that can be acquired by Philosophical Order. Who would not judge, That so wild an In vention as this, in order to Improve Know ledge , might not rather proceed from some Person in Bedlam, than from Des-Cartes ? Of whom if Interrogated, how he comes to sup pose, That a Man may point-blank, on the ac count of his Fiction, deny the Being of a God, together with all the visible Particulars already mention’d ? As to the Existence of the Deity, he that considers the necessity of its Concession, as he beholds the wonderful Conduct of the Universe, with so many miraculous Objects as are contain’d therein, will as soon give credit to any Forgery of Fables, as to doubt of the Worlds Omnipotent Creator. And no less im possible to acquiesce in his other Suppositions; there being no Body that has his Eyes to See, and Hands and Feet,can doubt, That he discerns That which is called Heaven above his Head, and that he feels with Hands, and treads on the Earth with Feet. But, if you’l pass the Supposition of Des-Cartes, he will allure you, That both Seeing and Feeling is not so In telligible
[OCR_aligned] @3 Remarty on Des-Cartes@V Part. I. to conceive, That whatsoever thinks does not Exist 4t the Iime of its Thinking@: Wherefore he con- eludes, That he is, and that he Thinks, is of a@U the most certain Truth that can be acquired by Philosophical Order. Who would not judge, That so wild an In@ vention as this, in order to Improve Know@ ledge , might not rather proceed from some Person in Bedlam@, than from Des-Cartes ? Of whom if Interrogated, how he comes to sup@ pose, That a Man may point-blank, on the ac@ count of his Fiction, deny the Being of a God, together with all the visible Particulars already mention’d ? As to the Existence of the Deity, he that considers the necessity of its Concession, as he beholds the wonderful Conduct of the Universe, with so many miraculous Objects as are contain’d therein, will as soon give credit to any Forgery of Fables, as to doubt of the World@s Omnipotent Creator. And no less im@ possible to acquiesce in his other Suppositions@; there being no Body that has his Eyes to See@, and Hands and Feet,can doubt, That he discerns That which is called Heaven above his Head, and that he feels with Hands@, and treads on the Earth with Feet. But, if you’l pass the Supposition of Des-Cartes, he will allure you, That both Seeing and Feeling is not so In@ telligible
[ GS_aligned]  8 Remarks on Des-Cartes's Part. I. to conceive, That whatsoever thinks does not Exist at the Time of its Thinking : Wherefore he con‑ cludes, That he is, and that he Thinks, is of all the most certain Truth that can be acquired by Philosophical Order. Who would not judge, That so wild an In‑ vention as this, in order to Improve Know‑ ledge , might not rather proceed from some Person in Bedlam , than from Des‑Cartes@? Of whom if Interrogated, how he comes to sup‑ pose, That a Man may point‑blank, on the ac‑ count of his Fiction, deny the Being of a God, together with all the viffble Particulars already mention’d ? As to the Existence of the Deity, he that conffders the nece@@ty of its Conce@@on, as he beholds the wonderful Conduct of the Universe, with so many miraculous Objects as are contain’d therein, will as soon give credit to any Forgery of Fables, as to doubt of the World’s Omnipotent Creator. And no less im‑ po@@ble to acquiesce in his other Suppofftions ; there being no Body that has his Eyes to See , and Hands and Feet,can doubt, That he discerns That which is called Heaven above his Head, and that he feels with Hands , and treads on the Earth with Feet. But, if you’l pass the Suppofftion of Des‑Cartes, he will assure you, That both Seeing and Feeling is not so In‑ telligible
