[OCR_toInput] tyi.nr.crq Loaf p pi ih 12 Ha v Ditto l 1-Milt 3i 3i4 lhaf. r rtb. '•blwl nn-'l Cue it , i riKii'ix t'?3. AEUliDKKN. o ! Oil to Oil j ti !.-r 12 i to !1i j , , , f wr n. 5 to 7'i j he. • -, ■at ' 0 1 to 6 On j allow 10 . 6 1 to ID fi 4d t 8 t H y 9 to 10 5 t t. fti j !l 'V Huorth. Lot J. To coi.v.ist of tliat PARK of LAND in the common Shoals, possessed by Robert Milne, surrounded by a low leal dyke, consisting of about two Acres in ex tent, having u diuh dividing it from John Clark's Lands at the South, tlie_ road leading from Mathewmill to the Shore at the North,'John Macamly's Lands on the East, and Alexander Hay's at the West, together with the Leen or Par.tUiC Lands as particularly meitlied and marched, ly ingto the eastward ami westward thereof. Lot 4. Tomnsist of t! at RANK-FACE in the Brae of iiarmouth. possessed by Alexander Duncan, Wood Merchant there, consisting of about three quarters of an Acre, bounded by John Macar.dy's Bank at the West, John Urnnucr's at the East, the top of the Brae at. the South, p.nd the Ditch or Stank at the Bvaefoct at the North, together with a part of a Bank lying to the East ward thereof, having John Breninct'a at the Went, and that belonging to the heirs of James Duncan, at the South-East. Lot Cl, To consist of those TWO IIIGG3 in the Sandy Field puss sued by the Heirs of Donald Buie, consisting of about Two Acres, bounded by the Lands of John MViudy at the South, and those pertaining to Win. Win-bestir and tlie heirs of Chaibs Burgess, respectively, at the North, extending from the Long- Lands Road at the East, to the Lauds f Mathewmill at the West, together with Two Riggs of Ends adjoining the foresaid Two R' gs above described at the Noun, and towards the West End thereof. Lc fl. To consist of those FOUR RIGGS in the Sandy Field in the possession of Mr James Steinson, consisting of about five Acres, having William Thomson's Land at the North, and the heirs of James Duncan at the South, extending from tlie Long Lands Road at the East to the Lands ol'Mnthcwiv.iU at the West. Lot 7. To consist of those FOUR RIGGS in the L'rosshill, consisting of about two and a half Acres, pox-SLssed by Alexander Duncan, Wood Merchant, extend ing over the Hill in a curved line from tlie Road leading past Mathewmill to the town of Gar mouth at tlie South, to the Cadger Road at the West, ai d bounded by Alex, under Ilay and William Winchester's Lands at the f.K M. j sty was yet Prnce iM V. Tcs. ihis lady will j North, and John Mncandy's at the South, hr vfc to nominate her six maids, who will be young j Lot o. To consist of that BUTT in the CROSSHILL irtuics cf respectable families, and their duty will be about a quarter of an Acre, possessed by tht said Alex, to priced the procession, slewing the wav with ! R Ciin . extending from the Iloud Ieadin B past Mathew. ' ijawerj. ' null to the town oi iarmouth, at the South, gout , cir-i cuitonsly over the Hill toward the Cadger Hoad at the W t, haviug William V inchestor'i Lands at the East its a from Glasgow to the Star Ion, Edinburgh, r,u the 6til of February-to which tit prisoner plead, d Not Guilty. Tills trial occupied the Court till -.i o'clock in the evening, when tlie Jury returned an unanimous verdict of Guilty, and the prisoner was sentenced to 1-1 years' transportation. Wl ile the Constitutional Association, says the Ar te v Times, is threatened with new attacks by thoise for,nut-ubU gentlemen, young Mr Whitbread, and Mr L -Slieritl Parkins, it lias tlie satisiactiou of receiving most solid testimonies of aj j latise friun pel son of tlie high, est rank and resi ctabi!ity. Lord Viscount Pow ers-court lias made a remittance of no less than £'300 to the funds of the society ! This munificent donation was accompanied with a letter, still mor gratifying, if possible, to tlie committee, whosq undertaking if Lordship justly designates as a Christian, loyal, constitutional work, Being a native says this nobleman, of another part of ills Majesty's don i li on , where it is my intention always to live, 1 should not perl'.aps have sent a subscription to your Associa tion, were it not, that at this time it appears to me, that every lover of his God, iiis King, and his coun try, should stand boldly forward to stem tins torrent ofc infidelity and disaiiectiun. PKEMATU11E INTE RMENT. Stephen Evans, a Welchman, one of the hands- of tile Harriot, of Milford, lying at Wexford, was bu l ied iu Selskar Church-yard, at one o'clock in the af ternoon of Thursday se'ennight. Ho was supposed to-have died on the Tuesday preceding. On Friday two boys climbed tlie wall of the Churdi-yard for the pur pose of robbing a biruVtiest. One of them stood ou tlie grat a in which Evans was interred, and while the other was ascending for the ne t, called out to him that he heard' a strange noise in the grave, on which they immediately gave the alarm. An immeus - con course of people soon collected, and the body was dug up, when a spectacle truly horrible presented itae'f the functions of life had been restored iu the Collin, but were only restored that the miserable sufferer might experience all tint horrors of a linf ring death in thi most dreadful situation. The struggles of tbu unhappy victim appeared to have been violent. By a late act of the Senate cf New York, habitual drunkards may be proceeded against, the manage, inent of their estates taken from them, am! they placed under the direction of tlie Court of Chancery, as m cases of lunacy. The Report cf the Committee of the House of Com mons on the state of London Bridge, recommends an application being made next session for a new Bridge to bo erected, of five arches, on the present site, or a. near to it as possible. The expence, they consider, may lie defrayed without any toii, the Bridge Iloase Estates having £112,000 in hand, besides a rental of £'2o,C00 per annum. Another Tragedy has been received from Lord Byron. hlllU H TUX, Jixk SO. 1st Outs. 2d do.' P trtii, do. . . .ar i LUit.., , iV. John Mofiai . u Colin Fowler, do. A! x. Topp R.iii Villiam Kwt.el, do. E.vgu-h CiitAMJiait. Ladies. Mi • 3d uo. ' ■ , j -N..-p ,T.-,h,,-ton, N.-u si .Susan 1'c.iLr tud .ui lirown, Kh'.iti -Miss 'c Auderson, do. George C i'y .r, do. M'.'ili.- ij p.oatot, do. ful C w Ktat.n. there wore mar whom the Marys! .tes would have been happy to hav. stowed some vr ark t f t ..t U' hurt the l,mni r of priru iidir.hu'd of it. On the with the tTmi.es SLAUGHTER OF THE KING'S STAG-HOUNDS. Tlie King'9 stag-hounds were lately brought hither for tlie purpose cf washing them in tlie sea. Since their arrival they have been almost daily immersed in the brine of ocean, and on account of growing syn toms of hydrophobia, w ere often kept in the water un til they were nearly exhausted, to rentier the remedy effective. But all would not do-the evil apprehend ed a few days ago began so unequivocally to shew it self, that it became dangerous to enter the kennel The matter, of course, was duly reported, and an or der, in consequence, arrived from the Marquis of Cornwallis, the Master of the Stag-liounds, for whole of the pack here to be destroyed without further delay, winch order was carried into instantaneous ef fect, and four-and-twenty coupla of the most va'ualJe and best-trainod dogs, were presently breathless.-They were dispatched hy the whippor-in and feeder. the huntsman, Sharp, could not witness tlie slaugh ter the voice of every slog was known to him-he could almost hold a conversation with them. The ifl-efiicacy of sea-water immersions, in easts of cani.a madness, is thus amply proved. brethren were du'iv I'KK'lt OF S per Cent. Ret . 76 f 3 per Cent. Co'.snls 7 jfi Do for Ace . Ilf per Cent -4 per Cents. 9-lJ ■S'! OI KS. 3 per Ceres 0 J Imlitt slock 23 India Bonds SO pin. Es. Biils 3 pm. B .nk Stock -FOREIGN TRADE. n , jfr .treasurer J.une. James Duna.d, -lubzi Tlie Report of the Select Committee of tlie House of Lords on tlie means of extending and securing the Foreign Trade of the Country, baa just been printed. Their attention has been directed to the Silk and M ine Trades. With respect to tho latter, the Committee do not fee! themselves justified in recommending any ma terial alteration, until some disposition is evinced by tlie French Government to facilitate such an arrange ment, by making some oonccvion in favour of articles of British manufacture. They arid, however, that it may be worth considering, whether the substitution of a Duty ad talorcru, for that which is now taken by measure upon French Wines, would not lead to au in creased consumption, a.a! contribute, without detri ment to the Revenue, to the accommodation of the British consumer. In regard to the Silk Trade, tho Committee declare, that they arc upon the whole of opinion-That it would be highly det-imetital toarasrufoc-a.y ,' which l a so long enjoyed an ex.hi five protection. -r.it has bmn but lately brought to ar y great degree of . '• or iie ft-?ic.i abruptly to take off tl.e juo'.ibinor.a . duties upon fori u n or'Acs but considering the eocy to ir.. retard demand tv', ieh 'las for some time ma-nifeated itself in the home u r.iket, a vtiy small diminu. tioti of the duty upon the raw material might be expelled to produce consitlerable eflcct in giving an increased stea diness to tlie manulacture ar.d if tne circu On aiTtving, he was observed to pause ti fetv minutes, as if in expectation that tlie owner of house would come out in due form but finding nobody in atten-dence, ha walked in, placed himself in the corner suillf , ycari w t icn the foliowin w.iete he used to stand during tlie operation cf shoo- 1 ciectco! vi-r. ing and on the smith's coming in, he instantly made j JOHN THOMSON Fpfs'DFNT known his errand, by holding up tlie shoeless fool, j Hotit. Anu.tBrVt Sa-on after, tlie owner of fl.v horse having missed him, Robm J C9 ' n V' oirue u the smithy in tho course of Jus search, ana j AloxantLr Fowler W-iNin-cv J to his r.o small surprNo found the engaged in j stawtu-d putting on a slice !' Dumfries Courier. j Thomson,'' Thomas Leighton, Wilifoin Hall, j Fyf c William Fowler, ar.d William L. Heruy Tl o c ily maturity of Mr like that cf many s !lprs Alexander Craighead, ouicei and UuLcrt J sirlea on mid .u nnier-dHy ! On the favourable side of other great men, stnns partly to be accounted for hy j Will, champion. j , e c . nse , with respect fo the prime conceister, and tlie, ner, prep eluded the l'i TORr, .Tidy 5, If-'21. T!ic Annual General Meeting of tho Fumrir l-u -d-his attainment of the laitei rn his 25th yeas, ai'e Sorict'i oi Kin fare, of which 'the Ri ht II strong circumstances. Talking.-Thero is one mortal offence m women for which they have been, more than once, rated roundly by the satirists. All women, says one of j the Funds of the Society were found to Ik in u high , our malevolent old drai atist?, mve six senses that! flourishing condition. 'F!.ey then proceeded to the cioc-is seeing, hearing, tasting, smelling, toucl.ing, and the tion of Oilicc-bearer for the ensuing year, when the last and feminine sense, the sense of spatMing. Wo ! foil the Haul of Kintoiu , hr. , condescended to become mien i Patron, was held here on the 2d inst. After entering d 30 young Members, and eoiitUing Half-year' fithe Funds of the Society Due-lands, particularly heavy. Heps have suffered much from the easterly winds. Potatoes are a considerable bv.'adth, and the plant full as forward as could be ex pected. Turnip sowing has been early this season, and the Swedes have been r.ome time above ground. All hope is relinquished of a good crop of fruit, except, perhaps, of later fruits. Cattle and sheep, fat or lean, abundant, and at very moderate prices with an ap pearance of a N ill farther reduction in price of all the necessaries of life. 10. To consist of tlrat il 81i£T YARD in the Tou t, of iarmouth, hounded by Mr fcitetnaon'sr Property at the North, J mc Carmichael's, at the East asd a Lane at the WtKt. For further particulars, application may be made to Mr Robert Bain, Write . Elgin, who will give direction for pointing out the Lots, and furnish a l necessary in formation as to Rents, the lidding of the Possessor , and tho Public and Parochial Burdens affecting the Lands or to John M'Andrew, Solicitor in Inverness, who will shew the Deeds in virtue of which tlie Property is offered for Sale. XEir STAMP OFFICE. lowing Members were elected, z. . XPei eu s circumstances of the country allowed it gradually to be token off', a small ruty only being left upon tlie'Organ sine, our marmftc-turc would have nothing to dread from the competition of French silks, even if permitted to bt iRtroduced upon a duty of irom 12 to If per cent, and a considerable aug mentation upon the export might at the same time be jea-sonubly expected. ft' it was found impracticable to make any f.p?edy re duction in the duty on raw silk, without the aubetitution . of another, it mfiphi d.serve consideration whether it J ways both ready and willing to speak. Women have d might not. with safety to the revenue, he transferred to ' the manufactured art'ule, by which all the inconvenience 'Wiping froni advknce of capital and the necessity of draw backs might be avoided. feel rather inclined to suspect, that the lords and mas- FRANCIS ABKL, President, ters of this goodly creation would not bo very well con- Geo. Low, V. P. tent to allow the laxt cf these senses to be the exclusive William Malcolm, tr m r Thcmas Ctuick nark, privilege cf their fair partner . So far indeed from John Smith, jun. Alov. Yv .tt, and Arthur Carrie, such a concession, that they have absolutely rnor.opo- jun. stewards John AnnanJ and Win. Smith, key-lized the power cf speaking par atcellenca to -the ex- I bearers James Abel and Janie. Stephen, assessors Ar-clubionghter fov pouring 1 by Peter Reid, Vintner in Kin tore, when a Ball com-forth a gay ten minutes rattle in the overflowing gaiety j monccd, which was kept up with mirth and courivia-of her youthful heart. While a man i talking stupid sense, you hear a woman uttering lively nonsense and the latter commodity is infinitely more estimable in our opinion. Theie arc very few men that know how to converse. You see many a man like AddL n, who cau draw on his banker for III,000, but who has not nine-pence in ready cash, to contribute as his share in conversation. Women, on the contrary, are nl-iSltsrfilaneous articles. jjfdca.-Mr Campbell, the missionary, whose for-5T-r wards into South Africa arc before the public, has I.'2f£ returned after another journey equally interesting. He j r. te l SCO miles from Cape Town, a greater - Gv.G any oilier traveller w hose good fortune it has tofcn to re ,. n. and considerably beyond Latakoo. lit has d. iovcr d several new and large towns. The populr-ti M omc of tho e amount to 10,000 or p Y.on# the people friendly and docile, pos-tsnir.y much skill in the manufacture of pottery, in nowfitin of iron, and other useful arts besides q in telligent as to know the value of, and vri h for, tiu in troduction cf better infermed artizaKs Tin y hav likewise desired ir.Urionaricft to l a sert e. .. Mr LufMngton, of the tr asnry,,' n rep.y to u letter from C. yt. Burreli, E j- M.P. itas sign i jhd ip.t far-'' vrj'l i.ot be prevented fr vr ti ui l ieable -a most graceful way of talking about nothing, which men, in their wisdom, esteem beneath their powers.-Tite French ladies are pre-eminent in this art and af ter them the Irish ladies bold the most distinguished place. It is absolutely Marvellous to lir.ten to two sisters, who hove been parted for three weeks-, edify ing each other with their mutual stores cf intelligence, of which their bt others would have disburdened them selves in one-tenth of the time. - X w Monthly Maga zine. Gold Coin.- m King James the 1st coined hi 22 shilling piece of gold, called Jacubusscs, where, on his head, he wore a Crewn after that, lie coined his twenty sftillinf.s, and were the laurel instead of the Gown upon jvliich mutation, Ren Johnson said plea-lity to an early hour next morning. Within the last twelve months nearly 100 Members have joined this excellent Socitiv. THE CO ll OX A TtOW. young CO CRT OF SESSION. Pawnbrokers-?.I'Lachlan u. Yount.. This was an action against a pawnbroker to recover the value of u pair of sheas pawned with APLnchlati, the suspevder. A 'wr the expiry of a year. Young, ti e charger, sent to ledecm the pledge, when the pawnbrok er said, tV.-j time Ing expired, the goods were now for feited, cot s tjuc '.ly could not be given. 'oung, how ever, notvdihstan.ding of this, raised an action against the pswru.-ok' before the niagistrates of Glasgow, for the amount oj the a. tick' to wi.-ich she appeared, and found ed in M ppoi't of be - right so to act, upon the statute, Jfith ai d 41 tli Ao. iii. cap. IHi. The rnagistrutes, however, u Found lhac ll'.eru Is nothing in the statute referred to, to eu ersed. the right v Mo! the pumier has at common law t -. insist fur an account of the proceeds of the sale of the ! ads r,-fried to or an account of the manner in which the said goods ln.vc been disposed of. This judg ment was orcaabi under h e viwicw of the Court of Fes-•.iotj, by lull Oi suspension, winch was passed by Lo?d Crai.io, A.oid Ordi .i y officiating on the bills ar.d af ter wavds l 2lith June luffl , the letters were simplicittr suspended-thus bidding, that the time for redeeuJing tlie pledge, via. twelve months, having expired before appli cation. was made, the rigid of property m the article pledg ed became vested in the pawnbtaker. santly, that poets being iilwpys poor, bay fault? as fcvi oi i-c- prevented fn 1 £ fc v -sk car beit v'4 ct thir tl c cmidfrtjs of wit t! an wealth, !i James no sootier began to wear them, but h Adltinps in the pound in pnblbjuc vvluuli n. -Frng-rricnia Anlica, lt'62. j The drc.ss of each gentleman pensioner at the core ?ruvtion, is, we aie told, to contain one thousand two naked sugar-loaf buttons. If each cf these is to lmvc respective button hole, the genii nun had better coimr.fuicc dressing imuiccdat'ffy. U-i they be tcc late fv hc eeicciony. A warrant of dLoensation is passing, to enable the several Knights Grand Grosses of tlie Rath, nominat ed inee the lust installation, 1st June, 1319, to wear the collar, mantle, e. of the Order, as though itc-tually arid formally installed. Govevnrne t will provide for each Knight Grand Cross, a superb crimson mantle, lined with white taffeta, and the star embroidered on the left shoulder •, a black wlvet hat, a sword and belt, grid enair ofglL spurs. In like manner, there will be provided for the Knights Commanders w ! o may alien the solemnity, a short crimson satin mantle, with tint of the se cond class of the order embroidered thereon, arid fasr toned by a gold cordon swoyu and bell, black velvet hat, and a pah of gilt spurs. 'i'he train be irc. ■- of his M dc. ty nlrr dy appointed, are, tlie Marque, of Dimro, '-'.a to tlif Duke of Wel lington Earl cf n.cwdm , son of hv Marquis ofj ? Hastings Earl of Brock nock, son ot il o Marquis of I ' l Camden A'isi-oui.l ii.gea ilv, sou i me thirl of Tal bot Isaie of U'N'!.'.avi e e, scuof'. - .Vl .rquis of Cirol-moteleley and Viscount Crunbouri.ej nub ufi.be Mar quis of Salisbury. Mr Dyniccke, in tbu hone hot be u yy ho ho nour of personating the character of Ids Majesty's Champion on the J y of eorominou, bos I ecu for sortie time taking lemons vi V tUy's viding srha J, and hns tif.V - . ■ i - J. A p.-.'itr la • iftnt 'f a ulvu-XAVAL PROMOTIONS . Mil NTS. ixi Avroixr-To tlie rank of Post Captain.-Captain George Cornish Gain bier. To the rank of Commander.-The Right lion. th Lari of Huntingdon, the Right Hon. Lord Henry Thymic, and Lieutenants Robert Andoc, Price Black wood, and David Pear. To lui! rank of Lieutenant.-Messrs. Adolphus Fit .i I.nonce, Thomas Evans, 'Jliomas James, Parker I . Bingham, Edward Shacklock, John Jones, 'lias. J. F. Newton, Edward Digby, Willoughby Lake, Stewart N. lnglis, Hon. Richard Saunders Dimdas, and Thomas A. Lewis. To the rank of Surgeon.-Mr. Hugh Ferguson, Vice-Admiral Sir Benjamin Hallowed, Knight ComuifwidiT of the Order of the Bath, to he Com-m.ind- i'.in Ghiefat Sle.-erness, vice Rear-Admiral Sir John Gi re, v. liove p. i d of service iian expired. Guptiiins Henry P -scott, to the Aurora Sir Mur-ri Maxwell, to the Bulwark Price Blackwood, to tue Curlew '. Gambler, to the Dauntless Wil liam N yk, to tJ c G an net F. L. Maitland, to the Genoa . R. Dawkins, to the Helicon James Li lit rap, to the .Hyperion. Alexander Skene, to the Impregnable C. G. Askew, to the IWiUtin J. B. Cl iKrcm to the low und Chiurlc .Dashwowl, to tlie Yfiv .l.ov C'ftL. With respect to Sir John Marjoribarrks connec tion with the new Stamp Offlc ? and the Regent's Bridge, wc could wish that Mr. Hume had been more faithfully informed-we could wish that he hau known Edinburgh as it was, and as it is, and we are sure that, instead of endeavouring to throw any obloquy cm Sir Jolm Marjoribanks for any connection he had with tlie Regent's Bridge, he would join with us in tlie opinion wc have frequently taken occasion to express, that we are deeply indebted to tlie spirited exertions of that, gentleman, without which, in all probability, Edinburgh would never have undergone the splendid improvement it has experienced by tire access to tlie Gallon I Till being tluov n open to our most public street, and brought as it were into the centre of out-city. We remember when this improvement was tulk-ed of, and looked upon as perfectly chimerical. The difficulty and the cxpence seemed to interpose such insurmountable barriers, that the idea was banished almost without reflection, and it was only in conse quent e of a proposal having been made tc build a Jail in front of Prince's Street, that some individuals were induced to try the levels, and speculate on the possibi 1 ity of connecting Prince's Streetwith the Gallon Hill, where abundance of room would be found for prisons, or any thing else that the extension of Edinburgh now rendered indispensable. Sir John was then our Chief Magistrate, he suw the advantages of the plan, and immediately adopted the vicw.s of those that re commended it and wc believe, with a facility incre dible even to himself-so warmly was lie seconded by those who were inteiested, that the necessary arrange ments were made in a very short space of time-a splen did entrance was added to our own romantic city aiul a stieet created not inferior in splendour to any in the empire. It was on the ground which came to be sold in this street tlmt the ConnYiissionecs depended for a conside rable share of the expence, and this ground was expos ed to public auction. The stances on out side went off pretty freely, but those on the other hung for some time in the market, when Sir John,, anxious that these stances should present no stop lo the proceedings, took the whole upon himself, and at tins- time, wc are convinced without contemplating any connection what ever with tho Stamp oiffee.'Edinburgh Paper. TStrtb . On tlie 23th ult. at his house in Marlborough Square, Brompton, Mrs. Mackenzie, Lady of Tho mas Mackenzie, Esq. of a son. At Paris, the Lady of Earl POULFTT, of a son. At Paris, on the 22d ult. Lady Buchan, of a son. At Portsmouth, on tlio 2d curt, the Right Hon. Lady Greenock, of a daughter. At Putney, on the 27th ult. the Lady of John Pa terson, Ksq. Captain of the- lion. East India Coro-pony's ship Repulse, of a yen. 39ftrrtfi rf . At Walsale, on the 14th ult. J. S. Bhown, Esq. merchant, Edinburgh, to Mama, youngest daughter ' tho late Jolm Badger, Emj. Laymore House, Staf fordshire. On the Sd curt, by the Rev. Archibald Alison, Wm Macdowall, Esq. advocate, to Miss Elizabeth Christian Dcndas, third daughter of Mr Jaimes Dun-das of OcbUrtyrc, clerk to the signet. At Dacca, Bengal, on the 27th February JaMFS Charles Maclean, of tlie 11th native infantry, to Elizabeth Margaret, eldest daughter of Richard Owen Wynne, Chief Judge at Dacca. At Weymouth, on the 28th ult Thomas Gordon,, Esq. of Islington, Ixmdcn, to Sarah, fourth daugh ter of Will km Oakley, Esq. late Mayor of that xx-rough. lTearhu At Edinburgh, on tin? 15th ult. Elizabeth, eldest daughter of George S ndila.n is, Esq. At Edinburgh, on tto 29th ult. Mr A LEX. Dal-MAiiOY, St. Andrew's Street. At Florence on the 3d ult. Jamvs Wentworth Murray, Esq. On the 13th ult. Dr HaoCP, Professor of Music in the University of Cambridge. At Gosport, on the 19th ult. in theSOth year of his age, Major W. Bennett, Royal Engineers. At his seat. Pinner-grove, Middlesex, Sir F. Mil-Man, Bare. M. D. F. ft. S. iu the 7Sth year of Ilk age. . FROM A JAMAICA NEWSPAPER. Virttisr o t funera vhit. Died in Trelawr.cy Parish, Jamaica, on Thursday the 2d March, Urqfkaut Gillespie, Ksq. in tkeflOth year of h s age. after a reskltnce of tiity-six yearn in the island. His funeral wax respectably and r.umurcmsiy at-tended, and all evinced a xwtiJtient of sincere regrtt aril due homage to his departed worth. The writer of thi short acwjur.t had great opportunities of knowing him well and intimately, arid though he w ishes to pay a just tribute to his various merits, he is perfectly unswayed by the partiality of friendship lor, alut ! of what servn tc die departed can an eulcgium in a, newspaper be ? A character, however, ho respectable for public and piiva.c virtues, adorned by the h.ftppy con n at on cf gtt t natural cr.dowmcr tx, with acuhiVaud mind, and thv dn •icol stor x of ancient learning, cannot, and perhapeoug t not to pass without some observation. No person could have adopted with move propriety sunvitcr in modo. fortiter iu re, as a motto for his character. His wh l life was an illustration of the former and his memorable letters to General Nugcut, displaying rolixbcd ecnipc ,-tion, with a just ar.d honourable resentment- evinced, latter. He was born in Old .Mcldrum, a rillage in the north of Scotland, of respcctal le parents. He te k his atadf mic l degree in the University of New Aberdeen where he also first studud Medicine, and altn wards at Edin burgh. He seems to have been fitted by nature for the study of his profession, for lie possessed great sagacity, uncommon sweetnerx of temper, wu.devful strength and acccracy of rcvolluction, and a natural activity'toth ot' in on court of justiciary. Monday the Court having met, Daniel Aitchiwn was placed at the bar, accused of beiag coru emed art and part in the thcftuously abstracting from the person of Dr. Robert Burt a gold watch, with gold chain and appendages, at the head of Bank Street, in Edinburgh, on the 20th of November last tto prisoner wax also charged with being habit ar,d repute a thief. The in dictment having been vesd, tlie prisoner pleaded Not Guilty. The Jury returned t written ecrdict, finding the prisoner, by a plurality of vo efe, Guilty art and part of the crime libelled. The Lord Advocate restricted the libel, and the prisoner was sentenced to transpor tation for fourteen years. Michael M'C dh m was placed at tlie bar, diargpd with abstracting a bundle, containing wearing apparel, receipt of the Commercial Bank tbr £1200, and a j Variety at otS' r a, ticb -s, frotil Uiv Watorloo k'uuwti on body find mind, wl-.iih never permitted indolence. It exceedingly probable, that had hit destinatiep been u f TO ecute the science of Medicine in Britain, he would ir.ve arrived at gnat eminence as there to would have l ad more oj portumcies of leisure, and inhteourse with lit-. avy men, with more abstraction from other pursuits of lift but even as it was, he has written very respect -bly and usefully on several subjects of tlie healing art. A gradual decay of nature a Tor dud him tue fullest indication of his approaching dissolution, and lie w .., finite placid and resigned. The illner.s which carried on this valuable member of society at last, was rfhort ?n du.ation ar.d alluding to that circumstance, hi- mij i have exclaimed with Garth,-u k To dia, is landing on silent shore fc M f lierabiU wh neidier break nor tempest roar-u 4 Ere we can feel thefitnuRy stroke tis o'er.' In line, his life, though not interwoven with many ini. dents of a remarkable nature, was a life of virtue and his public spirit, hospitality urbanity, avid tlie various excclleaeus of liis enltgj.taxed mind, will be long rcnicu,-bc-retL He died, too, in the per fact txeniie of his senses, and possessed of the lVusvcU and regard of h.s sur irin fritmto OSankruprg. Creditors of Donald Macconal , tacksman f Xloimr and Dubbiock. mewtiu John Cumorcn's, writer in Dingwall, JOtb July. A LEXAJ DtCIt Kei MaN, breuxf nnd baker in Ai cv riven, has applied fer i J syhcu 1
[OCR_aligned] tyi.nr.crq Loaf p pi ih 12 Ha v Ditto l 1-Milt 3i 3i4 lhaf. r rtb. '•blwl nn-'l Cue it , i riKii'ix t'?3. AEUliDKKN. o ! Oil to Oil j ti !.-r 12 i to !1i j , , , f wr n. 5 to 7'i j he. • -, ■at ' 0 1 to 6 On j allow 10 . 6 1 to ID fi 4d t 8 t H y 9 to 10 5 t t. fti j !l 'V Huorth. Lot J. To coi.v.ist of tliat PARK of LAND in the common Shoals, possessed by Robert Milne, surrounded by a low leal dyke, consisting of about two Acres in ex@ tent, having u di@uh dividing it from John Clark's Lands at the South, tlie_ road leading from Mathewmill to the Shore at the North,'John Macamly's Lands on the East, and Alexander Hay's at the West, together with the Leen or Par.tUiC Lands as particularly meitlied and marched, ly@ ing@to the eastward ami westward thereof. Lot 4. To@@mnsist of t! at RANK-FACE in the Brae of iiarmouth. possessed by Alexander Duncan, Wood Merchant there, consisting of about three quarters of an Acre, bounded by John Macar.dy's Bank at the West, John Urnnucr's at the East, the top of the Brae at. the South, p.nd the Ditch or Stank at the Bvaefoct at the North, together with a part of a Bank lying to the East@ ward thereof, having John Breninct'a at the Went, and that belonging to the heirs of James Duncan, at the South-@East. Lot Cl, To consist of those TWO IIIGG3 in the Sandy Field puss sued by the Heirs of Donald Buie, consisting of about Two Acres, bounded by the Lands of John MViudy at the South, and those pertaining to Win. Win-@@bestir and tlie heirs of Cha@ibs Burgess, respectively, at the North, extending from the Long- Lands Road at the East, to the Lauds @f Mathewmill at the West, together with Two Riggs of Ends adjoining the foresaid Two R' gs above described at the No@un, and towards the West End thereof. Lc fl. To consist of those FOUR RIGGS in the Sandy Field in the possession of Mr James Steinson, consisting of about five Acres, having William Thomson's Land@ at the North, and the heirs of James Duncan at the South, extending from tlie Long Lands Road at the East to the Lands ol'Mnthcwiv.iU at the West. Lot 7. To consist of those FOUR RIGGS in the L'rosshill, consisting of about two and a half Acres, pox-@SLssed by Alexander Duncan, Wood Merchant, extend@ ing over the Hill in a curved line from tlie Road leading past Mathewmill to the town of Gar mouth at tlie South, to the Cadger Road at the West, ai d bounded by Alex, under Ilay and William Winchester's Lands at the f.K M. j sty was yet Prnce iM V. Tcs. ihis lady will j North, and John Mncandy's at the South, hr vfc to nominate her six maids, who will be young j Lot o. To consist of that BUTT in the CROSSHILL irtuics cf respectable families, and their duty will be about a quarter of an Acre, possessed by tht said Alex, to priced the procession, slewing the wav with ! R Ciin . extending from the Iloud Ieadin B past Mathew. ' ijawerj. ' null to the town oi iarmouth, at the South, gout , cir-i cuitonsly over the Hill toward the Cadger Hoad at the W@ t, haviug William V inchestor'i Lands at the East its a from Glasgow to the Star Ion, Edinburgh, r,u the 6til of February-to which tit prisoner plead, d Not Guilty. Tills trial occupied the Court till -.i o'clock in the evening, when tlie Jury returned an unanimous verdict of Guilty, and the prisoner was sentenced to 1-1 years' transportation. Wl ile the Constitutional Association, says the Ar te v Times, is threatened with new attacks by thoise for,nut-ub@U gentlemen, young Mr Whitbread, and Mr L -Slieritl Parkins, it lias tlie satisiactiou of receiving most solid testimonies of aj j latise friun pel son@ of tlie high, est rank and resi ctabi!ity. Lord Viscount Pow ers-@court lias made a remittance of no less than £'300 to the funds of the society ! This munificent donation was accompanied with a letter, still mor@ gratifying, if possible, to tlie committee, whosq undertaking @if Lordship justly designates as a Christian, loyal,@@@@ constitutional work, Being a native says this nobleman, of another part of ills Majesty's don i li on , where it is my intention always to live, 1 should not perl'.aps have sent a subscription to your Associa@ tion, were it not, that at this time it appears to me, that every lover of his God, iiis King, and his coun@ try, should stand boldly forward to stem tins torrent ofc infidelity and disaiiectiun. PKEMATU11E INTE RMENT. Stephen Evans, a Welchman, one of the hands- of tile Harriot, of Milford, lying at Wexford, was bu l ied iu Selskar Church-yard, at one o'clock in the af@ ternoon of Thursday se'ennight. Ho was supposed to-have died on the Tuesday preceding. On Friday two boys climbed tlie wall of the Churdi-yard for the pu@r pose of robbing a bir@uVtiest. One of them stood ou tlie grat a in which Evans was interred, and while the other was ascending for the ne t, called out to him that he heard' a strange noise in the grave, on which they immediately gave the alarm. An immeus - con@ course of people soon collected, and the body was dug up, when a spectacle truly horrible presented itae'f the functions of life had been restored iu the Collin, but were only restored that the miserable sufferer might experience all tint horrors of a linf ring death in thi@ most dreadful situation. The struggles of tbu unhappy victim appeared to have been violent. By a late act of the Senate cf New York, habitual drunkards may be proceeded against, the manage, inent of their estates taken from them, am! they placed under the direction of tlie Court of Chancery, as @m cases of lunacy. The Report cf the Committee of the House of Com@ mons on the state of London Bridge, recommends an application being made next session for a new Bridge to bo erected, of five arches, on the present site, or a. near to it as possible. The expence, they consider, may lie defrayed without any toii, the Bridge Iloase Estates having £112,000 in hand, besides a rental of £'2o,C00 per annum. Another Tragedy has been received from Lord Byron. hlllU H TUX, Jixk SO. 1st Outs. 2d do.' P trtii, do. . . .ar i LUit.., , iV. John Mofiai . u Colin Fowler, do. A! x. Topp R.iii Villiam Kwt.el, do. E.vgu-h CiitAMJiait. Ladies. Mi • 3d uo. ' ■ , j -N..-p ,T.-,h,,-ton, N.-u si .Susan 1'c.iLr tud .ui lirown, Kh'.iti -Miss 'c Auderson, do. George C i'y .r, do. M'.'ili.- ij p.oatot, do. ful C w Ktat.n. there wore mar whom the Marys! .tes would have been happy to hav. stowed some vr ark t f t ..t U' hurt the l,mni r of priru iidir.hu'd of it. On the with the tTmi.es SLAUGHTER OF THE KING'S STAG-@HOUNDS. Tlie King'9 stag-hounds were lately brought hither for tlie purpose cf washing them in tlie sea. Since their arrival they have been almost daily immersed in the brine of ocean, and on account of growing sy@@n toms of hydrophobia, w ere often kept in the water un@ til they were nearly exhausted, to rentier the remedy effective. But all would not do-the evil apprehend@ ed a few days ago began so unequivocally to shew it@ self, that it became dangerous to enter the kennel@ The matter, of course, was duly reported, and an or@ der, in consequence, arrived from the Marquis of Cornwallis, the Master of the Stag-liounds, for @@@@whole of the pack here to be destroyed without further delay, winch order was carried into instantaneous ef@ fect, and four-and-twenty coupla of the most va'ualJe and best-trainod dogs, were presently breathless.-They were dispatched hy the whippor-in and feeder. the huntsman, Sharp, could not witness tlie slaugh@ ter the voice of every slog was known to him-he could almost hold a conversation with them. The ifl-efiicacy of sea-water immersions, in easts of cani.a madness, is thus amply proved. brethren were du'iv I'KK'lt OF S per Cent. Ret . 76 f 3 per Cent. Co'.snls 7 jfi Do for Ace . Ilf per Cent -4 per Cents. 9-lJ ■S'! OI KS. 3 per Ceres 0 J Imlitt slock 23 India Bonds SO pin. Es. Biils 3 pm. B .nk Stock -FOREIGN TRADE. n , jfr .treasurer J.une. James Duna.d, -lubzi Tlie Report of the Select Committee of tlie House of Lords on tlie means of extending and securing the Foreign Trade of the Country, baa just been printed. Their attention has been directed to the Silk and M ine Trades. With respect to tho latter, the Committee do not fee! themselves justified in recommending any ma@ terial alteration, until some disposition is evinced by tlie French Government to facilitate such an arrange@ ment, by making some oonc@cvion in favour of articles of British manufacture. They arid, however, that it may be worth considering, whether the substitution of a Duty ad talorcru, for that which is now taken by measure upon French Wines, would not lead to au in@ creased consumption, a.a! contribute, without detri@ ment to the Revenue, to the accommodation of the British consumer. In regard to the Silk Trade, tho Committee declare, that they arc upon the whole of opinion-@That it would be highly det-imetital to@arasrufoc-a.y ,' which l a so long enjoyed an ex.hi five protection. -r.it has b@mn but lately brought to ar y great degree of . '• or iie ft-?ic.i abruptly to take off tl.e juo'.ibinor.a . duties upon fori u n or'Acs but considering th@@@e@@ eocy to ir.. retard demand tv', ieh 'las for some time ma-@nifeated itself in the home u r.iket, a vtiy small diminu. tioti of the duty upon the raw material might be expelled to produce consitlerable eflcct in giving an increased stea@ diness to tlie manulacture ar.d if tne circu On aiTtving, he was observed to pause ti fetv minutes, as if in expectation that tlie owner of house would come out in due form but finding nobody in atten-@dence, ha walked in, placed himself in the corner suillf , ycari w t icn the foliowin w.iete he used to stand during tlie operation cf shoo- 1 ciectco! vi-r. ing and on the smith's coming in, he instantly made j JOHN THOMSON Fpfs'DFNT known his errand, by holding up tlie shoeless fool, j Hotit. Anu.tBrVt Sa-on after, tlie owner of fl.v horse having missed him, Robm J C9 ' n V' oirue u the smithy in tho course of Jus search, ana j AloxantLr Fowler W-iNin-cv J to his r.o small surpr@No found the@@@@@@ engaged in j stawtu-d putting on a slice !' Dumfries Courier. j Thomson,'' Thomas Leighton, Wilifoin Hall, j Fyf c William Fowler, ar.d William L. Heruy Tl o c ily maturity of Mr like that cf many s !lprs Alexander Craighead, ouicei and UuLcrt J sirlea on mid .u nnier-dHy ! On the favourable side of other great men, stnns partly to be accounted for hy j Will, champion. j , e c . nse , with respect fo the prime conceister, and tlie, ner, prep eluded the l'i TORr, .Tidy 5, If-'21. T!ic Annual General Meeting of tho Fumrir l-u -d-his attainment of the laitei rn his 25th yeas, ai'e Sorict'i oi Kin fare, of which 'the Ri ht II strong circumstances. Talking.-Thero is one mortal offence @m women for which they have been, more than once, rated roundly by the satirists. All women, says one of j the Funds of the Society were found to Ik in u high , our malevolent old drai atist?, mve six senses that! flourishing condition. 'F!.ey then proceeded to the cioc-is seeing, hearing, tasting, smelling, toucl.ing, and the tion of Oilicc-bearer for the ensuing year, when the last and feminine sense, the sense of spatMing. Wo ! foil the Haul of Kintoiu , hr. , condescended to become mien i Patron, was held here on the 2d inst. After entering d 30 young Members, and eo@iitUing Half-year'@ @@@@fithe Funds of the Society Due-lands, particularly heavy. Heps have suffered much from the easterly winds. Potatoes are a considerable bv.'adth, and the plant full as forward as could be ex@ pected. Turnip sowing has been early this season, and the Swedes have been r.ome time above ground. All hope is relinquished of a good crop of fruit, except, perhaps, of later fruits. Cattle and sheep, fat or lean, abundant, and at very moderate prices with an ap@ pearance of a N ill farther reduction in price of all the necessaries of life. 10. To consist of tlrat il 81i£T YARD in the Tou t, of iarmouth, hounded by Mr fcitetnaon'sr Property at the North, J m@c Carmichael's, at the East@ asd a Lane at the WtKt. For further particulars, application may be made to Mr Robert Bain, Write . Elgin, who will give direction@ for pointing out the Lots, and furnish a l necessary in@ formation as to Rents, the lidding@ of the Possessor , and tho Public and Parochial Burdens affecting the Lands or to John M'Andrew, Solicitor in Inverness, who will shew the Deeds in virtue of which tlie Property is offered for Sale. XEir STAMP OFFICE. lowing Members were elected, z. . XPei eu s circumstances of the country allowed it gradually to be token off', a small ruty only being left upon tlie'Organ sine, our marmftc-@turc would have nothing to dread from the competition of French silks, even if permitted to bt iRtroduced upon a duty of irom 12 to If per cent, and a considerable aug@ mentation upon the export might at the same time be jea-@sonubly expected. ft' it was found impracticable to make any f.p?edy re@ duction in the duty on raw silk, without the aubetitution . of another, it mfiphi d.serve consideration whether it J ways both ready and willing to speak. Women have d might not. with safety to the revenue, he transferred to ' the manufactured art'ule, by which all the inconvenience 'Wiping froni advknce of capital and the necessity of draw@ backs might be avoided. feel rather inclined to suspect, that the lords and mas- FRANCIS ABKL, President, ters of this goodly creation would not bo very well con- Geo. Low, V. P. tent to allow the laxt cf these senses to be the exclusive William Malcolm, tr m r Thcmas Ctuick nark, privilege cf their fair partner . So far indeed from John Smith, jun. Alov. Yv .tt, and Arthur Carrie, such a concession, that they have absolutely rnor.opo- jun. stewards John AnnanJ and Win. Smith, key-lized the power cf speaking par atcellenca to -the ex- I bearers James Abel and Janie. Stephen, assessors Ar-clubionghter fov pouring 1 by Peter Reid, Vintner in Kin tore, when a Ball com-forth a gay ten minutes rattle in the overflowing gaiety j monccd, which was kept up with mirth and courivia-of her youthful heart. While a man i talking stupid sense, you hear a woman uttering lively nonsense and the latter commodity is infinitely more estimable in our opinion. Theie arc very few men that know how to converse. You see many a man like Add@L n, who cau draw on his banker for III,000, but who has not nine-pence in ready cash, to contribute as his share in conversation. Women, on the contrary, are nl-iSltsrfilaneous articles. jjfdca.-Mr Campbell, the missionary, whose for-5T-r @wa@rds into South Africa arc before the public, has I.'2f£ returned after another journey equally interesting. He j r. te l SCO miles from Cape Town, a greater - Gv.G any oilier traveller w hose good fortune it has tofcn to re ,. n. and considerably beyond Latakoo. lit has d. iovcr d several new and large towns. The populr-ti@@ @M @omc of tho e amount to 10,000 or@ p Y.on# the people friendly and docile, pos-ts@nir.y much skill in the manufacture of pottery, in nowfitin@ of iron, and other useful arts besides @q in@ telligent as to know the value of, and vri h for, tiu in@ troduction cf better infermed artizaKs Tin y hav@ likewise desired ir.Urionaricft to l a sert e. .. Mr Lu@fMngton, of the tr asnry,,' n rep.y to u letter from C. yt. Burreli, E j- M.P. itas sign i jhd ip.t far-'' vrj'l i.ot be prevented fr@@ vr ti ui l ieable -a most graceful way of talking about nothing, which men, in their wisdom, esteem beneath their powers.-Tite French ladies are pre-eminent in this art and af@ ter them the Irish ladies bold the most distinguished place. It is absolutely Marvellous to lir.ten to two sisters, who hove been parted for three weeks-, edify@ ing each other with their mutual stores cf intelligence, of which their bt others would have disburdened them@ selves in one-tenth of the time. - X w Monthly Maga@ zine. Gold Coin.- m King James the 1st coined hi@ 22 shilling piece of gold, called Jacubusscs, where, on his head, he wore a Crewn after that, lie coined his twenty sftillinf.s, and were the laurel instead of the @Gown upon jvliich mutation, Ren Johnson said plea-lity to an early hour next morning. Within the last twelve months nearly 10@@@@@0 Members have joined this excellent Socitiv. THE CO ll OX A TtOW. young CO CRT OF SESSION. Pawnbrokers-?.I'Lachlan u. Yount.. This was an action against a pawnbroker to recover the value of u pair of she@as pawned with APLnchlati, the suspevder. A 'wr the expiry of a year. Young, ti e charger, sent to ledecm the pledge, when the pawnbrok@ er said, tV.-j time @@Ing expired, the goods were now for@ feited, cot s tjuc '.ly could not be given. 'oung, how@ ever, notvdihstan.ding of this, raised an action against the pswru.-ok@' before the niagistrates of Glasgow, for the amount oj the a. tick' to wi.-ich she appeared, and found@ ed in M ppoi't of be - right so to act, upon the statute, Jfith ai d 41 tli Ao. iii. cap. IHi. The rnagistrutes, however, u Found lhac ll'.eru Is nothing in the statute referred to, to eu ersed. the right v Mo! the pu@mier has at common law t -. insist fur an account of the proceeds of the sale of the ! ads r,-fried to or an account of the manner in which the said goods ln.vc been disposed of. This judg@ ment was orcaabi under h e viwicw of the Court of Fes-•.iotj, by lull Oi suspension, winch was passed by Lo?d Crai.io, A.oid Ordi .i y officiating on the bills ar.d af@ ter wavds l 2lith June luffl , the letters were simplicittr suspended-thus bidding, that the time for redeeuJing tlie pledge, via. twelve months, having expired before appli@ cation. was made, the rigid of property @m the article pledg@ ed became vested in the pawnbtaker. santly, that poets being iilwpys poor, bay fault? as fcvi oi i-c- prevented fn 1 £ fc v -sk car beit v'4 ct thir tl c cmidfrtjs of wit t! an wealth, !i James no sootier began to wear them, but h Adltinps in the pound in pnblbjuc vvluuli n. -Frng-rricnia Anlica, lt'62. j The drc.ss of each gentleman pensioner at the core ?ruvtion, is, we aie told, to contain one thousand two @@naked sugar-loaf buttons. If each cf these is to lmv@@@@c respective button hole, the genii nun had better coimr.fuicc dressing imuiccdat'ffy. U-i they be tcc late fv hc eeicciony. A warrant of d@Loensation is passing, to enable the several Knights Grand Grosses of tlie Rath, nominat@ ed @inee the lust installation, 1st June, 1319, to wear the collar, mantle, e. of the Order, as though itc-@tually arid formally installed. Govevnrne t will provide for each Knight Grand Cross, a superb crimso@@@@@@n mantle, lined with white taffeta, and the star embroidered on the left shoulder •, a black @wlvet hat, a sword and belt, grid @enair of@g@lL spurs. In like manner, there will be provided for the Knights Commanders w ! o may alien@ the solemnity, a short crimson satin mantle, with t@@int@@ of the se@ cond class of the order embroidered thereon, arid fasr toned by a gold cordon swoyu and bell, black velvet hat, and a pa@h of gilt spurs. 'i'he train be irc. ■- of his M dc. ty nlrr dy appointed, are, tlie Marque, of Dimro, '-'.a to tlif Duke of Wel@ lington Earl cf n.cwdm , son of @hv Marquis ofj ? Hastings Earl of Brock nock, son ot il o Marquis of I ' l Camden A'isi-oui.l ii.gea ilv, sou i me thirl of Tal@ bot Isaie of U'N'!.'.avi e e, scuof'. - .Vl .rquis of Cirol-@moteleley and Viscount Crunbouri.ej nub ufi.be Mar@ quis of Salisbury. Mr Dyniccke, in tbu hone hot be u yy ho ho@ nour of personating the character of Ids Majesty's Champion on the J y of eorominou, bos I ecu for sortie time taking le@mons vi V tUy's viding srha J, and hns tif.V - . ■ i - J. A p.-.'itr la • iftnt 'f a ulvu-XAVAL PROMOTIONS . Mil NTS. ixi Avroixr-To tlie rank of Post Captain.-Captain George Cornish Gain bier. To the rank of Commander.-The Right lion. th@ Lari of Huntingdon, the Right Hon. Lord Henry Thymic, and Lieutenants Robert Andoc, Price Black@ wood, and David Pear. To lui! rank of Lieutenant.-Messrs. Adolphus Fit .i I.nonce, Thomas Evans, 'Jliomas James, Parker I . Bingham, Edward Shacklock, John Jones, 'lias. J. F. Newton, Edward Digby, Willoughby Lake, Stewart N. lnglis, Hon. Richard Saunders Dimdas, and Thomas A. Lewis. To the rank of Surgeon.-Mr. Hugh Ferguson, Vice-Admiral Sir Benjamin Hallowe@d, Knight ComuifwidiT of the Order of the Bath, to he Com-m.ind- i'.in Ghief@at Sle.-erness, vice Rear-Admiral Sir John Gi re, v. liove p. i d of service iian expired. Guptiiins Henry P -scott, to the Aurora Sir Mur-@r@i Maxwell, to the Bulwark Price Blackwood, to tue Curlew @@@'. Gambler, to the Dauntless Wil@ liam N y@k, to tJ c G an net F. L. Maitland, to the Genoa @. R. Dawkins, to the Helicon James Li lit rap, to the .Hyperion. Alexander Skene, to the Impregnable C. G. Askew, to the IWiUtin J. B. Cl iKrcm to the lo@w und Chiurlc .Dashwowl, to tlie Yfiv .l.ov C'ftL. With respect to Sir John Marjoribarrks connec tion with the new Stamp Offlc ? and the Regent's Bridge, wc could wish that Mr. Hume had been more faithfully informed-we could wish that he hau known Edinburgh as it was, and as it is, and we are sure that, instead of endeavouring to throw any obloquy cm Sir Jolm Marjoribanks for any connection he had with tlie Regent's Bridge, he would join with us in tlie opinion wc have frequently taken occasion to express, that we are deeply indebted to tlie spirited exertions of that, gentleman, without which, in all probability, Edinburgh would never have undergone the splendid improvement it has experienced by tire access to tlie Gallon I Till being tluov n open to our most public street, and brought as it were into the centre of out-city. We remember when this improvement was tulk-@ed of, and looked upon as perfectly chimerical. The difficulty and the cxpence seemed to interpose such insurmountable barriers, that the idea was banished almost without reflection, and it was only in conse@ quent e of a proposal having been made tc build a Jail in front of Prince's Street, that some individuals were induced to try the levels, and speculate on the possibi 1 ity of connecting Prince's Street@with the Gallon Hill, where abundance of room would be found for prisons, or any thing else that the extension of Edinburgh now rendered indispensable. Sir John was then our Chief Magistrate, he suw the advantages of the plan, and immediately adopted the vicw.s of those that re@ commended it and wc believe, with a facility incre@ dible even to himself-so warmly was lie seconded by those who were inteiested, that the necessary arrange@ ments were made in a very short space of time-a splen@ did entrance was added to our own romantic city@ aiul a stieet created not inferior in splendour to any in the empire. It was on the ground which came to be sold in this street tlmt the ConnYiissionecs depended for a conside@ rable share of the expence, and this ground was expos@ ed to public auction. The stances on out side went off pretty freely, but those on the other hung for some time in the market, when Sir John,, anxious that these stances should present no stop lo the proceedings, took the whole upon himself, and at tins- time, wc are convinced without contemplating any connection what@ ever with tho Stamp oiffee.'Edinburgh Paper. TStrtb . On tlie 23th ult. at his house in Marlborough Square, Brompton, Mrs. Mackenzie, Lady of Tho@ mas Mackenzie, Esq. of a son. At Paris, the Lady of Earl POULFTT, of a son. At Paris, on the 22d ult. Lady Buchan, of a son. At Portsmouth, on tlio 2d curt, the Right Hon. Lady Greenock, of a daughter. At Putney, on the 27th ult. the Lady of John Pa terson, Ksq. Captain of the- lion. East India Coro-pony's ship Repulse, of a yen. 39ftrrtfi rf . At Walsale, on the 14th ult. J. S. Bhown, Esq. merchant, Edinburgh, to Ma@ma, youngest daughter @' tho late Jolm Badger, Emj. Laymore House, Staf@ fordshire. On the Sd curt, by the Rev. Archibald Alison, Wm Macdowall, Esq. advocate, to Miss Elizabeth Christian Dcndas, third daughter of Mr Jaimes Dun-@das of Oc@bUrtyrc, clerk to the signet. At Dacca, Bengal, on the 27th February JaMFS Charles Maclean, of tlie 11th native infantry, to Elizabeth Margaret, eldest daughter of Richard Owen Wynne, Chief Judge at Dacca. At Weymouth, on the 28th ult@ Thomas Gordon,, Esq. of Islington, Ixmdcn, to Sarah, fourth daugh@ ter of Will km Oakley, Esq. late Mayor of that xx-@rough. lTearh@u At Edinburgh, on tin? 15th ult. Elizabeth, eldest daughter of George S ndila.n is, Esq. At Edinburgh, on tto 29th ult. Mr A LEX. Dal-@MAiiOY, St. Andrew's Street. At Florence@ on the 3d ult. Jamvs Wentworth Murray, Esq. On the 13th ult. Dr HaoCP, Professor of Music in the University of Cambridge. At Gosport, on the 19th ult. in the@SOth year of his age, Major W. Bennett, Royal Engineers. At his seat. Pinner-grove, Middlesex, Sir F. Mil-@Man, Bare. M. D. F. ft. S. iu the 7Sth year of Ilk age. . FROM A JAMAICA NEWSPAPER. Virttisr o t funera v@hit. Died in Trelawr.cy Parish, Jamaica, on Thursday the 2d March, Urqfkaut Gillespie, Ksq. in tkeflOth year of h s age. after a reskltnce of tiity-six yearn in the island. His funeral wax respectably and r.umurcmsiy at-@tended, and all evinced a @xwtiJtient of sincere regrtt aril due homage to his departed worth. The writer of thi@ short acwjur.t had great opportunities of knowing him well and intimately, arid though he w ishes to pay a just tribute to his various merits, he is perfectly unswayed by the partiality of friendship lor, alut ! of what serv@@n tc die departed can an eulcgium in a, newspaper be ? A character, however, ho respectable for public and piiva.c virtues, adorned by the h.ftppy con n at on cf gtt t natural cr.dowmcr tx, with a@cuhiVaud mind, and thv @@@dn •icol stor x of ancient learning, cannot, and perhap@eoug t not to pass without some observation. No person could have adopted with move propriety sunvitcr in modo. fortiter iu re, as a motto for his character. His wh l@ life was an illustration of the former and his memorable letters to General Nugcut, displaying rolixbcd ecnipc ,-@tion, with a just ar.d honourable resentment- evince@@d, latter. He was born in Old .Mcldrum, a rillage in the north of Scotland, of respcctal le parents. He te k his atad@f mic l degree in the University of New Aberdeen@ where he also first stud@ud Medicine, and altn wards at Edin@ burgh. He seems to have been fitted by nature for the study of his profession, for lie possessed great sagacity, uncommon sweetnerx of temper, wu.devful strength and acccracy of rcvolluction, and a natural activity'toth ot' in on court of justiciary. Monday the Court having met, Daniel Aitchi@wn was placed at the bar, accused of beiag coru emed art and part in the thcftuously abstracting from the person of Dr. Robert Burt a gold watch, with gold chain and appendages, at the head of Bank Street, in Edinburgh, on the 20th of November last tto prisoner wax also charged with being habit ar,d repute a thief. The in@ dictment having been vesd, tlie prisoner pleaded Not Guilty. The Jury returned t written ecrdict, finding the prisoner, by a plurality of vo efe, Guilty art and part of the crime libelled. The Lord Advocate restricted the libel, and the prisoner was sentenced to transpor@ tation for fourteen years. Michael M'C dh m was placed at tlie bar, diargpd with abstracting a bundle, containing wearing apparel,@@ receipt of the Commercial Bank tbr £1200, and a j Variety at otS' r a, ticb -s, frotil Uiv Watorloo k'uuwti on body find mind, wl-.iih never permitted indolence. It@@@ exceedingly probable, that had hit destinatiep been u f TO ecute the science of Medicine in Britain, he would ir.ve arrived at g@nat eminence as there to would have l ad more oj portu@mcies of leisure, and inhte@@ourse with lit-. avy men, with more abstraction from other pursuits of lift but even as it was, he has written very respect -@bly and usefully on several subjects of tlie healing art. A gradual decay of nature a Tor dud him tue fullest indication of his approaching dissolution, and lie w .., finite placid and resigned. The illner.s which carried on this valuable member of society at last, was rfhort ?n@@@@ du.ation ar.d alluding to that circumstance, hi- mij i have exclaimed with Garth,-u k To dia, is landing on@@ silent shore fc M f lierabiU wh neidier break nor tempest@ roar-u 4 Ere we can feel the@f@itnuRy stroke@ @tis o'er.' In line, his life, though not interwoven with many in@i. dents of a remarkable nature, was a life of virtue and his public spirit, hospitality@ urbanity, avid tlie various excclle@aeus of liis enltgj.taxed mind, will be long rcnicu,-bc-retL He died, too, in the per fact txe@niie of his senses, and possessed of the lVusvcU and regard of h.s sur irin fritmto OSankruprg. Creditors of Donald Macconal , tacksman @f Xloimr and Dubbiock. mewt@iu John Cumorcn's, writer in Dingwall, JOtb July. A LEXAJ DtCIt Kei MaN, breuxf nnd baker in Ai cv riven, has applied fer i J syhcu 1
[ GS_aligned] ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Lot 3. To co@@nsist of t@hat PARK of LAND in the common Sheals, possessed by Robert Milne, surrounded by a low feal dyke, consisting of about two Acres in ex- tent, having a ditch dividing it from John Clark's Lands at the South, t@he@ road leading from Mathewmill to the Shore at the North, John Macandy's Lands on the East, and Alexander Hay's at the West, together with the Leen or Pa@sture Lands as particularly meit@hed and marched, ly- ing to the eastward and westward thereof. Lot 4. To consist of t@hat BANK-FACE in the Brae of @Garmouth, possessed by Alexander Duncan, Wood Merchant there, consisting of about three quarters of an Acre, bounded by John Maca@ndy's Bank at the West, John Brenner's at the East, the top of the Brae at@ the South, @and the Ditch or Stank at the Braefoot at the North, together with a part of a Bank lying to the East- ward thereof, having John Bre@mner's at the West, and that belonging to the heirs of James Duncan, at the South- East. Lot @5. To consist of those TWO @RIGGS in the Sandy Field possessed by the Heirs of Donald Buie, consisting of about Two Acres, bounded by the Lands of John M'Andy at the South, and those pertaining to W@m. Win- chester and t@he heirs of Charles Burgess, respectively, at the North, extending from the Long@ Lands Road at the East, to the Lands of Mathewmill at the West, together with Two Riggs of Ends adjoining the foresaid Two Riggs above described at the North, and towards the West End thereof. Lot 6. To consist of those FOUR RIGGS in the Sandy Field in the possession of Mr James Steinson, consisting of about @ﬁve Acres, having William Thomson's Lands at the North, and the heirs of James Duncan at the South, extending from t@he Long Lands Road at the East to the Lands of ########### at the West. Lot 7. To consist of those FOUR RIGGS in the @Crosshill, consisting of about two and a half Acres, pos- sessed by Alexander Duncan, Wood Merchant, extend- ing over the Hill in a curved line from t@he Road leading past Mathewmill to the town of Gar@mouth at t@he South, to the Cadger Road at the West, a@nd bounded by Alex- ander @Hay and William Winchester's Lands at the ######################################################################################################################################################## 7. To consist of ##################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### to the town of Garmouth, at the South, go@ing cir-@ cuitously over the Hill toward the Cadger Road at the West, having William @Winchester's Lands at the East ################################### Edinburgh, @on the 6t@h of February-to which the prisoner plead@ed Not Guilty. T@his trial occupied the Court till six o'clock in the evening, when t@he Jury returned an unanimous verdict of Guilty, and the prisoner was sentenced to 1@4 years' transportation. W@hile the Constitutional Association, says the@@@ Ne@w Times, is threatened with new attacks by tho@se ####### able gentlemen, young Mr Whitbread, and Mr Ex- Sheri@ﬀ Parkins, it @has t@he satisfaction of receiving most solid testimonies of ################# pe@rsons of t@he high- est rank and respectability. Lord Viscount Pow@ers- court @has made a remittance of no less than £@300 to the funds of the society ! This muni@ﬁcent donation was accompanied with a letter, still more gratifying, if possible, to t@he committee, whose undertaking his Lordship justly designates as a christian, loyal, and constitutional work. Being a native says this nobleman, of another part of @his Majesty's do@mini- ons, where it is my intention always to live, I should not per@@haps have sent a subscription to your Associa- tion, were it not, that at this time it appears to me, that every lover of his God, @his King, and his coun- try, should stand boldly forward to stem t@he torrent of@ in@ﬁdelity and disa@ﬀection. PREMATU@RE INTE@RMENT. Stephen Evans, a Welchman, one of the hands@ of t@he Harriot, of Milford, lying at Wexford, was bu- ried in Selskar Church-yard, at one o'clock in the af- ternoon of Thursday se'ennight. He was supposed to have died on the Tuesday preceding. On Friday two boys climbed t@he wall of the Church-yard for the put- pose of robbing a bird's nest. One of them stood on t@he gra@ve in which Evans was interred, and while the other was ascending for the nest, called out to him that he heard@ a strange noise in the graze, on which they immediately gave the alarm. An immens@e con- course of people soon collected, and the body was dug up, when a spectacle truly horrible presented itself the functions of life had been restored in the co@@ﬃn, but were only restored that the miserable su@ﬀerer might experience all t@he horrors of a lingering death in this most dreadful situation. The struggles of the unhappy victim appeared to have been violent. By a late act of the Senate of New York, habitual drunkards may be proceeded against, the manage- @ment of their estates taken from them, and they placed under the direction of t@he Court of Chancery, as in cases of lunacy. The Report of the Committee of the House of Com- mons on the state of London Bridge, recommends an application being made next session for a new Bridge to be erected, of @ﬁve arches, on the present site, or as near to it as possible. The expence, they consider, may @be defrayed without any toll, the Bridge @House Estates having £112,000 in hand, besides a rental of £@25,000 per annum. Another Tragedy has been received from Lord Byron. ################################################################################# Mo@at and Colin Fowler, do. Alex. Topp @@and ####### Russel, ######################## ##################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### OF THE KING'S STAG- HOUNDS. T@he King's stag-hounds were lately brought hither for t@he purpose of washing them in t@he sea. Since their arrival they have been almost daily immersed in the brine of ocean, and on account of growing symp- toms of hydrophobia, w@ere often kept in the water un- til they were nearly exhausted, to ren@der the remedy e@ﬀective. But all would not do-the evil apprehend- ed a few days ago began so unequivocally to shew it- self, that it became dangerous to enter the kennel.-The matter, of course, was duly reported, and an or- der, in consequence, arrived from the Marquis of Cornwallis, the Master of the Stag-@hounds, for the whole of the pack here to be destroyed without further delay, which order was carried into instantaneous ef- fect, and four-and-twenty couple of the most valuable and best-trained dogs, were presently breathless.-They were dispatched by the whipper-in and feeder, the huntsman, SHARP, could not witness t@he slaugh- ter the voice of every @dog was known to him-he could almost hold a conversation with them. The i@n-@ eﬃcacy of sea-water immersions, in eases of canine madness, is thus amply proved. ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################# Report of the Select Committee of t@he House of Lords on t@he means of extending and securing the Foreign Trade of the Country, has just been printed. Their attention has been directed to the Silk and @Wine Trades. With respect to the latter, the Committee do not feel themselves justi@ﬁed in recommending any ma- terial alteration, until some disposition is evinced by t@he French Government to facilitate such an arrange- ment, by making some concession in favour of articles of British manufacture. They a@dd, however, that it may be worth considering, whether the subst@hution of a Daty ad valor@em, for that which is now taken by measure upon French Wines, would not lead to an in- creased consumption, a@nd contribute, without detri- ment to the Revenue, to the accommodation of the British consumer. In regard to the Silk Trade, the Committee declare, that they are upon the whole of opinion- That it would be highly detrime@ntal to ###################### has so long enjoyed an ex@clusive protection, @@and has been but lately brought to a@ny great degree of #################### abruptly to take o@ﬀ #################### duties upon ############### but considering the ten- ########################## @@@which @has for some time ma- nifested itself in the home mar@@ket, a very small diminu- tio@n of the duty upon the raw material might be expected to produce consi@derable e@ﬀect in giving an increased stea- diness to t@he manufacture a@nd if the ################################################################################# that t@he owner of house would come out in due form but @ﬁnding nobody in atten- dance, ha walked in, placed himself in the ################################################# he used to stand during t@he operation of ########################## and on the smith's coming in, he instantly ################################### his errand, by holding up t@he ####################################### after, t@he owner of @the horse having missed him, ############################ smithy in the course of his ############################################# his @no small surprise ######### smith ############################# on a s@hoe I -Dumfries ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################ in his ############################################################ strong circumstances. Talking.-There is one mortal o@ﬀence in women for which they have been, more than once, rated roundly by the satirists. All women, says one of ########################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## condescended to beco@@@m@e@@@ Patron, was held here on the 2d inst. After entering @@30 young Members, and collecting Half-year's Dues, the Funds of the Society ######################################## su@ﬀered much from the easterly winds. Potatoes are a considerable b@readth, and the plant full as forward as could be ex- pected. Turnip sowing has been early this season, and the Swedes have been @some time above ground. All hope is relinquished of a good crop of fruit, except, perhaps, of later fruits. Cattle and sheep, fat or lean, abundant, and at very moderate prices with an ap- pearance of a still farther reduction in price of all the necessaries of life. ################################################### of Garmouth, bounded by Mr @@Steinson's@ Property at the North, James Carmichael's@ at the East, and a Lane at the West. For further particulars, application may be made to Mr Robert Bain, Writer, Elgin, who will give directions for pointing out the Lots, and furnish all necessary in- formation as to Rents, the Holdings of the Possessors, and the Public and Parochial Burdens a@ﬀecting the Lands or to John M'Andrew, Solicitor in Inverness, who will shew the Deeds in virtue of which t@he Property is o@ﬀered for Sale. NE@W STAMP OFFICE. ######################################################### of the country allowed it gradually to be taken o@@ﬀ, a small duty only being left upon t@he Organ@zine, our manufac- ture would have nothing to dread from the competition of French silks, even if permitted to be introduced upon a duty of from 12 to 15 per cent. and a considerable aug- mentation upon the export might at the same time be rea- sonably expected. @If it was found impracticable to make any @speedy re- duction in the duty on raw silk, without the substitution @@of another, it m@ight deserve consideration whether it #################################################### ##### not, with safety to the revenue, be transferred to @@the manufactured article, by which all the inconvenience arising fro@m advànce of capital and the necessity of draw- backs might be avoided. ################################################################################# ters of this goodly creation would not be very well ######################### to allow the last of these senses to be the exclusive ###################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### which was kept up with mirth and ################################################################### you hear a woman uttering lively nonsense and the latter commodity is in@ﬁnitely more estimable in our opinion. There are very few men that know how to converse. You see many a man like Addison, who can draw on his banker for @£1,000, but who has not nine-pence in ready cash, to contribute as his share in conversation. Women, on the contrary, are ################################################# the missionary, whose for- mer travels into South Africa are before the public, has ############### after another journey equally interesting. He ############# miles from Cape Town, a greater ########## o@ther traveller w@hose good fortune it has @been ########### and considerably beyond Latakoo. @He has discovered several new and large towns. The popul@ation of some of those amount to 10,000 or ######## the people friendly and docile, pos- sessing much skill in the manufacture of pottery, in @smelting of iron, and other useful arts besides so in- telligent as to know the value of, and @wish for, the in- troduction of better informed ######## T@hey have likewise desired ############## to ########### ##### Lushington, of the treasury,@ in ##### to a letter from C. @M. Burrell, Esq. M.P. @has ########## ###################### be prevented from ########## ##################################################### which men, in their wisdom, esteem beneath their powers.-T@he French ladies are pre-eminent in this art and af- ter them the Irish ladies hold the most distinguished place. It is absolutely marvellous to li@sten to two sisters, who have been parted for three week@@, edify- ing each other with their mutual stores of intelligence, of which their b@rothers would have disburdened them- selves in one-tenth of the time.@-@New Monthly Maga- zine. GOLD COIN.-@@ King James the 1st coined his 22 shilling piece of gold, called Jacobusses, where, on his head, he wore a Crown after that, @he coined his twenty s@hillin@gs, and were the laurel instead of the Crown upon @@which mutation, Ben Johnson said ################################################### last twelve months nearly 10 young Members have joined this excellent Society. ################################################################################ This was an action against a pawnbroker to recover the value of a pair of sheets pawned with M'Lachla@n, the suspender. After the expiry of a year. Young, t@he charger, sent to redeem the pledge, when the pawnbrok- er said, t@@he time being expired, the goods were now for- feited, ############### could not be given. Young, how- ever, notwithstan@ding of this, raised an action against the paw@nbroker before the @magistrates of Glasgow, for the amount of the a@rticle to w@@hich she appeared, and found- ed in suppo@rt of he@r right so to act, upon the statute, @38th ######################### @99. The @magistrates, however,@@ Found that @@there is nothing in the statute referred to, to supersede the right which the pursuer has at common law @@in insist for an account of the proceeds of the sale of the goods referred to or an account of the manner in which the said goods @have been disposed of. This judg- ment was brought ######### review of the Court of Ses- sio@n, by bill or suspension, which was passed by Lord ######################## o@@ﬃciating on the bills a@nd af- ter@wards@@ 2@6th #### @1821 , the letters were simpliciter suspended-thus @ﬁnding, that the time for redee@ming t@he pledge, viz. twelve months, having expired before appli- cation@ was made, the right of property in the article pledg- ed became vested in the ####################################################################################################################################################################################################################### in the pound in publique valuation. ####### menta ####### @1662. @@The dr@ess of each gentleman pensioner at the cone@- nation, is, we are told, to contain one thousand two hundred sugar-loaf buttons. If each of these is to have its respective button hole, the ##### men had better co@m@@mence dressing ################## they be too ####################### warrant of dispensation is passing, to enable the several Knights Grand Crosses of t@he Bath, nominat- ed since the last installation, 1st June, 1812, to wear the collar, mantle, c. of the Order, as though @ac- tually a@nd formally installed. Govern@ment will provide for each Knight Grand Cross, a superb crimson satin mantle, lined with white ta@ﬀeta, and the star embroidered on the left shoulder@@@ a black velvet hat, a sword and belt, @and a #### of gilt spurs. In like manner, there will be provided for the Knights Commanders w@@ho may attend the solemnity, a short crimson satin mantle, with the star of the se- cond class of the order embroidered thereon, a@nd fas- tened by a gold cordon sword and belt, black velvet hat, and a pair of gilt spurs. @@The ################ ###### M@ajesty already appointed, are, t@he Marquis of ###### ######## t@he Duke of Wel- lington Earl of @Rawdon, son of the Marquis of@@@ Hastings Earl of Break@neck, son of @the ####### ofuis of ###### ################################ @Earl of Tal- bot ############################################## of C@hol- mo@ndeley and Viscount ####################### Mar- quis of Salisbury. Mr Dy@mocke, in the hope ############## ho- nour of personating the character of his Majesty's Champion on the day of ######################## so@@me time taking lessons at ####### riding ######################################################################## ######################################### rank of Post Captain.-Captain George Cornish Ga@@mbier. To the rank of Commander.-The Right @Hon. the Earl of Huntingdon, the Right Hon. Lord Henry Thynne, and Lieutenants Robert Andoe, Price Black- wood, and David Peat. To @the rank of Lieutenant.-Messrs. Adolphus Fit@@zclarence, Thomas Evans, @@Thomas James, Parker @D. Bingham, Edward Shacklock, John Jones, @Chas. J. F. Newton, Edward Digby, Willoughby Lake, Stewart N. Inglis, Hon. Richard Saunders Dundas, and Thomas A. Lewis. To the rank of Surgeon.-Mr. Hugh Ferguson. Vice-Admiral Sir Benjamin Hallowell, Knight Com@@mander of the Order of the Bath, to be ################ Chief at She@@erness, vice Rear-Admiral Sir John ###################### of service @has expired. Capt@ains Henry Prescott, to the Aurora Sir Mur- ray Maxwell, to the Bulwark Price Blackwood, to the Curlew G. C. Gambier, to the Dauntless Wil- liam Style, to #### G@an@net F. L. Maitland, to the Genoa W. R. Dawkins, to the Helicon James Lilli@erap, to the @Hyperion@ Alexander Skene, to the Impregnable C. C. Askew, to the @Martin J. B. ######## ###### Rose ############ Dashwood, to ######################################################################### with the new Stamp O@@ﬃc@e and the Regent's Bridge, we could wish that Mr. Hume had been more faithfully informed-we could wish that he had known Edinburgh as it was, and as it is, and we are sure that, instead of endeavouring to throw any obloquy on Sir John Marjoribanks for any connection he had with t@he Regent's Bridge, he would join with us in t@he opinion we have frequently taken occasion to express, that we are deeply indebted to t@he spirited exertions of that@ gentlemen, without which, in all probability, Edinburgh would never have undergone the splendid improvement it has experienced by t@he access to t@he Calton@@ Hill being thro@wn open to our most public street, and brought as it were into the centre of our city. We remember when this improvement was talk- ed of, and looked upon as perfectly chimerical. The di@@ﬃculty and the expence seemed to interpose such insurmountable barriers, that the idea was banished almost without re@ﬂection, and it was only in conse- quen@ce of a proposal having been made to build a JAIL in front of Prince's Street, that some individuals were induced to try the levels, and speculate on the possibi- lity of connecting Prince's Street with the Calton Hill, where abundance of room would be found for prisons, or any thing else that the extension of Edinburgh now rendered indispensable. Sir John was then our Chief Magistrate, he saw the advantages of the plan, and immediately adopted the view@s of those that re- commended it and we believe, with a facility incre- dible even to himself-so warmly was @he seconded by those who were interested, that the necessary arrange- ments were made in a very short space of time-a splen- did entrance was added to our own romantic city, a@nd a street created not inferior in splendour to any in the empire. It was on the ground which came to be sold in this street that the Co@@mmissioners depended for a conside- rable share of the expence, and this ground was expos- ed to public auction. The stances on one side went o@ﬀ pretty freely, but those on the other hung for some time in the market, when Sir John@, anxious that these stances should present no stop to the proceedings, took the whole upon himself, and at t@@he time, we are convinced without contemplating any connection what- ever with the Stamp o@ﬃce. -Edinburgh Paper. ####################################### in Marlborough Square, Brompton, Mrs. MACKENZIE, Lady of Tho- mas Mackenzie, Esq. of a son. At Paris, the Lady of Earl POULETT, of a son. At Paris. on the 22d ult. Lady BUCHAN, of a son. At Portsmouth, on t@he 2d curt. the Right Hon. Lady GREENOCK, of a daughter. At Putney, on the 27th ult. the Lady of #################### Captain of the@ @Hon. East India Com- pany's ship Repulse, of a son. ############## At Walsale, on the 14th ult. J. S. BROWN, Esq. merchant, Edinburgh, to MARIA, youngest daughter of the late John Badger, Esq. Laymore House, Staf- fordshire. On the 3d curt. by the Rev. Archibald Alison, ############# Esq. advocate, to Miss ########################### third daughter of Mr Ja@mes Dun- das of Ochtertyre, clerk to the signet. At Dacca, Bengal, on the 27th February JAMES ################### t@he 11th native infantry, to ################### eldest daughter of Richard Owen Wynne, Chief Judge at Dacca. At Weymouth, on the 28th ult. ############### Esq. of Islington, London, to SARAH, fourth daugh- ter of William Oakley, Esq. late Mayor of that bo- rough. @Deaths. At Edinburgh, on t@he 15th ult. ELIZABETH, eldest daughter of George Sandila@n@ds, Esq. At Edinburgh, on the 29th ult. Mr A@LEX. DAL- MA@HOY, St. Andrew's Street. At Florence, on the 3d ult. ####################### Esq. On the 13th ult. Dr HAGUE, Professor of Music in the University of Cambridge. At Gosport, on the 19th ult. in the 38th year of his age, Major W. BENNETT, Royal Engineers. At his seat, Pinner-grove, Middlesex, Sir F. MIL- MAN, Bart. M. D. F. @R. S. in the 75th year of his age. @@FROM A JAMAICA NEWSPAPER. Vir@tus post funera vivit. Died in Trelaw@ney Parish, Jamaica, on Thursday the 2d March, ########################### the 80th year of his age, after a residence of @ﬁfty-six years in the island. His funeral was respectably and @numerously at- tended, and all evinced a senti@@ment of sincere regret a@nd due homage to his departed worth. The writer of this short accou@nt had great opportunities of knowing him well and intimately, a@nd though he w@ishes to pay a just tribute to his various merits, he is perfectly unswayed by the partiality of friendship for, alas ! of what service to the departed can an eulogium in a@ newspaper be ? A character, however, so respectable for public and private virtues, adorned by the h@@appy ############## great natural @endowm@ents, with a culiated mind, and the clas- ##### stores of ancient learning, cannot, and perhaps ought not to pass without some observation. No person could have adopted with more propriety suaviter in modo, fortiter in re, as a motto for his character. His whole life was an illustration of the former and his memorable letters to General Nugent, displaying ################## tion, with a just a@nd honourable resentment, evince the latter. He was born in Old @Meldrum, a village in the north of Scotland, of respecta@ble parents. He took his acade- mical degree in the University of New Aberdeen, where he also @ﬁrst studied Medicine, and afterwards at Edin- burgh. He seems to have been @ﬁtted by nature for the study of his profession, for @he possessed great sagacity, uncommon sweetness of temper, wonderful strength and accuracy of recollection, and a natural activity ############################################## Court having met, Daniel Aitchison was placed at the bar, accused of being concerned art and part in the theftuously abstracting from the person of Dr. Robert Burt a gold watch, with gold chain and appendages, at the head of Bank Street, in Edinburgh, on the 20th of November last the prisoner was also charged with being habit a@nd repute a thief. The in- dietment having beer read, t@he prisoner pleaded Not Guilty. The Jury returned a written verdict, @ﬁnding the prisoner, by a plurality of voices, Guilty art and part of the crime libelled. The Lord Advocate restricted the libel, and the prisoner was sentenced to transpor- tation for fourteen years. Michael M'Callum was placed at t@he bar, charged with abstracting a bundle, containing wearing apparel, a receipt of the Commercial Bank for £1200, and a @@variety of ######################### the ###################################################################### It is exceedingly probable, that had his destination ################# the science of Medicine in Britain, he would @have arrived at great eminence as there he would have @had more o@pportunities of leisure, and in@tercourse with lit@erary men, with more abstraction from other pursuits of life but even as it was, he has written very respecta- bly and usefully on several subjects of t@he healing art. A gradual decay of nature a@ﬀor@ded him the fullest indication of his approaching dissolution, and ################ placid and resigned. The illne@ss which carried oﬀ this valuable member of society at last, was @short in its duration a@nd alluding to that circumstance, h@e might have exclaimed with Garth,-@ ' To dis, is landing on a silent ######################## neither break nor tempests roar-@ ' Ere we can feel the friendly stroke. 'tis o'er.' In @ﬁne, his life, though not interwoven with many inci- dents of a remarkable nature, was a life of virtue and his public spirit, hospitality, urbanity, a@nd t@he various excellencies of @his enlig@htened mind, will be long ############### He died, too, in the per@fect exercise of his senses, and possessed of the esteern and regard of his ############################ Creditors of ################# ######## of ###### and Dabbreck, meet in John Cameron's, writer in Dingwall, 10th July. ############################# and baker in Abor- @deen, has applied for ###########