[OCR_toInput] f c-Ora pWV-4 uU Pactft an'Ci OR YORKSHIRE AND LINCOLNSHIRE GENERAL ADVERTISER. ?Vt f rn f -. timber jK TUESDAY, January 1, 1828 PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY T. TOPPING, AT THE OFFICE, 51 LOWGATE, HULL. Price 7d.-Vol 42 -No. 2250. TO THE PATRONS OF Still Duhrt Jr Santbfr fftcrturp, AND TUF. PUBLIC IX GF. XERAL. Impressed with feelings of gratitude and respect, the Proprietor of The Hui.i. Packet and Humped Mercury returns liis sincere acknowledgments to his Friends and the Public, for the liberal support afforded to the undertaking in which he has engaged. In connecting himself with this concern, as a fair and honourable speculation, lie was in-flucnqpd chiefly by the persuasion, that a Journal so long established, and at one period possessing so large a share of public favour, could not fail, if conducted with spirit, to rise in generr.l estimation, and to attain ultimately such respectability in circulation and commercial patronage as would amply repay his exertions. In pursuance of this object, various improvements were introduced into the typographical department of The Packet the size of the sheet was considerably enlarged, and other arrangements were adopted, by which not only the amount of miscellaneous reading contained in the old paper was nearly doubled, but a greater quantity and variety of matter presented to the reader, in this publication, than in either of the other papers printed in Hull. The event has proved that the efforts of the Proprietor to raise this publication to eminence, as a most useful and interesting Provincial Journal, have been fully appreciated by a liberal and discerning Pubhc. The result has already exceeded his most sanguine anticipations not only has the circulation of The Packet obtained, in the space of two months, an increase of subscribers unprecedented in so short a period, but the numerous favours of the mercantile and other classes, which appear in its columns weekly, prove it to be alveady firmly established as an eligible vehicle for Advertisements, and Notices of every description.-In return for the extensive support he has received, the Proprietor, in acknowledging the heartfelt obligations he is under to his numerous Friends and the Public generally, takes this opportunity to express his intention to spare no pains or ex ienseto sustain the credit already acquired by The Hull Packet and Humber Mercury, and to meet with spirit, and with alacrity, competition of every description. In accordance with this determination, he respectfully an nounces, that arrangements are now in progress for increasing the size of this Journal by the ADDITION of FOUR FULL COLUMNS, in width the twenty-four columns of which the paper will then consist, to be of such additional length, as may appear consistent with symmetry and fair proportion. A compensation will thus be given to the general reader, for the space occupied by the Advertisements and Notices so liberally contributed to The Packet, through the kindness of its commercial friends, and for the room unavoidably taken up by the Markets, Shipping Intelligence, and other articles, valuable to men of business, but conducing little to the . interest and attractions of a Newspaper. So very important an increase of space will enable the conductors of this paper to devote more attention to many subjects of a popular cliaracter, that have been necessarily curtailed in their limits in preceding publications, and to impart in other respects an improved feature to this Journal. The Parliamentary proceedings of the ensuing Session, under the present cir cumstances of the country, will possess a paramount claim upon the attention of all classes of the community. By the increased size of this paper, its conductors will be enabled to present the reader with a faithful transcript of the most important Debates, without abridging the local, mercantile, agricultural, and other intelligence, interesting to the readers of a Provincial Journal. The period during which this pub lication has been conducted by the parties at present engaged in it has been so short, that it would be presumptuous to allude particularly to their past labours. It will merely be remarked, tliat the tone of candour and impartiality hitherto distinguishing its pages, will continne to be maintained and that every exertion will be made to render its contents useful, varied, and entertaining.-In conclusion, we beg our numerous Friends to' accept from us tlie compliments of the season, which we hope it will be our fortune to pay to them for many succeeding years, assuring them, that our congratu lations flow from hearts grateful for their kind and liberal support. 1 R. NORRIS'S FEVER DROPS . T HIS celebrated Medicine is allowed to be superior to any other remedy in all cases of Fevers, Sore Throats Slow Fevers, commonly called Nervous,Typhus Fever, and Agues, and ail those Disorders which arise from obstructed perspira tion. In hot climates, where Fluxes and Bilious Complaints are very prevalent, especially in the West Indies and America, these Drops are, bv extensive and successful experience, proved to be invaluable. They produce perspiration m the most gentle and easy manner, and without giving the Patient the least disturbance or uneasiness. These Drops, given agreeablv to the direction in tlie several and distinct cases not a single instance has ever come to the knowledge of Dr Norris, in which they have failed to cure. Purchasers are requested to observe that the genuine preparation of Norris's Drops, will have engraved on tlie Stamp Thomas Norris Moore. Price 2s. 9d.-1 Is. and in Family Bottles 22s, csclii Sold by T. Topping, R. Allanson, Moxon, Smith Co. Hammond, Turner Co. Ross Burton, Healey, Hudson, Wilkinson,and Lofthouse,Hull Kenmngham, Tigar, Turner, and Ramsdon, Beverley Dixon, Barton Sherwood, Drif field Faiigray, Bridlington Fox, Bridlington-Quay and all Medicine Venders. SO .0,1 0.V CORDIAL JIAL.V OF GILEAD I S a most agreeable ami powerful restorative in all Nervous Dis. orders. This celebrated Cordial is peculiarly efficacious m Inward Wasting , Loss of Appetite, Indigestion, Depression of Spirits, Trembling or Staking of tlie Hands, sliortne of Breath and Consumptive Habits. It eases tlie most violent Pains in the Head and Stomach, and promotes gentle perspiration. By the Nobility and Gentry this Medicine is much admired, being pleasant to tlie taste and smell, gently astringing the fibres of the stomach and citrine that proper tone which a good digestion requires. Nothing c m be better adapted to assist the constitution which has been much in lured by the irregularities of youth, habits of studious application, a life of pleasure, or a residence in hot climates or those wdio from anv cause have fallen into a despondent state of mind or that dis-. 'sine train of svmiitoms, commonly denominated the Nervous. persons Ita nentaf powers are not le enfeebled than the corporeal, and to them a remedy that acts wflh prompt efficacy, W lti inu t interfering with domestic habits, is peculiarly desirable. SoW by T T pping, Allanson, Turner and Co. and Radford, Hull Turner, Beverley and all respectable Medicare enders in bottles at lls. each, and family bottles, containing the quantity or 0fthe ANTUMPETIGINES, or SOLOMON'S DROPS They are an effectual cure for such disorders as originate in a depraved habit of the body, as obstinate eruptions undue evacuations, chronic rheumatism, and the consequences of insidious Jr . It is a truly mild, safe, and effectual remedy, and the best sub. si itute hitherto discovered for that dangerous mineral M-mny. it is e-'tually well adapted to both sexes, and all ages, there are tew f imilies in which its great utility docs not admit of easy proof as a purifier of the Wood and a promoter of tlie natural secretions. Illustrations of the efficacy of tlie Cordial Bntm of Ciltad, and oi tne Aoli- lmprtini.es, are given in the Guide to Health, which also con. tains much interesting information on health and disease, particularly on tiie origin and treatment of such disorders as result from im prudence and fashionable vices. Sold in bottles price its. and 33s. each. Observe Sami Solomon Liverpool, is engraved on the Government stamp affixed to each The Fiy Pound Cares may be had at Gilead-House, as heretofore ROBBERDS't COUCH DROPS. m Drops have been long esteemed for their superior efficacy I in coughs, Colds, Asthmas, and Consumptions they are the invention of an Apothecary ofcon itkrable practice, who stakes l.is reputation on their salutary properties the extension of their sale, and the invariable success which accompanies their application prove ttat they are a Remedy to be depended upon, on the first attack Of Cold, and in tlie most obstinate Cough and Asthma, in a suit commenced in Chancery and lately decided, Messrs. Shaw and Edwards proved flair absolute Right and Title to tins valuable Medicine. Jlr. Edwards, now the sole Proprietor, informs the Public tint the above Drops are faithfully prepared by him from the original Recipe as sworn to bv Mr. Roiibi iids, the Inventor, and in Ins pos session and ttat every bottle of the genuine preparation will have engraved on the stamp, Evan Edwards, 07, St. Paul s Sold in bottles 2s. 0.1. ami -Is. Gd. each, ami may Ire procured of Messrs. T. Topping, Allanson, Ross am I Burton, Hull Turner, and Ramsden, Beverley an 1 all Me Heine Venders. This Day is published, A1 TAIN PARK Vs first, Second, and Third Voyages, J beautifully printed in Five Pocket Volumes, with a Portrait. Map, and Views, engraved by Findcn, price only Twenty Shillings, 1 3 Printed for John Murray, AUtemarle-streot. NTTART.F.S WRIGHT, Wine Merchant to the Royal J Immily, King's Theatre, Opera Colonnade, Haymarket, London, has now on Sale, warranted, the finest Genuine WINKS and SPIRITS, at prices Cheaper than any other House in England. IP 1 Doz. PORT, from tlie Wood 23 ft Ditto, Superior Quality 28 ft Old misted, Vintage 1821 3ft ft Choice full of flavor and body Bom Retoiro 42 ft Wing Itoriz curious ..48 ft SHERRY, very good 28 ft Ditto, Superior Quality 28 0 Ditto, Pale Amontillado 8ft ft Ditto, Carvalho 42 ft The celebrated 0 Z 43 0 MADEIRA, high flavored West India 8ft ft Ditto, rich 3ft ' Jtnrd, Hcnncsie Rum, ami Whiskies Old Bottled Stout, Ale, Cyder, fee. from 7s. ftd. per dozen. Florence Oil in Cases, .' ft flasks. Seven Dozen of Port, Sherry, or Madeira, 23s. 6d. per dozen, well packed in a good Wine hogshead, fit for any use' including bottles, and for £10. Quarter Casks of Port and Sherry, 28 imperial gallons, permitted from the Docks to the Purchaser direct, Cask in-' elusive, £15 15s. Cape Madeira, 22 J Gallons imperial measure,all included 8 . Butts, Pipes, Hogsheads, cheaper than the above prices, Private Boxes, and Admissions for the King's, Covent-Garden, and Ilrury-Lane Theatres, by the Night,.Week, and Season. N.B. No Orders will be attended to unless accompanied with a Remittance, and Postage paid. r 1Z R. ALLANSON, Scale-Lane, B EGS most respectfully to inform his Friends and the Public, that he has just received a large supply of that celebrated domestic Medicine, the CORDIAL BALM of LIFE, viz. Dr. LAMER! 'S NERVOUS BALSAM, or, Nature's In fallible Restorative under his Majesty's Royal Authority, patronized by the Nobility, Army, Navy, and Persons of all ranks throughout Europe. A most convenient, safe, and infallible remedy for nervous and asthmatic disorders, in ward wastings, lowness of spirits, loss of appetite, palpitation of the heart, oppression of the breast, trembling or shaking of the hands or limbs, mental or bodily decay, seminal weak, ness, dimness of sight, obstinate coughs, shortness of breath-impaired memory, consumption, indigestion, sick head-ache, frightful dreams, pains or wind in the stomach, and all con stitutional complaints. The Balm of Life is not recommended indiscriminately for every disease incident to the human frame but for that class of diseases which are termed Nervous, it is an absolute speci fic. There is rarely a deviation from health in which it will not afford relief. It is to be considered that Nervous Diseases constitute one-third, or perhaps a greater proportion, of the disorders to which we are liable it has, therefore, been in disputably proved, that the Balm of Life invariably operates on the nerves, producing the most desirable and sanative effects, and is of the greatest service to everyone of those cases for which it is recommended. It may he given to the ten-derest infimt, the pregnant female, and' palsied old age, with safety and efficacy, hitherto unparalleled in the annals of medical discovery, bcifig a medicine which will keep in all climates. Prepared and sold, wholesale and retail, by the sole inven tor, Dr. Lamert, at his Old Medical Establishment, No. 10, Church-Street, Spitalfields, London, Ten Doors from the Church, and opposite the Chapel, which has been eslaklMbed for the last sixty years. ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION. It is well known that Asthma and Consumption are the prevailing diseases of our northern climate. They a.e pe culiarly distressing and fatal among the labouring class, ltccause it possesses scanty means either of arresting their violence in the early stages, or mitigating the agonies of body and of mind, which unavoidably accompany their progress and their termination. Yet singular as it may appear, amidst all the excellent charities which have been established by the public benevolence, no scheme hits yet been adopted, by which the effect of a treatment, adapted in every respect to the nature of the complaints, might have a fair and perse vering trial. It is not too much to affirm, that the devastation of Asthma and Consumption, though not so rapid and striking, is more extensive, and accompanied with greater pain and misery than that of a pestilence. Would it be believed, or can it he reflected on without the deepest concern, that in London and its environs alone, ten thousand lives are the annual victims of these destroyers ? If the multitudes who were suffering and dying of these dreadful maladies during the last winter, were presented at one view before us, amidst all the accumulation of wretchedness, which bodily pain, aggravated by poverty and destitution, produces, the heart would grow sick, and we should eagerly desire to part with our substance, that we might procure relief from the agony of our own feel ings. But, because the destroyer works unseen in the hovels of the indigent because his victims, instead of being bla zoned in the public journals, are confined to the bills of mortality, the evil passes on with little observation its magnitude and pressure remain almost unknown no ade quate exertion is made to resist its progress, or mitigate its effects and the physician is not furnished with the oppor tunity of trying, on an extensive field, what medical research may do to alleviate suffering and to save life. This deficiency in medical science for the cure of Asthma and Consumption, is now happily filled up through the dis covery, by Dr. Lamert, of his celebrated Nervous Balsam, the true Balm of Life, and a complete Restorative of Nature, which has stood the test of upwards of sixty years' trial and those who have used it in the various disorders to which it is applicable particularly Asthma and Consump tion , have rarely found it fail in its intended effect Dr. L. therefore, confidently offers it as an efficacious remedy to those afflicted with the above lamentable disorders, convinced that one trial only will establish its decided efficacy. It is well known, that in pulmonary complaints, the most effectual remedy is a timely removal to warm climates but this remedy is very difficult even to the rich, and utterly un attainable by the labouring poor. The only substitute is the CORDIAL BALM of LIFE, which generally arrests the pro gress both of Consumption and Asthma in their incipient state, and greatly alleviates the systems of the latter, even when it appears in its most advanced stages. Those unhappy personal weaknesses which render life a burden, and sexual society intolerable, which are the bane of succeeding generations, not only in corporeal imbecility but in mental deprivation invariably yield to Dr. Lamert's superior and salutary mode of treatment. By a process peculiarly his own with the unwearied researches of a most laborious practice of sixty years he is enabled to remove the effects of cases long considered hopeless, and leave health and vigour where he found decay and despair. The above salubrious Cordial may be had of Mr. R. Allan son, at the General Medicine Warehouse, Scale-Lane, Hull, who will supply any Country Agents, if required, on liberal terms , in bottles at 4s. fid. and 10s. 6d. each tlie bottle at 10s. fid. contains three of those at 4s. 6d. or two 10s. fid. bottles in one for 20s. also a family bottle contain ing four at 10s. fid. for 33s., by purchasing which 9s. are saved, duty included. Be sure to ask for Dr. Lamert's Cordial Balm of Life, as lto other is genuine. ✓ FOGS AND VAMP AIR. B ARCLAY'S ASTHMATIC CANDY has, for many years, been proved an effectual preservative from the ill effects of the F gs and Damp Air, which, in the Winter Season, are so prevalent in this Climate. Its effects are, to expel Wind, to preserve the Stomach .rom the admission of Damps, and to relieve those who suffer from Difficulty of Breathing. Prepared only by Barclay and Sons, 95, Fleet-Market, London, and sold, by their appointment, by all respectable Stationers, Druggists, and Medicine Venders, in Boxes, at 2s! 9d. and Is. I'd. each, duty included. Observe-None can be genuine, unless the names of Barclay and Sons are on the Stamp affixed to each box. MISCELLANZOUS. The Murder at Oxford.-On Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock, the examination of witnesses into the conduct of the prisoner Williams, a young man who was for some time on the fatal evening, in company with the unfortunate de ceased, and to whom some circumstances of a suspicious clia racter attach, on the night of the murder of Ann Crotchley, was resumed before Mr. Hickson, the Mayor, and the other magistrates. The most decisive evidence was given that Williams had no stick or umbrella ' ' h either of which it is Conjectured, the wounds may bavjB cn given in his pos sesion, either when he left the fiBl A ms public-house, on that night, shortly previous to th r xime when Crotchley was found lying drunk in Blue Boar-lane, or at any period of the same night. Tlie Mayor and Magistrates retired after the entire of the evidence had been gone into, and after some con sultation with Mr. Roberson the Town Clerk as to the power of magistrates to admit to bail in a charge of felony of so serious a nature, the latter gentleman consulted Mr. Peel's acts, and advised the magistrates under all the circumstances of the case, to allow the prisoner to stand out till the period of the Sessions, on bail. The Mayor accordingly intimated to Williams that he would be discharged from custody upon liis entering into recognizances, and finding bail to answer any bill of indictment which might be preferred against him for felony and murder at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City of Oxford, to be holden in the course of the ensuing month. The bail to be himself in £500, and two sufficient sureties in tlie sum of £250 each. The prisoner was then removed, the bail required not being at the time forthcoming. It is doubted whether the prisoner will be able to make out the required security, but as the time of trial ap proaches so nearly, only a temporary deprivation of liberty will be experienced by him. Tlie City of Oxford enjoys a privilege possessed by no other city within the British domi nions, with the exception perhaps of Bristol viz.-the power of trying at its Sessions of the Peace by its own legal head, the Recorder, felonies of the worst description, treason, mur der, c. Horrible Mitrdf.r.-The neighbourhood of Brisley, in this county Norfolk , was on Monday thrown into a state of consternation by a report of the body of a boy, named Wm. Moore,about 13 years of age, having been shockingly mangled, and under circumstances which immediately led to the con clusion that a murder of the most dreadful description had been committed. The most active steps were immediately taken to discover the perpetrator of the inhuman act. On Tuesday and Wednesday last, an inquest was held at the Bell Inn, Brisley, by F. T. Quarles, gentleman, coroner for the liberty of the duchy of Lancaster, on the body. It appeared that the deceased was found in a ploughed field, in the said parish, on the Monday morning, with his neck stabbed or cut in two or three places, and a bandage tied round so as to strangle him his body was ripped open from the breast to the lower part of the abdomen, and his entrails torn out his liver was torn in pieces, and part of it laid by his side The deceased lived with his cousin, Jacob Powley, of Litcham, cirdwainer, and was sent by him on a donkey, on Sunday morning, with a parcel to be left at Bintry, Royal Oak. A man named John Kenney overtook the boy on Brisley-green, from whence they proceeded together passing the Royal Oak at Bintry, Kenney told the deceased it was Twyford upon Inquiry he found himself at Foulsham, where he stated that Kenney had led him out cf the way he asked at Foulsham if that was Bintry, when he was told it was not, and was directed he way to the Royal Oak, where he had some re freshment, and corn for his donkey. While at the Oak, he stated that Kenney said he would murder him. The landlady asked him to stay all night, but he said No, I am not afraid. He left the Oak about three o'clock in the afternoon to return home, when he was soon overtaken by Kenney, who was seen lurking near the house during the boy's stay, when he fol lowed him through Billingford and Elmham, to a place called Etmham Hurdle, on the road leading towards Brisley, where they were seen together at five o'clock. The murder is sup posed to have been committed about six o'clock the same evening. Three witnesses deposed to their having heard screams at the time when, and apparently proceeding from the quarter where, the sanguinary deed-was afterwards disco vered to have been perpetrated. On Monday morning Kenney was apprehended on suspicion of being the murderer, as he was seen witth the deceased as before stated, from eleven till five in the evening of the same dny. After an examination oTfhe witnesses, the Jury returned a verdict of 11 jVilful murder against the said John Kenneywho was forthwith committed under the coroner's warrant to Norwich Castle, and was conveyed to that gaol by Mr. Johnson, keeper of Swaffham Bridewell.-Sorfolk Chronicle. Miseries of a Chancery Suit.-A very respectable man, whose name we are not disposed to mention, was brought into one of the watch-houses at Dublin, lately, in a state of extreme exhaustion and wretchedness, and having lingered for a short time, he breathed liis last. From some memo randums found in his picket, his name was ascertained, and it was discovered, on inquiry, that his family was most respectable, and that a property which he claimed as a right, was in controversy for some years in the Court of Chancery. An application was afterwards made in the proper quarter by his sister, who presented a miserable picture of penury and distress, for means to bury him, and the receiver in the cause was directed to dedicate a sum of ten pounds to that purpose. He, however, not being in funds from the estate, declined paying the sum required, but humanely advanced five pounds for the expenses of his interment. The matter would, in all probability, have remained a secret, were it not that a change was brought by the sister, who asserted that a portion of this money had been converted by the watchmen to their own use, in consequence of which an investigation took place, and the parties were completely exculpated. The misery of this poor creature's appearance defies description, yet, notwith standing, in her mode of expression she evinced education and gentility. The suit to which we allude lias been carrying on for some years, in the course of which period one of the parties as we have stated expired through mere want, in a common watch-house, and the wretched survivor remains an inmate of our city, without a meal to sustain, or a roof to shelter her. Awful Explosion of Gas.-Between eight and nine o'clock on Tuesday evening, the neighbourhood of Hatton-wall, London, was thrown into the utmost confusion and terror by a loud and terrific explosion, which forced the glass from the windows, and created the most serious fears in the minds of the inhabitants. In a few seconds it was ascertained that the report proceeded from the interior of the Prince of Orange wine-vaults, which in an instant was enveloped in utter darkness, and filled with a dense smoke. As soon as lights could be procured, the interior of the bar presented a scene of indescribable confusion, Mrs. Deighton, the landlady, being in a state of insensibility from the force of the shock, the windows and blinds shivered in splinters, the flooring raised several inches, and covered with fragments of broken decanters, bottles, and glasses. At this moment a young man ruslied up stairs from the cellar, in a state of partial suffoca tion, and begged some person would hasten to the assistance of the landlord of whose fate he was quite ignorant. Two or three individuals cautiously descended, and after some search found Mr. Deighton extended on the ground, which had been forced up around him, apparently lifeless. He was instantly taken up stairs, and medical assistance procured, and in a few seconds symptoms of retuming animation be came visible, he having fortunately received only a contusion in the forehead and a lacerated nose. His account of this extraordinary transaction is, that having some business in the ale cellar, he went down, accompanied by a friend the person who gave the alarm , and was examining an ale cask, when suddenly he felt the ground shake beneath his feet, and in an instant he was thrown across the cellar, and with the violence of the shock became deprived of all sense. His companion was twice knocked down in endeavouring to escape by the stairs, and has completely lost his hearing on one side. A person who was at the bar at the moment, received so severe a shock, that he still lies dangerously ill three clocks in the house were also instantly stopped by the violence of the concussion and a fire grate at some distance was forced from its setting. On examining the cellar, the ground was ascer tained to have been forcecF up several feet, full butts were forced from their stations, a portion of the wall thrown down, and a most foetid vapour pervaded the whole cellar but no immediate reason could be assigned for the accident, which was fortunately attended with no fatal consequences. The premises were on Monday inspected by the superintendent of the City Gas Works in Dorset-street, Salisbury-square, and in his opinion the accident could not have been caused by the gas of which there was no appearance of escape, and which acted as usual on being re-lighted. On tlie other hand, the cellar was in constant use, therefore no reason can exist for supposing it to have arisen from the evaporation of pent up vapours. A lighted candle had also been in the cellar nearly the whole of the afternoon. The shock was felt at a considerable distance. Roman Antiquities.-An interesting discovery was made last week, by Edmund Tyrell Artis, F.S.A. F.G.S. of a Ro man villa in the neighbourhood of Helpstone between Stamford and Peterborough , on a spot where even an anti quarian would not have anticipated any tiling of the kind. POLICE EXTRAORDINARY. On Tuesday week, Frederick Robinson was brought before the sitting Magistrates at Row.street, to answer to a charge of quitting his master's service without giving h m due warning. It apjjeared in evidence, that Robinson had, some months ago en gaged himself to drive the Sovereign strge-coach, but finding himself unable to manage the horses, and being also apprehensive of the issue of several complaints lodged against him at the next quarter sessions, for careless and unskilful driving he, the said Robinson did last Thursday se'nnight, just as the Sovereign w as to leave London, quit the service of his master, and set off to some relations he has in Bedfordshire since which time, every effort has been made to get him back to his work without success. The following examination will best explain the nature of the case Magistrate Well, Robinson, what have you to say to all this ? Robinson Please your Worship, I'll tell you the whole truth. I took the place because I likes to lie doing, and thought I could do very well but never having been usxl afore to work with leaders, vy the oases got the better o' me, and so I thought it best to be off, before any serious damage happened. Magistrate •. Have you been long in your master's service ? Robinson Yes, Sir, many years and in his Honour's, father s service too. Magistrate And did you never try to drive before? Robinson No, your Worship. I vas first of all book-keeper, and then I had to pay the men in the yard, and look after the orn hills, and all that and afterwards master set me up in the Checyuers, and a prosperous time l had o'nt there. Magistrate Ami then you tned to better yourself! Robinson Yes, Sur, that was it I thought driving would be good fer my health, of which 1 am particularly careful at all times. Magistrate Pray now, Robinson, speaking of health, didn't your dispute with your master arise about some allowance of spirits in bad weather. Robinson Why, I believe, f fed say, your Worship, that I thought he ought to make me an allowance of Hollands. Magistrate 1 thought you said you were careful of your health, and I am sure that w culd do you no good was that all you haggled about? Robinson I can't say as how it was, your Worship we don't somehow, live comfortable in the yard, and I'm all for a quiet life and I know'd about Christmas time, the coach would be loaded with turkey baskets, and I did'nt like such a cargo and so I said to Sly boots-Magistrate Who is Sly boots ? Robinson His name is George, only we calls him Sly-boots, for shortness. Magistrate What other name has he ? Robinson •. Tierney, your Worship and he and one Petty, which is a new sarvant, is always a quarrelling, and if Tierney speaks sharp to Petty, saving your Worship's presence, lie swears he'll take the broom to him and its not pleasant, by no means, living in that ere state offantigue. Magistrate Has Petty been long in the yard ? Rob nson Master hired him to stay at home and take care of the office when I took to driving he has been in sarvice afore, but they don't trust him to drive now, because when he did drive, he ris all the fares nearly double what they vas ven he first come to us. Magistrate Are you aware that your master has been put to con siderable inconvenience by your absenting yourself? Robinson I am sure I'm werey sorry to inconvenience any gem-man, your Worship but its better for me to go afore any wery bad accident happens 1 did recommend him a steady chap to take my place, and master sent for him, and offered to set him up in the Star and Garter, as well as let him drive, but lie would not handle the rib-bands, and so it all blowed over. Magistrate Why did you recommend that person without know ing w hether he would take the place ? Robinson I knew he had always been an uncommon good Rider, your Worship, so 1 thought he might like to drive but truth is, the team master has got don't draw well together, and so 1 told him. Magistrate Don't you think, Robinson, you had better go back to your place? Robinson Just as your Worship pleases one of my fellow-sarvants did go back after quitting. Magistrate Who is he? Robinson Old Nick, please your Worship, who drives the Bexley Van Magistrate Do you know lien Tinck ? Robinson I do, Sir a Dutch lad he be now in sarvice abroad. Magistrate D'ye think he would do for a coachman? Robinson He may, your Worship, for all I know some of liis family did drive once, but whether it were his father or liis mother, I can't rightly recollect. Magistrate That is, you don't recollect wliether it was a mail coachwoman, or a female coachman ? Robinson He, be, he-he, he. Magistrate Do you know' Ward ? Robinson Which Ward, your Worship ? Magistrate Jack Ward. Robinson •. Oh, the Dudley boy ? Yes, your Worship, and a sliarp clever lad he be. Magistrate Would he do to drive ? . Robinson I rather thinks as trow he wouWnt, your Worship he did belong to the Opposition, but when tliat concarn failed, lie corned over to the Crown to master. I believe he h s given warning, your Wot hip. His father has left him a lump of money, and he don't understand out of doors work much, and 1 believe he is a going as fust as he can. Magistrate Well now, Robinson, 1 have been consulting with Sir Richard here we don't wish to be hard upon you will you go back to you place till your master is suited ? Robinson I've no objection whatsumever, provided always, your Worship, that I am let to go before the sessions, w hich begins the 22d of next month. Magistrate Why, you are not afraid or ashamed of anything you have dene, Robinson? Robinson.- Both, and please your Worship I never meant wrong but things have all gone wrong, and the sooner I get to rest, the better pleased 1 shall be. Migistra'e But, if your master should not get a servant he can trust? Robinson Why then, Sir, master must get a coach as will go by steam it would be the making of'Squire Lambton, your Worship and as for hot water, the Opposition will keep 'um in that. Magistrate Robinson, you are a wag. Robinson Your Worship is the first gemman as ever was pleased to say so. Magistrate Well, will you go back for the present ? Robinson Why, Sir, it's of no use, for I can't neither drive nor lead without, fear of accident but if you pleases to speak to master, I have no objection to stay over Christmas with him but I won't go and be badgered up at the sessions. Magistrate Go your way then, Robinson, and we'll see what can be done for you. Robinson Good morning, your Worship, and thank you. Robinson left the office, and we believe has arranged to remain in his present place, for a few days, till his master is suited.-John Bull. Curious Casf. Tub Quicksilver Institute.' -Court of Requests, Greenwich.-This was a proceeding before the Commissioners of the Court of Conscience, in which the plaintiff, the Rev. J. J. G. Fischer the founder of the Quicksilver Institute at Greenwich, sought to recover from Ash Abrahams, Esq. the Treasurer to the Establishment, the sum of £1 Os. 5d. for quicksilver supplied by him, and consumed by the gentlemen forming the Committee of the Insti tute. The plaintiff stated, that he was the founder of a new Society, which .was called the Quicksilver Institute, planned on the prin ciples of the British and Fureiyn Bible Society. On the 7 th Sept, last lie met several respectable gentleman of Greenwich at the Ureyhoruid Inn, who offered to join and assist him in liis Quicksilver Medical plan, and formed themselves instantly into a regular society, called the Quicksilver Institute,'' and a Chairman, Deputy, Secretary, and liis Deputy, were chosen, and the Committee resolved that from 50 to 100 lbs. weight be bought, chosen, and proved to be genuine by him, to distribute gratis to whoever should like to take it, and particularly fer the members of the Institute, and to make sufficient experiments and experience of what was said and printed of this mineral, the innume. rable virtues it possessed, and its fitness to be introduced all over the worl 1 It was also arranged tliat the Institute should take a house for a dispensary. In consequence of this, he ordered successively five pounds weight of quicksilver for the use of the Society, and the bill was sent in to the Quicksilver Institute, and was the Society's pro perty. On the 21st of September he found it necessary to dissolve the institute, owing to the misconduct of its members. Since the breaking up of the Institution, he had been applied to by the chemist of whom he had purchased tlie quicksilver for payment, but he re fuse d, on the ground that it bad been bought for the use of the Insti tute and by its order, and therefore ought to be paid for out of the funds of tlie society by Mr. Ash Abrahams, the Honorary Secretary. Five pounds weight of quicksilver was used altogether, by Mr. Ash Abrahams, Mr. Monk, Mr. Cole, and Mr. Ben. Smith, all of whom swallowed a part of the mercury! Mr. Ash Abrahams, in answer to the complaint, said that he was inihchabit of going to the Greyhound tavern to spend the evening witlrsome friends, ami Mr. Fischer for several nights bothered them about his discovery in quicksilver, and lie frequently brought 4 orae with him, and prevailed upon several gentlemen to swallow tome, and he amongst the rest took a piece the size of a pea, for which he paid him six pence, as also did others. It was true they did talk of forming a Society, and he was appointed Honorary Secretary, but he assured the Commissioners that it was all a joke from beginnirigtoend. Mr. Fischer, said tlie quicksilver was always tafcen at the society, and one night in particular Mr. B. Smith brought in the statue of Mercury, and placed it upon the table, saying he should make itapresent to tlie Society, until they had accumulated funds sufficient to have a marble one made. The Gentlemen then all drank some quicksilver to the-health of Mercury, and tlie bottle was returned to me full of filthy water, and they then broke up the meeting, and refused to pay me for the quicksilver they had con sumed. Mr. Barker, the Solicitor to the Commissioners, said, Mr. Abrahams, you say you took a portion of the quicksilver, pray may I ask wlrnt effect it had upon you ! Mr.' Abrahfjn -0h, wonderful Sir, I had a crick in the neck for some time, and it removed it imme diately. Mr. Ben. Smith deposed, that Mr. Fischer had for a long time annoyed them about this universal medicine, and assured them it was even good for horses. Some person in the Court called out yes, and for asses too. A loud laugh. Mr. Smith continued-It had been only a piece of fun from tlie commencement, and whatever had been taken. Mr. Fischer had been handsomely paid for. He must have been aware that it was a burlesque. Mr. Fischer, with great warmth, said he had no idea of 'such a thing Mr. Knox, another of the mem bers, was now called. Mr. Fiscfier-Mr. Knox is not a fit man for a witness, because he is ofie of the party, and he told me I did not know the Greek Alphabet. Incessant laughter Mr. Knox stated that the whole w as a complete joke from beginning to end, and Ik-told Mr. Fischer so Tlie plaintiff was then nonsuited. First Appfarante on a London Stage-From Snatches of Oblivion J- At length tlie day. big with tlie fiite of my future fame or obscurity, was ushered in. Tlie church clock at length chimed six. the hour at which 1 should have entered the theatre n condemned malefactor could not have listened with more mute horror to his death-knell than that which pervaded meat tlie moment. My , high-flown expectations at once deserted me, and I would have given up all the little I had 'in possession or expectancy' of the worlds goods to have freed myself from the trial I was about to undergo -Throwing m self, how ever, into a hackney-coach, which was waiting at the door, I ordered the driver to carry me to the theatre. It seemed scarcely a moment since l quitted my own dark little chamber, before I found myself transported info a brilliantly-lighted dressing room, which had Ijeen prepared expressly for my reception. Mirrors from the ceiling to the floor, perfumed wax emitting a brilliant and flattering light, representing a fairy scene to my tewildered eyes, w bile the half dozen attendants, who were employed in decorating my tf-rson, seemed like so many silent spirits to assist tte delusion.-When the operation of dressing was concluded, I entered the green room, and endeavoured to throw an air of carelessness over my manners, which the most inexperienced could have detected w s assumed. Twas a vain attempt-1 was the object of attention of every person present-every eye was directed to me Equally vain were my endeavours to converse familiarly with my friends, they ail seemed trying to give me encouragement, ofw'hich I must have pnlp-ably stood in need. The business of tlie stage commenced, performer after performer quilted the room-how l envied the perfect nonchalance with which they received the call, and how l trembled at the verv expectation of tearing my own name uttered, which 1 knew a very few minutes would accomplish. 1 repeated fifty times to myself the first words. I impressed on my mind tlie peculiar emphasis and gesture I should make use of, till the call-boy gave the notice that ' my moment was come.' I was conducted to the side-scenes by my friends, one of whom slapped me on the shoulder. 1 needed some thing to rouse me, every spark of self-possession had tied .- suddenly -making a desperate effort, l rusted forward, but suddenly drew back, as if 1 was entering the portal of an enchanted palace 'foolish,' ex claimed some voice, not 'loud, but deep ' it w r as my friend the manager, who immediately pushed me, as it were, on the stage -Before I was well aware of my situation, 1 was fairly in the front of the house, the solitary unit, for I know' not how many thousand pair of eyes to gaze at. What was my horror at that moment! A.i audible buzz went through the house, and an awful stillness sur. ceeded. Oh! awful to me beyond language! The glare of light prevented me from looking up and when I did, l saw my brethren on the stage eyeing me with most inquisitive vigilance how poor at that moment appeared to me the fame, the riches of the world, in comparison with their self possession and consummate coolness. A film seemed to float before my eyes-1 felt as if l was reeling an hysterical affection swelled my throat, not a word could I utter. My pitiable situation at once aroused the feelings of a genuine English audience they saw the emotions under which 1 was labouring, the stillness was broken, and an animating round of applause tilled the house. In the midst of this tumult I felt the energy of niy mind return. Lifting my eyes from the boards, to which they had been till then rivetted, I looked around, and seeing none but encouraging faces, the spirit of hope entered my veins-every faculty was sharpened -and when the applause had subsided, I delivered tte few lines I had to repeat w ith as much effect as I did the day preceding before a looking-glass. I wa3 not long left in doubt of the nature of my re ception. As the lerformance proceeded, the house was occasionally shaken with acclamations. The stage, which seemed at first to me the field of alarm and dismay, now was the arena of triumph, and I trod it with the feelings of a victorious hero. My death-scene was the proudest hour of my life, for it was there that the general enthu siasm discovered itself, and I was carried from the stage thoroughly intoxicated with my complete success. Yet still the cup of my hap piness was to be crowned with a more sparkling brim. After the play a general call resounded for my appearance. I entered again on the stage but how different were my feelings! The audience rose-tte house reverberated with applause-hats and handkerchiefs were waved, and my name sent up, as it were, by a thousand voices to the skies. The play was given out, and I rushed from the stage revelling in all tte delirium of a highly-excited imagination. Origin op tiik Bebp-Strak Club.-Whilst Rich was employed in planning a pantomime, his atelier, a small room in tte theatre, was almost as much frequented as Canova's or Thorw aldscn's in our days. Every one seemed to be anxious to see him at his interesting labours. Amongst these were several men of rank and wit for Rich's colloquial oddities were much relished. The celebrated Lord Retei -borough, then somew'hat advanced in years, Hogarth, Sir James Thornhill, c. c. were of the number. At these visits he never in termitted his labours, noi his strain of facetious remark. Upon one occasion, accident having detained the Earl's coach later than usual, he found Rich's chit-chat so agreeable, that he was quite unconscious that it was two in the afternoon when he observed the man of j an-tomime spreading a cloth, then coaxing his fire into a clear culinary flame, and proceeding with gravity to cook his own beef steak on his own gridiron. The steak sent up a most inviting incense, and my Lord Could not resist Rich's invitation to partake of it. A further supply was sent for and a bottle or two of wiue from a neighbouring tavern, prolonged their discourse to a late hour. But so delighted was the old peer with his entertainment, that, on going away, he proposed renewing it at the same place and hour on tlie Saturday following. He was punctual to liis engagement, and brought wiih with him three or fourfriends, men of wit and pleasure about town,'' as Mr. Bayes would call them and so truly festive was the meeting, tliat. it was pro osed that a Saturday's club should be held there, whilst the town remained full. A sumptuary law, even at this early period of the society, restricted the bill of fare to beef-steaks, and the beverage to port wine and punch. Thus the corner-stone of the Sub lime Society was laid.-The Clubs of London. CHRISTMAS THEATRICALS. Dri'RY-Lane.-On Wednesday, the new pantomime made its appearance under the title of Harlequin and Cock Robin. or the Babes in the IVcod.-It was an excellent burlesque upon that popular story, and it was the occa sion of a good deal of laughter. The two babes doated on by their parents were such bandy-legged disagreeable urchins, that it really was quite asto nishing how the cock-robins could trouble themselves to cover tnem with leaves, unless to get rid of so unpleasant a sight in the wood as their dis torted dead bodies. The crformanccs of the gigantic birds who discharged this pious office were also very ridiculous, and they hopped about the stage to the infinite delight of the younger part ofthe audience. The undertakers of the murder were a butcher and a carpenter, who had been bribed by the wicked uncle. It should be noticed some fearful sm ernatural acency is employed for the instigation of the murder, in which the genii of Gloom and Destruction figure very prominently. The transformations take place in the sixth scene, the Elysium of Innocence when Sir Roland, the cruel uncle Mr. Barnes , is changed into Pantaloon the butcher Mr. Southby and a female innkeeper Mr. Lusher , into Clowns Walter, the carpenter • Mr. Howell , into Harlequin and Deborah Rose,an innkecix-r's daughter, into Columbine. Here, in fact, the pantomime commences-the first part or introduction being a sort of ludicrous drama. Some of Stanfield's views are beautifully painted and we may notice, especially, Portsmouth wit-h shipping in a gale, and Old London Bridge, in 15U J-very different subjects, but executed in a stvle of art peculiarly his own. The more gorgeous and ingenious scones by Marinari and Andrews, in their wav, were also of the best description. Some good-humoured satire and touches at the times aie introduced in the course of lhe performance, which met with general appro bation. Two jokes of this kind were highly relished by the audience in one of them a poor Italian image-bearer is introduced with a naked Cupid he is discovered, and denounced by certain members of the society for the suppression ot vice, but he contrives to satisfy their moral scruples by cheating an old Jew clothosman so far out of nature out of an old air of breeches and a waistcoat with which he clothes the truant of Venus. -The other is a well-merited ridicule ofthe present fashions among ladies of wearing bonnets of a most prejMSternus and unbecoming sire, and among men of wearing enonnous whiskers and smoking cigars. Some of the tricks and changes were rapid and surprising, even to those who all their lives have been pantomime hunters. Coybnt-Gabde.n.-The fable, if we may so call it, ofthe new pantomime at this house, is founded on the first ofthe seven legends of Number Sip. We cannot venture to rank this pantomime among the best of ita penns, although we have certainly seen worse. For the success it met with it is principally indebted to Parsloe, whose agility and contortions rendered him a most efficient representative of a goblin who is a very Proteus in Lis way. In the zoological garden by far the most amusing scene of the piece the animals escape, and here, in the shape ofa runaway monkev, lie appears to great advantage. A most magnificent peacock, on a grand scale, and a camcleopard, also gave great satisfaction on this occasion. 'Ihe moving panorama is a beautiful thing of its kind, and the conflict, we are happy to say, was well carried on by means of kettle-drums vice gunpowder. The tricks are few in number, nor have they any claim to originality most of them, indeed, such as the bear's grease producing extempore moustochios, the skaiting, Harlequin's coach, steam-hoat, Arc. are very old acquaintances. It boasts, however, some very pretty scene's, especially the early ones, though that of tendon from the new Coliseum, on which the artist seems to have particularly calculated, is a failure. I he applauses, comparatively faint during the progress, were general at the conclusion of the piece. LONDON POLICE. Mansion-House.-On Monday week, a young woman, of very interesting appearance, applied to Alderman Farcbrotber, who sat for the terd Mayor, under the following circumstances -She had been, she said, a'oout ten years ago, when she was no more than ll? years of age, prevailed u on l y her mother, who was fascinated by the Methodists, to marry a minister from amongst them, although a gentleman, who is high in the law in the Welsh districts, had been paying his addresses to her at the time. Af cv three years of great unhappiness, her husband atandoned her, and h r mother, who, notwithstanding the misconduct ofthe minister, lost none of her attachment to the sect of which he pretended to be the ornament, married one of the persons who are we believe she said called Ranters, and soon found u ' his religion had been put on to enable him to deceive with the more u wterity. Her mother did not long survive the marriage, and then the cloven foot immediately apj eared to the unfortunate appli cant and her sisters for their step-fat her contrived to get hold ofevtry farthing of property to which they were entitled, amounting to several hundreds each, and refused to give them the slightest assistance or relief-Under these melancholy circumstances, the young woman came to tendon, and succeeded in procuring a situation as ladies'maid, in them ighbourhood of Brunswick-square, where she resided two years. Her former lover, however, found out the place of her abode, and persecuted her until he prevailed upon her to leave her honest employment and live with him as liis wife. For the space of two years she was his constant companion, some times residing with him at the Temple, and sometimes at Brighton. At length he also abandoned her and, left desolate, without father, mother money, or friends, she had no means of saving herself from starvation ex cept that to which she submitted in her extremity-prostitution She had frequently written to the gentleman who had seduced her from the lift f industry which she had chosen, but in vain lie never took notice of h r misery. He had been but very lately married, and she would not. on anv account, disturb the happiness of the family to which he was united f ... would, however, disclose his name, and other particulars relating to him he superintendent of the Magdalen Asylum, or of the Female Pcniten-i' f ' v , nch f he V peJ oobt A' n an introduction from the worthy magistrate whom she addressed. Her condition was wretched in wax driven by the most desperate necessity into habits w hall she detested, and all she asked for was an opportunity and a place for IS Th 0, The unfortunate female said, in conclusion, that u'v n the ! h ,' r J!w t £ me 2 t ' c r re eady to stand or fa!I - There w. s noti ng connected with her deplorable fortune which she would not detail to the principal of any charitable establishment where, bv honest indiMn. be nugnt oc enabled to pass her days away from the horrors to whk h l.e I ad bo n exposed. Ihe applicant's countenance is full of care, and . te h many ot the symptoms of consumption about her but a little hum nity may do a great deal. She was lupplud with adequate means of suptx t bv the direction ot the alderman, until the intentions ol the governor? o. the remalc ' cni'entiary shall have been made known. it h HIM j ! 1 i iU i f ill m s
[OCR_aligned] f c-Ora pWV-4 uU Pactft an'Ci OR YORKSHIRE AND LINCOLNSHIRE GENERAL ADVERTISER. ?Vt f rn f -. timber jK TUESDAY, January 1, 1828@ PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY T. TOPPING, AT THE OFFICE, 51 LOWGATE, HULL. Price 7d.-Vol@ 42 -No. 2250. TO THE PATRONS OF Still Duhrt Jr Santbfr fftcrturp, AND TUF. PUBLIC IX GF. XERAL. Impressed with feelings of gratitude and respect, the Proprietor of The Hui.i. Packet and Humped Mercury returns liis sincere acknowledgments to his Friends and the Public, for the liberal support afforded to the undertaking in which he has engaged. In connecting himself with this concern, as a fair and honourable speculation, lie was in-flucnqpd chiefly by the persuasion, that a Journal so long established, and at one period possessing so large a share of public favour, could not fail, if conducted with spirit, to rise in generr.l estimation, and to attain ultimately such respectability in circulation and commercial patronage as would amply repay his exertions. In pursuance of this object, various improvements were introduced into the typographical department of The Packet the size of the sheet was considerably enlarged, and other arrangements were adopted, by which not only the amount of miscellaneous reading contained in the old paper was nearly doubled, but a greater quantity and variety of matter presented to the reader, in this publication, than in either of the other papers printed in Hull. The event has proved that the efforts of the Proprietor to raise this publication to eminence@, as a most useful and interesting Provincial Journal, have been fully appreciated by a liberal and discerning Pub@hc. The result has already exceeded his most sanguine anticipations not only has the circulation of The Packet obtained, in the space of two months, an increase of subscribers unprecedented in so short a period, but the numerous favours of the mercantile and other classes, which appear in its columns weekly@, prove it to be alveady firmly established as an eligible vehicle for Advertisements, and Notices of every description.-In return for the extensive support he has received, the Proprietor, in acknowledging the heartfelt obligations he is under to his numerous Friends and the Public generally, takes this opportunity to express his intention to spare no pains or ex iense@to sustain the credit already acquired by The Hull Packet and Humber Mercury, and to meet with spirit, and with alacrity, competition of every description. In accordance with this determination, he respectfully an@ nounces, that arrangements are now in progress for increasing the size of this Journal by the ADDITION of FOUR FULL COLUMNS, in width the twenty-four columns of which the paper will then consist, to be of such additional length, as may appear consistent with symmetry and fair proportion. A compensation will thus be given to the general reader, for the space occupied by the Advertisements and Notices so liberally contributed to The Packet, through the kindness of its commercial friends, and for the room unavoidably taken up by the Markets, Shipping Intelligence, and other articles, valuable to men of business, but conducing little to the . interest and attractions of a Newspaper. So very important an increase of space will enable the conductors of this paper to devote more attention to many subjects of a popular cliaracter, that have been necessarily curtailed in their limits in preceding publications, and to impart in other respects an improved feature to this Journal. The Parliamentary proceedings of the ensuing Session, under the present cir@ cumstances of the country, will possess a paramount claim upon the attention of all classes of the community. By the increased size of this paper, its conductors will be enabled to present the reader with a faithful transcript of the most important Debates, without abridging the local, mercantile, agricultural, and other intelligence, interesting to the readers of a Provincial Journal. The period during which this pub@ lication has been conducted by the parties at present engaged in it has been so short, that it would be presumptuous to allude particularly to their past labours. It will merely be remarked, tliat the tone of candour and impartiality hitherto distinguishing its pages, will continne to be maintained and that every exertion will be made to render its contents useful, varied, and entertaining.-In conclusion, we beg our numerous Friends to' accept from us tlie compliments of the season@, which we hope it will be our fortune to pay to them for many succeeding years, assuring them, that our congratu@ lations flow from hearts grateful for their kind and liberal support. 1 R. NORRIS'S FEVER DROPS . T HIS celebrated Medicine is allowed to be superior to any other remedy in all cases of Fevers, Sore Throats@ Slow Fevers, commonly called Nervous,@Typhus Fever@, and Agues, and ail those Disorders which arise from obstructed perspira@ tion. In hot climates, where Fluxes and Bilious Complaints are very prevalent, especially in the West Indies and America, these Drops are, bv extensive and successful experience, proved to be invaluable. They produce perspiration @m the most gentle and easy manner, and without giving the Patient the least disturbance or uneasiness. These Drops, given agreeablv to the direction in tlie several and distinct cases@ not a single instance has ever come to the knowledge of Dr@ Norris, in which they have failed to cure. Purchasers are requested to observe that the genuine preparation of Norris's Drops, will have engraved on tlie Stamp Thomas Norris Moore. Price 2s. 9d.-1 Is. and in Family Bottles 22s, csclii Sold by T. Topping@, R. Allanson, Moxon, Smith Co. Hammond, Turner Co. Ross Burton, Healey, Hudson, Wilkinson,@and Lofthouse,@Hull Ken@mngham, Tigar, Turner, and Ramsdon, Beverley Dixon, Barton Sherwood, Drif field Faiigray, Bridlington Fox, Bridlington-Quay and all Medicine Venders. SO .0,1 0.V CORDIAL JIAL.V OF GILEAD I S a most agreeable ami powerful restorative in all Nervous Dis. orders. This celebrated Cordial is peculiarly efficacious @m Inward Wasting , Loss of Appetite, Indigestion, Depression of Spirits, Trembling or Staking of tlie Hands, sliortne@@ of Breath and Consumptive Habits. It eases tlie most violent Pains in the Head and Stomach, and promotes gentle perspiration. By the Nobility and Gentry this Medicine is much admired, being pleasant to tlie taste and smell, gently astringing the fibres of the stomach@ and citrine that proper tone which a good digestion requires. Nothing c m be better adapted to assist the constitution which has been much in lured by the irregularities of youth, habits of studious application, a life of pleasure, or a residence in hot climates or those wdio from anv cause have fallen into a despondent state of mind@ or that dis-@@. 'sine train of svmiitoms, commonly denominated the Nervous. persons Ita nentaf powers are not le@@ enfeebled than the corporeal, and to them a remedy that acts wflh prompt efficacy, W lti inu t interfering with domestic habits, is peculiarly desirable. So@W by T@ T pping, Allanson, Turner and Co. and Radford, Hull Turner, Beverley and all respectable Medicare @enders in bottles at lls. each, and family bottles, containing the quantity or 0fthe ANTUMPETIGINES, or SOLOMON'S DROPS They are an effectual cure for such disorders as originate in a depraved habit of the body, as obstinate eruptions@ undue evacuations, chronic rheumatism, and the consequences of insidious @@@@@Jr . It is a truly mild, safe, and effectual remedy, and the best sub. si itute hitherto discovered for that dangerous mineral M@@-mny. it is e-'tually well adapted to both sexes, and all ages, there are tew f imilies in which its great utility docs not admit of easy proof@ as a purifier of the @Wood and a promoter of tlie natural secretions. Illustrations of the efficacy of tlie Cordial Bntm of Ciltad, and oi tne Aoli- lmprtini.es, are given in the Guide to Health, which also con. tains much interesting information on health and disease, particularly on tiie origin and treatment of such disorders as result from im@ prudence and fashionable vices. Sold in bottles price its. and 33s. each. Observe Sam@i Solomon@ Liverpool, is engraved on the Government stamp affixed to each@ The Fi@y Pound Cares may be had at Gilead-House, as heretofore ROBBERDS't COUCH DROPS. @@@m Drops have been long esteemed for their superior efficacy I in coughs, Colds, Asthmas, and Consumptions they are the invention of an Apothecary of@con itkrable practice, who stakes l.is reputation on their salutary properties the extension of their sale, and the invariable success which accompanies their application@ prove@ ttat they are a Remedy to be depended upon, on the first attack Of Cold, and in tlie most obstinate Cough and Asthma, in a suit commenced in Chancery and lately decided, Messrs. Shaw and Edwards proved flair absolute Right and Title to tins valuable Medicine. Jlr. Edwards, now the sole Proprietor, informs the Public tint the above Drops are faithfully prepared by him from the original Recipe as sworn to bv Mr. Roiibi iids, the Inventor, and in Ins pos@ session and ttat every bottle of the genuine preparation will have engraved on the stamp, Evan Edwards, 07, St. Paul s@ Sold in bottles@ 2s. 0.1. ami -Is. Gd. each, ami may Ire procured of Messrs. T. Topping, Allanson, Ross am I Burton, Hull Turner, and Ramsden, Beverley an 1 all Me Heine Venders. This Day is published, @A1 TAIN PARK Vs first, Second, and Third Voyages, J beautifully printed in Five Pocket Volumes, with a Portrait@. Map@, and Views, engraved by Findcn, price only Twenty Shillings, 1 3 Printed for John Murray, AUtemarle-streot. NTTART.F.S WRIGHT, Wine Merchant to the Royal J Immily, King's Theatre, Opera Colonnade, Haymarket, London, has now on Sale, warranted, the finest Genuine WINKS and SPIRITS, at prices Cheaper than any other House in England. IP 1 Doz. PORT, from tlie Wood 23 ft Ditto, Superior Quality 28 ft Old misted, Vintage 1821 3ft ft Choice full of flavor and body Bom Retoiro 42 ft Wing Itoriz curious ..48 ft SHERRY, very good 28 ft Ditto, Superior Quality 28 0 Ditto, Pale Amontillado 8ft ft Ditto, Carvalho 42 ft The celebrated 0 Z 43 0 MADEIRA, high flavored West India 8ft ft Ditto, rich 3ft ' Jtnrd, Hcnncsie Rum, ami Whiskies Old Bottled Stout, Ale, Cyder, fee. from 7s. ftd. per dozen. Florence Oil in Cases, .' ft flasks. Seven Dozen of Port, Sherry, or Madeira, 23s. 6d. per dozen, well packed in a good Wine hogshead, fit for any use' including bottles, and for £10. Quarter Casks of Port and Sherry, 28 imperial gallons, permitted from the Docks to the Purchaser direct, Cask in-' elusive, £15 15s. Cape Madeira, 22 J Gallons imperial measure,all included 8 . Butts, Pipes, Hogsheads, cheaper than the above prices, Private Boxes, and Admissions for the King's, Covent-@Garden, and Ilrury-Lane Theatres, by the Night,.Week, and Season. N.@B. No Orders will be attended to unless accompanied with a Remittance@, and Postage paid. r 1Z R. ALLANSON@, Scale-Lane, B EGS most respectfully to inform his Friends and the Public, that he has just received a large supply of that celebrated domestic Medicine, the CORDIAL BALM of LIFE, viz. Dr. LAMER! 'S NERVOUS BALSAM, or, Nature's In@ fallible Restorative under his Majesty's Royal Authority@, patronized by the Nobility@, Army@, Navy@, and Persons of all ranks throughout Europe. A most convenient, safe, and infallible remedy for nervous and asthmatic disorders, in ward wastings, lowness of spirits, loss of appetite, palpitation of the heart, oppression of the breast, trembling or shaking of the hands or limbs, mental or bodily decay, seminal weak, ness, dimness of sight, obstinate coughs, shortness of breath-@impaired memory@, consumption@, indigestion@, sick head-ache, frightful dreams, pains or wind in the stomach, and all con@ stitutional complaints. The Balm of Life is not recommended indiscriminately for every disease incident to the human frame but for that class of diseases which are termed Nervous, it is an absolute speci fic. There is rarely a deviation from health in which it will not afford relief. It is to be considered that Nervous Diseases constitute one-third, or perhaps a greater proportion, of the disorders to which we are liable it has, therefore, been in@ disputably proved, that the Balm of Life invariably operates on the nerves, producing the most desirable and sanative effects, and is of the greatest service to every@one of those cases for which it is recommended. It may he given to the ten-@derest infimt, the pregnant female, and' palsied old age, with safety and efficacy@, hitherto unparalleled in the annals of medical discovery@, bcifig a medicine which will keep in all climates. Prepared and sold, wholesale and retail, by the sole inven@ tor, Dr. Lamert, at his Old Medical Establishment, No. 10, Church-Street, Spitalfields, London, Ten Doors from the Church, and opposite the Chapel, which has been eslakl@Mbed for the last sixty years. ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION. It is well known that Asthma and Consumption are the prevailing diseases of our northern climate. They a.e pe@ culiarly distressing and fatal among the labouring class, ltccause it possesses scanty means either of arresting their violence in the early stages, or mitigating the agonies of body and of mind, which unavoidably accompany their progress and their termination. Yet singular as it may appear, amidst all the excellent charities which have been established by the public benevolence, no scheme hits yet been adopted, by which the effect of a treatment, adapted in every respect to the nature of the complaints, might have a fair and perse@ vering trial. It is not too much to affirm, that the devastation of Asthma and Consumption, though not so rapid and striking, is more extensive, and accompanied with greater pain and misery than that of a pestilence. Would it be believed, or can it he reflected on without the deepest concern, that in London and its environs alone, ten thousand lives are the annual victims of these destroyers ? If the multitudes who were suffering and dying of these dreadful maladies during the last winter, were presented at one view before us, amidst all the accumulation of wretchedness, which bodily pain, aggravated by poverty and destitution, produces, the heart would grow sick, and we should eagerly desire to part with our substance, that we might procure relief from the agony of our own feel@ ings. But, because the destroyer works unseen in the hovels of the indigent because his victims, instead of being bla@ zoned in the public journals, are confined to the bills of mortality, the evil passes on with little observation its magnitude and pressure remain almost unknown no ade@ quate exertion is made to resist its progress, or mitigate its effects and the physician is not furnished with the oppor@ tunity of trying@, on an extensive field, what medical research may do to alleviate suffering and to save life. This deficiency in medical science for the cure of Asthma and Consumption, is now happily filled up through the dis@ covery, by Dr. Lamert, of his celebrated Nervous Balsam, the true Balm of Life, and a complete Restorative of Nature, which has stood the test of upwards of sixty years' trial and those who have used it in the various disorders to which it is applicable particularly Asthma and Consump@ tion , have rarely found it fail in its intended effect Dr. L. therefore, confidently offers it as an efficacious remedy to those afflicted with the above lamentable disorders, convinced that one trial only will establish its decided efficacy. It is well known, that in pulmonary complaints, the most effectual remedy is a timely removal to warm climates but this remedy is very difficult even to the rich, and utterly un@ attainable by the labouring poor. The only substitute is the CORDIAL BALM of LIFE, which generally arrests the pro@ gress both of Consumption and Asthma in their incipient state, and greatly alleviates the systems of the latter, even when it appears in its most advanced stages. Those unhappy personal weaknesses which render life a burden, and sexual society intolerable, which are the bane of succeeding generations, not only in corporeal imbecility but in mental deprivation invariably yield to Dr. Lamert's superior and salutary mode of treatment. By a process peculiarly his own with the unwearied researches of a most laborious practice of sixty years he is enabled to remove the effects of cases long considered hopeless, and leave health and vigour where he found decay and despair. The above salubrious Cordial may be had of Mr. R. Allan@ son, at the General Medicine Warehouse, Scale-Lane, Hull, who will supply any Country Agents, if required, on liberal terms , in bottles at 4s. fid. and 10s. 6d. each tlie bottle at 10s. fid. contains three of those at 4s. 6d. or two 10s. fid. bottles in one for 20s. also a family bottle contain@ ing four at 10s. fid. for 33s., by purchasing which 9s. are saved, duty included. Be sure to ask for Dr. Lamert's Cordial Balm of Life, as lto other is genuine. ✓ FOGS AND VAMP AIR. B ARCLAY'S ASTHMATIC CANDY has, for many years, been proved an effectual preservative from the ill effects of the F gs and Damp Air, which, in the Winter Season, are so prevalent in this Climate. Its effects are, to expel Wind, to preserve the Stomach .rom the admission of Damps, and to relieve those who suffer from Difficulty of Breathing. Prepared only by Barclay and Sons, 95, Fleet-Market, London, and sold, by their appointment, by all respectable Stationers, Druggists, and Medicine Venders, in Boxes, at 2s! 9d. and Is. I'd. each, duty included. Observe-None can be genuine, unless the names of Barclay and Sons are on the Stamp affixed to each box. MISCELLANZOUS. The Murder at Oxford.-On Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock, the examination of witnesses into the conduct of the prisoner Williams, a young man who was for some time on the fatal evening, in company with the unfortunate de@ ceased, and to whom some circumstances of a suspicious clia racter attach, on the night of the murder of Ann Crotchley@, was resumed before Mr. Hickson, the Mayor, and the other magistrates. The most decisive evidence was given that Williams had no stick or umbrella ' ' h either of which it is Conjectured, the wounds may bav@jB cn given in his pos@ sesion, either when he left the fiBl A ms public-house, on that night, shortly previous to th r xime when Crotchley was found lying drunk in Blue Boar-lane, or at any period of the same night. Tlie Mayor and Magistrates retired after the entire of the evidence had been gone into, and after some con@ sultation with Mr. Roberson the Town Clerk as to the power of magistrates to admit to bail in a charge of felony of so serious a nature, the latter gentleman consulted Mr. Peel's acts, and advised the magistrates under all the circumstances of the case, to allow the prisoner to stand out till the period of the Sessions, on bail. The Mayor accordingly intimated to Williams that he would be discharged from custody upon liis entering into recognizances, and finding bail to answer any bill of indictment which might be preferred against him for felony and murder at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City of Oxford, to be holden in the course of the ensuing month. The bail to be himself in £500, and two sufficient sureties in tlie sum of £250 each. The prisoner was then removed, the bail required not being at the time forthcoming. It is doubted whether the prisoner will be able to make out the required security@, but as the time of trial ap@ proaches so nearly@, only a temporary deprivation of liberty will be experienced by him. Tlie City of Oxford enjoys a privilege possessed by no other city within the British domi@ nions, with the exception perhaps of Bristol viz.-the power of trying at its Sessions of the Peace by its own legal head, the Recorder, felonies of the worst description, treason, mur@ der, c. Horrible Mitrdf.r.-The neighbourhood of Brisley@, in this county Norfolk , was on Monday thrown into a state of consternation by a report of the body of a boy, named Wm. Moore,about 13 years of age, having been shockingly mangled, and under circumstances which immediately led to the con@ clusion that a murder of the most dreadful description had been committed. The most active steps were immediately taken to discover the perpetrator of the inhuman act. On Tuesday and Wednesday last, an inquest was held at the Bell Inn@, Brisley@, by F. T. Quarles, gentleman, coroner for the liberty of the duchy of Lancaster, on the body. It appeared that the deceased was found in a ploughed field, in the said parish, on the Monday morning@, with his neck stabbed or cut in two or three places, and a bandage tied round so as to strangle him his body was ripped open from the breast to the lower part of the abdomen@, and his entrails torn out his liver was torn in pieces, and part of it laid by his side The deceased lived with his cousin, Jacob Powley@, of Litcham, cirdwainer, and was sent by him on a donkey, on Sunday morning@, with a parcel to be left at Bintry@, Royal Oak. A man named John Kenney overtook the boy on Brisley-green, from whence they proceeded together passing the Royal Oak at Bintry@, Kenney told the deceased it was Twyford upon Inquiry he found himself at Foulsham, where he stated that Kenney had led him out cf the way he asked at Foulsham if that was Bintry, when he was told it was not, and was directed @he way to the Royal Oak, where he had some re@ freshment, and corn for his donkey. While at the Oak, he stated that Kenney said he would murder him. The landlady asked him to stay all night, but he said No, I am not afraid. He left the Oak about three o'clock in the afternoon to return home, when he was soon overtaken by Kenney@, who was seen lurking near the house during the boy's stay@, when he fol@ lowed him through Billingford and Elmham, to a place called Etmham Hurdle, on the road leading towards Brisley, where they were seen together at five o'clock. The murder is sup@ posed to have been committed about six o'clock the same evening. Three witnesses deposed to their having heard screams at the time when, and apparently proceeding from the quarter where, the sanguinary deed-was afterwards disco@ vered to have been perpetrated. On Monday morning Kenney was apprehended on suspicion of being the murderer, as he was seen witth the deceased as before stated, from eleven till five in the evening of the same dny. After an examination o@Tfhe witnesses, the Jury returned a verdict of 11 jVilful murder against the said John Kenney@@who was forthwith committed under the coroner's warrant to Norwich Castle, and was conveyed to that gaol by Mr. Johnson, keeper of Swaffham Bridewell.-Sorfolk Chronicle. Miseries of a Chancery Suit.-A very respectable man, whose name we are not disposed to mention, was brought into one of the watch-houses at Dublin, lately@, in a state of extreme exhaustion and wretchedness, and having lingered for a short time, he breathed liis last. From some memo@ randums found in his picket, his name was ascertained, and it was discovered, on inquiry, that his family was most respectable, and that a property which he claimed as a right, was in controversy for some years in the Court of Chancery. An application was after@wards made in the proper quarter by his sister, who presented a miserable picture of penury and distress, for means to bury him, and the receiver in the cause was directed to dedicate a sum of ten pounds to that purpose. He, however, not being in funds from the estate, declined paying the sum required, but humanely advanced five pounds for the expenses of his interment. The matter would, in all probability@, have remained a secret, were it not that a change was brought by the sister, who asserted that a portion of this money had been converted by the watchmen to their own use, in consequence of which an investigation took place, and the parties were completely exculpated. The misery of this poor creature's appearance defies description, yet, notwith@ standing, in her mode of expression she evinced education and gentility@. The suit to which we allude lias been carrying on for some years, in the course of which period one of the parties as we have stated expired through mere want, in a common watch-house, and the wretched survivor remains an inmate of our city, without a meal to sustain, or a roof to shelter her. Awful Explosion of Gas.-Between eight and nine o'clock on Tuesday evening@, the neighbourhood of Hatton-@wall, London, was thrown into the utmost confusion and terror by a loud and terrific explosion, which forced the glass from the windows, and created the most serious fears in the minds of the inhabitants. In a few seconds it was ascertained that the report proceeded from the interior of the Prince of Orange wine-vaults, which in an instant was enveloped in utter darkness, and filled with a dense smoke. As soon as lights could be procured, the interior of the bar presented a scene of indescribable confusion, Mrs. Deighton, the landlady@, being in a state of insensibility from the force of the shock@, the windows and blinds shivered in splinters, the flooring raised several inches, and covered with fragments of broken decanters, bottles, and glasses. At this moment a young man ruslied up stairs from the cellar, in a state of partial suffoca@ tion, and begged some person would hasten to the assistance of the landlord of whose fate he was quite ignorant. Two or three individuals cautiously descended, and after some search found Mr. Deighton extended on the ground, which had been forced up around him, apparently lifeless. He was instantly taken up stairs, and medical assistance procured, and in a few seconds symptoms of retu@ming animation be@ came visible, he having fortunately received only a contusion in the forehead and a lacerated nose. His account of this extraordinary transaction is, that having some business in the ale cellar, he went down, accompanied by a friend the person who gave the alarm , and was examining an ale cask, when suddenly he felt the ground shake beneath his feet, and in an instant he was thrown across the cellar, and with the violence of the shock became deprived of all sense. His companion was twice knocked down in endeavouring to escape by the stairs, and has completely lost his hearing on one side. A person who was at the bar at the moment, received so severe a shock, that he still lies dangerously ill three clocks in the house were also instantly stopped by the violence of the concussion and a fire grate at some distance was forced from its setting. On examining the cellar, the ground was ascer@ tained to have been forcecF up several feet, full butts were forced from their stations, a portion of the wall thrown down, and a most foetid vapour pervaded the whole cellar but no immediate reason could be assigned for the accident, which was fortunately attended with no fatal consequences. The premises were on Monday inspected by the superintendent of the City Gas Works in Dorset-street, Salisbury-square, and in his opinion the accident could not have been caused by the gas of which there was no appearance of escape, and which acted as usual on being re-lighted. On tlie other hand, the cellar was in constant use, therefore no reason can exist for supposing it to have arisen from the evaporation of pent up vapours. A lighted candle had also been in the cellar nearly the whole of the afternoon. The shock was felt at a considerable distance. Roman Antiquities.-An interesting discovery was made last week, by Edmund Tyrell Artis, F.S.A. F.G.S. of a Ro@ man villa in the neighbourhood of Helpstone between Stamford and Peterborough , on a spot where even an anti@ quarian would not have anticipated any tiling of the kind. POLICE@ EXTRAORDINARY. On Tuesday week, Frederick Robinson was brought before the sitting Magistrates at Row.street, to answer to a charge of quitting his master's service without giving h m due warning. It apjjeared in evidence, that Robinson had, some months ago en@ gaged himself to drive the Sovereign strge-coach, but finding himself unable to manage the horses, and being also apprehensive of the issue of several complaints lodged against him at the next quarter sessions, for careless and unskilful driving he, the said Robinson did last Thursday se'nnig@ht, just as the Sovereign w as to leave London, quit the service of his master, and set off to some relations he has in Bedfordshire since which time, every effort has been made to get him back to his work without success. The following examination will best explain the nature of the case Magistrate Well, Robinson, what have you to say to all this ? Robinson Please your Worship, I'll tell you the whole truth. I took the place because I likes to lie doing, and thought I could do very well but never having been usxl afore to work with leaders, vy the oases got the better o' me, and so I thought it best to be off, before any serious damage happened. Magistrate •. Have you been long in your master's service ? Robinson Yes, Sir, many years and in his Honour's, father s service too. Magistrate And did you never try to drive before@? Robinson No, your Worship. I vas first of all book-keeper, and then I had to pay the men in the yard, and look after the @orn hills, and all that and afterwards master set me up in the Checyuers, and a prosperous time l had o'nt there. Magistrate Ami then you t@ned to better yourself! Robinson Yes, Sur, that was it I thought driving would be good fer my health, of which 1 am particularly careful at all times. Magistrate Pray now, Robinson, speaking of health, didn't your dispute with your master arise about some allowance of spirits in bad weather. Robinson Why, I believe, f fed say, your Worship, that I thought he ought to make me an allowance of Hollands. Magistrate 1 thought you said you were careful of your health, and I am sure that w culd do you no good was that all you haggled about@? Robinson I can't say as how it was, your Worship we don't somehow, live comfortable in the yard, and I'm all for a quiet life and I know'd about Christmas time, the coach would be loaded with turkey baskets, and I did'nt like such a cargo and so I said to Sly@ boots-Magistrate Who is Sly boots ? Robinson His name is George, only we calls him Sly-boots, for shortness. Magistrate What other name has he ? Robinson •. Tierney, your Worship and he and one Petty@, which is a new sarvant, is always a quarrelling, and if Tierney speaks sharp to Petty@, saving your Worship's presence, lie swears he'll take the broom to him and its not pleasant, by no means, living in that ere state of@fantigue. Magistrate Has Petty been long in the yard ? Rob nson Master hired him to stay at home and take care of the office when I took to driving he has been in sarvice afore, but they don't trust him to drive now, because when he did drive, he ris all the fares nearly double what they vas ven he first come to us. Magistrate Are you aware that your master has been put to con@ siderable inconvenience by your absenting yourself? Robinson I am sure I'm werey sorry to i@nconvenience any gem-@man, your Worship but its better for me to go afore any wery bad accident happens 1 did recommend him a steady chap to take my place, and master sent for him, and offered to set him up in the Star and Garter, as well as let him drive, but lie would not handle the rib-@bands, and so it all blowed over. Magistrate Why did you recommend that person without know@ ing w hether he would take the place ? Robinson I knew he had always been an uncommon good Rider, your Worship, so 1 thought he might like to drive but truth is, the team master has got don't draw well together, and so 1 told him. Magistrate Don't you think, Robinson, you had better go back to your place@? Robinson Just as your Worship pleases one of my fellow-sarvants did go back after quitting. Magistrate Who is he? Robinson Old Nick, please your Worship, who drives the Bexley Van@ Magistrate Do you know lien Tinck ? Robinson I do, Sir a Dutch lad he be now in sarvice abroad. Magistrate D'ye think he would do for a coachman@? Robinson He may, your Worship, for all I know some of liis family did drive once, but whether it were his father or liis mother, I can't rightly recollect. Magistrate That is, you don't recollect wliether it was a mail coachwoman, or a female coachman ? Robinson He, be, he-he, he. Magistrate Do you know' Ward ? Robinson Which Ward, your Worship ? Magistrate Jack Ward. Robinson •. Oh, the Dudley boy ? Yes, your Worship, and a sliarp clever lad he be. Magistrate Would he do to drive ? . Robinson I rather thinks as trow he wou@@Wnt, your Worship he did belong to the Opposition, but when tliat concarn failed, lie corned over to the Crown to master. I believe he h s given warning, your Wot hip. His father has left him a lump of money, and he don't understand out of doors work much, and 1 believe he is a going as fust as he can. Magistrate Well now, Robinson, 1 have been consulting with Sir Richard here we don't wish to be hard upon you will you go back to you place till your master is suited ? Robinson I've no objection whatsumever, provided always, your Worship, that I am let to go before the sessions, w hich begins the 22d of next month. Magistrate Why, you are not afraid or ashamed of anything you have dene, Robinson@? Robinson.- Both, and please your Worship I never meant wrong but things have all gone wrong, and the sooner I get to rest, the better pleased 1 shall be. Migistra'e But, if your master should not get a servant he can trust@? Robinson Why then, Sir, master must get a coach as will go by steam it would be the making of@'Squire Lambton, your Worship and as for hot water, the Opposition will keep 'um in that. Magistrate Robinson, you are a wag. Robinson Your Worship is the first gemman as ever was pleased to say so. Magistrate Well, will you go back for the present ? Robinson Why, Sir, it's of no use, for I can't neither drive nor lead without, fear of accident but if you pleases to speak to master, I have no objection to stay over Christmas with him but I won't go and be badgered up at the sessions. Magistrate Go your way then, Robinson, and we'll see what can be done for you. Robinson Good morning, your Worship, and thank you. Robinson left the office, and we believe has arranged to remain in his present place, for a few days, till his master is suited.-John Bull. Curious Casf. Tub Quicksilver Institute.' -Court of Requests, Greenwich.-This was a proceeding before the Commissioners of the Court of Conscience, in which the plaintiff, the Rev. J. J. G. Fischer the founder of the Quicksilver Institute at Greenwich, sought to recover from Ash Abrahams, Esq. the Treasurer to the Establishment, the sum of £1 Os. 5d. for quicksilver supplied by him, and consumed by the gentlemen forming the Committee of the Insti@ tute. The plaintiff stated, that he was the founder of a new Society@, which .was called the Quicksilver Institute, planned on the prin@ ciples of the British and Fureiyn Bible Society. On the 7 th Sept, last lie met several respectable gentleman of Greenwich at the Ureyhoruid Inn, who offered to join and assist him in liis Quicksilver Medical plan, and formed themselves instantly into a regular society, called the Quicksilver Institute,'' and a Chairman, Deputy, Secretary, and liis Deputy, were chosen, and the Committee resolved that from 50 to 100 lbs. weight be bought, chosen, and proved to be genuine by him, to distribute gratis to whoever should like to take it, and particularly fer the members of the Institute, and to make sufficient experiments and experience of what was said and printed of this mineral, the innume. rable virtues it possessed, and its fitness to be introduced all over the worl 1 It was also arranged tliat the Institute should take a house for a dispensary. In consequence of this, he ordered successively five pounds weight of quicksilver for the use of the Society, and the bill was sent in to the Quicksilver Institute, and was the Society's pro@ perty. On the 21st of September he found it necessary to dissolve the institute, owing to the misconduct of its members. Since the breaking up of the Institution, he had been applied to by the chemist of whom he had purchased tlie quicksilver for payment, but he re@ fuse d, on the ground that it bad been bought for the use of the Insti@ tute and by its order, and therefore ought to be paid for out of the funds of tlie society by Mr. Ash Abrahams, the Honorary Secretary. Five pounds weight of quicksilver was used altogether, by Mr. Ash Abrahams, Mr. Monk, Mr. Cole, and Mr. Ben. Smith, all of whom swallowed a part of the mercury! Mr. Ash Abrahams, in answer to the complaint, said that he was in@ih@chabit of going to the Greyhound tavern to spend the evening witlrsome friends, ami Mr. Fischer for several nights bothered them about his discovery in quicksilver, and lie frequently brought 4 orae with him, and prevailed upon several gentlemen to swallow tome, and he amongst the rest took a piece the size of a pea, for which he paid him six pence, as also did others. It was true they did talk of forming a Society, and he was appointed Honorary Secretary, but he assured the Commissioners that it was all a joke from beginnirigto@end. Mr. Fischer, said tlie quicksilver was always tafcen at the society, and one night in particular Mr. B. Smith brought in the statue of Mercury, and placed it upon the table, saying he should make it@a@present to tlie Society, until they had accumulated funds sufficient to have a marble one made. The Gentlemen then all drank some quicksilver to the-health of Mercury, and tlie bottle was returned to me full of filthy water, and they then broke up the meeting, and refused to pay me for the quicksilver they had con@ sumed. Mr. Barker, the Solicitor to the Commissioners, said, Mr. Abrahams, you say you took a portion of the quicksilver, pray may I ask wlrnt effect it had upon you ! Mr.' Abrahfjn -0h, wonderful Sir, I had a crick in the neck for some time, and it removed it imme@ diately. Mr. Ben. Smith deposed, that Mr. Fischer had for a long time annoyed them about this universal medicine, and assured them it was even good for horses. Some person in the Court called out yes, and for asses too. A loud laugh. Mr. Smith continued-It had been only a piece of fun from tlie commencement, and whatever had been taken. Mr. Fischer had been handsomely paid for. He must have been aware that it was a burlesque. Mr. Fischer, with great warmth, said he had no idea of 'such a thing Mr. Knox, another of the mem@ bers, was now called. Mr. Fiscfier-Mr. Knox is not a fit man for a witness, because he is ofie of the party@, and he told me I did not know the Greek Alphabet. Incessant laughter Mr. Knox stated that the whole w as a complete joke from beginning to end, and Ik-told Mr. Fischer so@ Tlie plaintiff was then nonsuited. First Appfarante on a London Stage-@From Snatches of Oblivion J- At length tlie day@@. big with tlie fiite of my future fame or obscurity, was ushered in. Tlie church clock at length chimed six. the hour at which 1 should have entered the theatre @@n condemned malefactor could not have listened with more mute horror to his death-knell than that which pervaded me@at tlie moment. My , high-flown expectations at once deserted me, and I would have given up all the little I had '@in possession or expectancy' of the world@s goods to have freed myself from the trial I was about to undergo -Throwing m self, how ever, into a hackney-coach, which was waiting at the door, I ordered the driver to carry me to the theatre. It seemed scarcely a moment since l quitted my own dark little chamber, before I found myself transported info a brilliantly-lighted dressing room, which had Ijeen prepared expressly for my reception. Mirrors from the ceiling to the floor, perfumed wax emitting a brilliant and flattering light, representing a fairy scene to my tewildered eyes, w bile the half dozen attendants, who were employed in decorating my tf-rson, seemed like so many silent spirits to assist tte delusion.-When the operation of dressing was concluded, I entered the green@ room, and endeavoured to throw an air of carelessness over my manners, which the most inexperienced could have detected w s assumed. @Twas a vain attempt-1 was the object of attention of every person present-every eye was directed to me@ Equally vain were my endeavours to converse familiarly with my friends, they ail seemed trying to give me encouragement, ofw'hich I must have pnlp-@ably stood in need. The business of tlie stage commenced, performer after performer quilted the room-how l envied the perfect nonchalance with which they received the call, and how l trembled at the verv expectation of tearing my own name uttered, which 1 knew a very few minutes would accomplish. 1 repeated fifty times to myself the first words. I impressed on my mind tlie peculiar emphasis and gesture I should make use of, till the call-boy gave the notice that ' my moment was come.' I was conducted to the side-scenes by my friends, one of whom slapped me on the shoulder. 1 needed some@ thing to rouse me, every spark of self-possession had tied .- suddenly -making a desperate effort, l rusted forward, but suddenly drew back, as if 1 was entering the portal of an enchanted palace '@foolish,' ex@ claimed some voice, not '@loud, but deep ' it w r as my friend the manager, who immediately pushed me, as it were, on the stage -Before I was well aware of my situation, 1 was fairly in the front of the house, the solitary unit, for I know' not how many thousand pair of eyes to gaze at. What was my horror at that moment@! A.i audible buzz went through the house, and an awful stillness sur. ceeded. Oh@! awful to me beyond language@! The glare of light prevented me from looking up and when I did, l saw my brethren on the stage eyeing me with most inquisitive vigilance how poor at that moment appeared to me the fame, the riches of the world, in comparison with their self possession and consummate coolness. A film seemed to float before my eyes-1 felt as if l was reeling an hysterical affection swelled my throat, not a word could I utter. My pitiable situation at once aroused the feelings of a genuine English audience they saw the emotions under which 1 was labouring, the stillness was broken, and an animating round of applause tilled the house. In the midst of this tumult I felt the energy of niy mind return. Lifting my eyes from the boards, to which they had been till then rivetted, I looked around, and seeing none but encouraging faces, the spirit of hope entered my veins-every faculty was sharpened -and when the applause had subsided, I delivered tte few lines I had to repeat w ith as much effect as I did the day preceding before a looking-glass. I wa3 not long left in doubt of the nature of my re@ ception. As the lerformance proceeded, the house was occasionally shaken with acclamations. The stage, which seemed at first to me the field of alarm and dismay, now was the arena of triumph, and I trod it with the feelings of a victorious hero. My death-scene was the proudest hour of my life, for it was there that the general enthu@ siasm discovered itself, and I was carried from the stage thoroughly intoxicated with my complete success. Yet still the cup of my hap@ piness was to be crowned with a more sparkling brim. After the play a general call resounded for my appearance. I entered again on the stage but how different were my feelings@! The audience rose-tte house reverberated with applause-hats and handkerchiefs were waved, and my name sent up, as it were, by a thousand voices to the skies. The play was given out, and I rushed from the stage revelling in all tte delirium of a highly-excited imagination. Origin op tiik Bebp-Strak Club.-Whilst Rich was employed in planning a pantomime, his atelier, a small room in tte theatre, was almost as much frequented as Canova's or Thorw aldscn's in our days. Every one seemed to be anxious to see him at his interesting labours. Amongst these were several men of rank and wit for Rich's colloquial oddities were much relished. The celebrated Lord Retei -borough, then somew'hat advanced in years, Hogarth, Sir James Thornhill, c. c. were of the number. At these visits he never in@ termitted his labours, noi his strain of facetious remark. Upon one occasion, accident having detained the Earl's coach later than usual, he found Rich's chit-chat so agreeable, that he was quite unconscious that it was two in the afternoon when he observed the man of j an-@tomime spreading a cloth, then coaxing his fire into a clear culinary flame, and proceeding with gravity to cook his own beef steak on his own gridiron. The steak sent up a most inviting incense, and my Lord Could not resist Rich's invitation to partake of it. A further supply was sent for and a bottle or two of wiue from a neighbouring tavern, prolonged their discourse to a late hour. But so delighted was the old peer with his entertainment, that, on going away, he proposed renewing it at the same place and hour on tlie Saturday following. He was punctual to liis engagement, and brought wiih with him three or four@friends, men of wit and pleasure about town,'' as Mr. Bayes would call them and so truly festive was the meeting, tliat. it was pro osed that a Saturday's club should be held there, whilst the town remained full. A sumptuary law, even at this early period of the society, restricted the bill of fare to beef-steaks, and the beverage to port wine and punch. Thus the corner-stone of the Sub@ lime Society was laid.-The Clubs of London. CHRISTMAS THEATRICALS. Dri'RY-Lane.-On Wednesday, the new pantomime made its appearance under the title of Harlequin and Cock Robin. or the Babes in the IVcod.-It was an excellent burlesque upon that popular story, and it was the occa@ sion of a good deal of laughter. The two babes doated on by their parents were such bandy-legged disagreeable urchins, that it really was quite asto@ nishing how the cock-robins could trouble themselves to cover tnem with leaves, unless to get rid of so unpleasant a sight in the wood as their dis@ torted dead bodies. The @crformanccs of the gigantic birds who discharged this pious office were also very ridiculous, and they hopped about the stage to the infinite delight of the younger part of@the audience. The undertakers of the murder were a butcher and a carpenter, who had been bribed by the wicked uncle. It should be noticed some fearful sm ernatural acency is employed for the instigation of the murder, in which the genii of Gloom and Destruction figure very prominently. The transformations take place in the sixth scene, the Elysium of Innocence when Sir Roland, the cruel uncle Mr. Barnes , is changed into Pantaloon the butcher Mr. Southby and a female innkeeper Mr. Lusher , into Clowns Walter, the carpenter • Mr. Howell , into Harlequin and Deborah Rose,@an innkecix-r's daughter, into Columbine. Here, in fact, the pantomime commences-the first part or introduction being a sort of ludicrous drama. Some of Stanfield's views are beautifully painted and we may notice, especially, Portsmouth wit-h shipping in a gale, and Old London Bridge, in 15U J-very different subjects, but executed in a stvle of art peculiarly his own. The more gorgeous and ingenious scones by Marinari and Andrews, in their wav, were also of the best description. Some good-humoured satire and touches at the times aie introduced in the course of lhe performance, which met with general appro@ bation. Two jokes of this kind were highly relished by the audience in one of them a poor Italian image-bearer is introduced with a naked Cupid he is discovered, and denounced by certain members of the society for the suppression ot vice, but he contrives to satisfy their moral scruples by cheating an old Jew clothosman so far out of nature out of an old @air of breeches and a waistcoat with which he clothes the truant of Venus. -The other is a well-merited ridicule of@the present fashions among ladies of wearing bonnets of a most prejMSternus and unbecoming sire, and among men of wearing enonnous whiskers and smoking cigars. Some of the tricks and changes were rapid and surprising, even to those who all their lives have been pantomime hunters. Coybnt-Gabde.n.-The fable, if we may so call it, of@the new pantomime at this house, is founded on the first of@the seven legends of Number Sip. We cannot venture to rank this pantomime among the best of ita penns, although we have certainly seen worse. For the success it met with it is principally indebted to Parsloe, whose agility and contortions rendered him a most efficient representative of a goblin who is a very Proteus in Lis way. In the zoological garden by far the most amusing scene of the piece the animals escape, and here, in the shape of@a runaway monkev, lie appears to great advantage. A most magnificent peacock, on a grand scale, and a camcleopard, also gave great satisfaction on this occasion. 'Ihe moving panorama is a beautiful thing of its kind, and the conflict, we are happy to say, was well carried on by means of kettle-drums vice gunpowder. The tricks are few in number, nor have they any claim to originality most of them, indeed, such as the bear's grease producing extempore moustochios, the skaiting, Harlequin's coach, steam-hoat, Arc. are very old acquaintances. It boasts, however, some very pretty scene's, especially the early ones, though that of tendon from the new Coliseum, on which the artist seems to have particularly calculated, is a failure. I he applauses, comparatively faint during the progress, were general at the conclusion of the piece. LONDON POLICE. Mansion-House.-On Monday week, a young woman, of very interesting appearance, applied to Alderman Farcbrotber, who sat for the terd Mayor, under the following circumstances -She had been, she said, a'oout ten years ago, when she was no more than ll? years of age, prevailed u on l y her mother, who was fascinated by the Methodists, to marry a minister from amongst them, although a gentleman, who is high in the law in the Welsh districts, had been paying his addresses to her at the time. Af cv three years of great unhappiness, her husband atandoned her, and h r mother, who, notwithstanding the misconduct of@the minister, lost none of her attachment to the sect of which he pretended to be the ornament, married one of the persons who are we believe she said called Ranters, and soon found u ' his religion had been put on to enable him to deceive with the more u wterity. Her mother did not long survive the marriage, and then the cloven foot immediately apj eared to the unfortunate appli@ cant and her sisters for their step-fat her contrived to get hold of@evtry farthing of property to which they were entitled, amounting to several hundreds each, and refused to give them the slightest assistance or relief@-Under these melancholy circumstances, the young woman came to tendon, and succeeded in procuring a situation as ladies'@maid, in the@m ighbourhood of Brunswick-square, where she resided two years. Her former lover, however, found out the place of her abode, and persecuted her until he prevailed upon her to leave her honest employment and live with him as liis wife. For the space of two years she was his constant companion, some@ times residing with him at the Temple, and sometimes at Brighton. At length he also abandoned her and, left desolate, without father, mother@ money, or friends, she had no means of saving herself from starvation ex@ cept that to which she submitted in her extremity-prostitution@ She had frequently written to the gentleman who had seduced her from the lift @f industry which she had chosen, but in vain lie never took notice of h r misery. He had been but very lately married, and she would not. on anv account, disturb the happiness of the family to which he was united f ... would, however, disclose his name, and other particulars relating to him@ @@@@he superintendent of the Magdalen Asylum, or of the Female Pcniten-i' f ' v , nch f he V peJ oobt A' n an introduction from the worthy magistrate whom she addressed. Her condition was wretched in wax driven by the most desperate necessity into habits w hall she detested, and all she asked for was an opportunity and a place for IS Th 0, The unfortunate female said, in conclusion, that u'v n the ! h ,' r J!w t £ me 2 t ' c r re eady to stand or fa!I - There w. s noti ng connected with her deplorable fortune which she would not detail to the principal of any charitable establishment where, bv honest indiMn. be nugnt oc enabled to pass her days away from the horrors to whk h l.e I ad bo n exposed. Ihe applicant's countenance is full of care, and . te h@@ many ot the symptoms of consumption about her but a little hum nity may do a great deal. She was luppl@ud with adequate means of suptx t bv the direction ot the alderman, until the intentions ol the governor? o. the remalc ' cni'entiary shall have been made known. it h HIM j ! 1 i iU i f ill m s
[ GS_aligned] ########################################## AND LINCOLNSHIRE GENERAL ############################################ January 1, 1828. PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY T. TOPPING, AT THE OFFICE, 51 LOWGATE, HULL. Price 7d.-Vol. 42.-No. 2250. TO THE PATRONS OF ##################################### T@HE PUBLIC IN #################### with feelings of gratitude and respect, the Proprietor of THE ######################################## @his sincere acknowledgments to his Friends and the Public, for the liberal support a@ﬀorded to the undertaking in which he has engaged. In connecting himself with this concern, as a fair and honourable speculation, @he was in- ﬂuenced chie@ﬂy by the persuasion, that a Journal so long established, and at one period possessing so large a share of public favour, could not fail, if conducted with spirit, to rise in gener@al estimation, and to attain ultimately such respectability in circulation and commercial patronage as would amply repay his exertions. In pursuance of this object, various improvements were introduced into the typographical department of THE PACKET the size of the sheet was considerably enlarged, and other arrangements were adopted, by which not only the amount of miscellaneous reading contained in the old paper was nearly doubled, but a greater quantity and variety of matter presented to the reader, in this publication, than in either of the other papers printed in Hull. The event has proved that the e@ﬀorts of the Proprietor to raise this publication to eminence , as a most useful and interesting Provincial Journal, have been fully appreciated by a liberal and discerning Public. The result has already exceeded his most sanguine anticipations not only has the circulation of THE PACKET obtained, in the space of two months, an increase of subscribers unprecedented in so short a period, but the numerous favours of the mercantile and other classes, which appear in its columns weekly , prove it to be already @ﬁrmly established as an eligible vehicle for Advertisements, and Notices of every description.-In return for the extensive support he has received, the Proprietor, in acknowledging the heartfelt obligations he is under to his numerous Friends and the Public generally, takes this opportunity to express his intention to spare no pains or ex@pense to sustain the credit already acquired by THE ############################### and to meet with spirit, and with alacrity, competition of every description. In accordance with this determination, he respectfully an- nounces, that arrangements are now in progress for increasing the size of this Journal by the ADDITION of FOUR FULL COLUMNS, in width the twenty‐four columns of which the paper will then consist, to be of such additional length, as may appear consistent with symmetry and fair proportion. A compensation will thus be given to the general reader, for the space occupied by the Advertisements and Notices so liberally contributed to THE PACKET, through the kindness of its commercial friends, and for the room unavoidably taken up by the Markets, Shipping Intelligence, and other articles, valuable to men of business, but conducing little to the@@ interest and attractions of a Newspaper. So very important an increase of space will enable the conductors of this paper to devote more attention to many subjects of a popular c@haracter, that have been necessarily curtailed in their limits in preceding publications, and to impart in other respects an improved feature to this Journal. The Parliamentary proceedings of the ensuing Session, under the present cir- cumstances of the country, will possess a paramount claim upon the attention of all classes of the community. By the increased size of this paper, its conductors will be enabled to present the reader with a faithful transcript of the most important Debates, without abridging the local, mercantile, agrieultural, and other intelligence, interesting to the readers of a Provincial Journal. The period during which this pub- lication has been conducted by the parties at present engaged in it has been so short, that it would be presumptuous to allude particularly to their past labours. It will merely be remarked, t@hat the tone of eandour and impartiality hitherto distinguishing its pages, will continue to be maintained and that every exertion will be made to render its contents useful, varied, and entertaining.-In conclusion, we beg our numerous Friends to@ accept from us t@he compliments of the season , which we hope it will be our fortune to pay to them for many succeeding years, assuring them, that our congratu- lations @ﬂow from hearts grateful for their kind and liberal support. @DR. NORRIS'S FEVER DROPS@. T HIS celebrated Medicine is allowed to be superior to any other remedy in all cases of Fevers, Sore Throats, Slow Fevers, commonly called Nervous, Typhus Fever , and Agues, and all those Disorders which arise from obstructed perspira- tion. In hot climates, where Fluxes and Bilious Complaints are very prevalent, especially in the West Indies and America, these Drops are, by extensive and successful experience, proved to be invaluable. They produce perspiration in the most gentle and easy manner, and without giving the Patient the least disturbance or uneasiness. These Drops, given agreeably to the direction in t@he several and distinct cases, not a single instance has ever come to the knowledge of Dr. Norris, in which they have failed to cure. Purchasers are requested to observe that the genuine preparation of Norris's Drops, will have engraved on t@he Stamp #################### Price 2s. 9d.-1@1s. and in Family Bottles 22s. eac@h. Sold by T. Topping , R. Allanson, Moxon, Smith Co. Hammond, Turner Co. Ross Burton, Healey, Hudson, Wilkinson, and Lofthouse, Hull Kenningham, Tigar, Turner, and Ramsden, Beverley Dixon, Barton Sherwood, Drif- ﬁeld ######### Bridlington Fox, Bridlington‐Quay and all Medicine Venders. ################### @BAL@M OF GILEAD I S a most agreeable and powerful restorative in all Nervous Dis- orders. This celebrated Cordial is peculiarly e@@ﬃcacious in Inward Wastings, Loss of Appetite, Indigestion, Depression of Spirits, Trembling or Shaking of t@he Hands, s@hortness of Breath and Consumptive Habits. It eases t@he most violent Pains in the Head and Stomach, and promotes gentle perspiration. By the Nobility and Gentry this Medicine is much admired, being pleasant to t@he taste and smell, gently astringing the @ﬁbres of the stomach, and gi@ving that proper tone which a good digestion requires. Nothing can be better adapted to assist the constitution which has been much in@jured by the irregularities of youth, habits of studious application, a life of pleasure, or a residence in hot climates or those w@ho from any cause have fallen into a despondent state of mind, or that dis- tressing train of sym@ptoms, commonly denominated the Nervous. persons the mental powers are not less enfeebled than the corporeal, and to them a remedy that acts with prompt ##################### interfering with domestic habits, is peculiarly desirable. Sold by T. Topping, Allanson, Turner and Co. and Rodford, Hull Turner, Beverley and all respectable Medicine Venders in bottles at 11s. each, and family bottles, containing the quantity of ####################################################################### such disorders as originate in a depraved habit of the body, as obstinate eruptions, undue evacuations, chronic rheumatism, and the consequences of insidious diseases. It is a truly mild, safe, und e@ﬀectual remedy, and the best sub- s@titute hitherto discovered for that dangerous mineral Mercury. ##### e@@qually well adapted to both sexes, and all ages. There are few f@amilies in which its great utility does not admit of easy proof, as a puri@ﬁer of the blood and a promoter of t@he natural secretions. Illustrations of the e@@ﬃcacy of t@he Cordial Balm of Gilead, and of the ################## are given in the Guide to Health, which also con- tains much interesting information on health and disease, particularly on t@he origin and treatment of such disorders as result from im- prudence and fashionable vices. Sold in bottles price 11s. and 33s. each. Observe Saml. Solomon, Liverpool, is engraved on the Government stamp a@@ﬃxed to #### #### Five Pound Cases may be had at Gilead‐House, as heretofore ROBBERDS's COUCH DROPS. HESE Drops have been long esteemed for their superior e@@ﬃcacy i@@n Coughs, Colds, Asthmas, and Consumptions they are the invention of an Apothecary of con iderable practice, who stakes @his reputation on their salutary properties the extension of their sale, and the invariable success which accompanies their application, proves that they are a Remedy to be depended upon, on the @ﬁrst attack of Cold, and in t@he most obstinate Cough and Asthma. In a suit commenced in Chancery and lately decided, Messrs. Shaw and Edwards proved their absolute Right and Title to this valuable Medicine. @Mr. Edwards, now the sole Proprietor, informs the Public that the above Drops are faithfully prepared by him from the original Recipe as sworn to by #################### Inventor, and in his pos- session and that every bottle of the genuine preparation will have engraved on the stamp, Evan Edwards, 67, St. Paul's. Sold in bottles, 2s. @9d. and @4s. 6d. each, and may @be procured of Messrs. T. Topping, Allanson, Ross a@nd Burton, Hull Turner, and Ramsden, Beverley an@d all Medicine Venders. This Day is published, C APTAIN PARRY's First, Second, and Third Voyages,@@ beautifully printed in Five Pocket Volumes, with a Portrait , Map , and Views, engraved by Finden, price only Twenty Shillings, @@@@Printed for John Murray, ############################ WRIGHT, #################################### King's Theatre, Opera Colonnade, Haymarket, London, has now on Sale, warranted, the @ﬁnest Genuine WINES and SPIRITS, at prices Cheaper than any other House in England. ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### Hennesie Rum, and Whiskies Old Bottled Stout, Ale, Cyder, @@c. from 7s. @6d. per dozen. Florence Oil in Cases,@@@ 30 @ﬂasks. Seven Dozen of Port, Sherry, or Madeira, 23s. 6d. per dozen, well packed in a good Wine hogshead, @ﬁt for any use, including bottles, and for £10. Quarter Casks of Port and Sherry, 28 imperial gallons, permitted from the Docks to the Purchaser direct, Cask in-@ clusive, £15 15s. Cape Madeira, 22@½ Gallons imperial measure,all included 8l. Butts, Pipes, Hogsheads, cheaper than the above prices. Private Boxes, and Admissions for the King's, Covent- Garden, and @Drury‐Lane Theatres, by the Night, Week, and Season. N. B. No Orders will be attended to unless accompanied with a Remittance , and Postage paid.@@@@@ R. ALLANSON , ########### B EGS most respectfully to inform his Friends and the Public, that he has just received a large supply of that celebrated domestic Medicine, the CORDIAL BALM of LIFE, viz. Dr. LAMER@T'S NERVOUS BALSAM, or, Nature's In- fallible Restorative under his Majesty's Royal Authority , patronized by the Nobility , Army , Navy , and Persons of all ranks throughout Europe. A most convenient, safe, and infallible remedy for nervous and asthmatic disorders, in ward wastings, lowness of spirits, loss of appetite, palpitation of the heart, oppression of the breast, trembling or shaking of the hands or limbs, mental or bodily decay, seminal weak, ness, dimness of sight, obstinate coughs, shortness of breath- impaired memory , consumption , indigestion , sick head‐ache, frightful dreams, pains or wind in the stomach, and all con- stitutional complaints. The Balm of Life is not recommended indiscriminately for every disease incident to the human frame but for that class of diseases which are termed Nervous, it is an absolute speci- ﬁc. There is rarely a deviation from health in which it will not a@ﬀord relief. It is to be considered that Nervous Diseases constitute one‐third, or perhaps a greater proportion, of the disorders to which we are liable it has, therefore, been in- disputably proved, that the Balm of Life invariably operates on the nerves, producing the most desirable and sanative e@ﬀects, and is of the greatest service to every one of those cases for which it is recommended. It may be given to the ten- derest infant, the pregnant female, and@ palsied old age, with safety and e@@ﬃcacy , hitherto unparalleled in the annals of medical discovery , bei@ng a medicine which will keep in all climates. Prepared and sold, wholesale and retail, by the sole inven- tor, Dr. Lamert, at his Old Medical Establishment, No. 10, Church‐Street, Spital@ﬁelds, London, Ten Doors from the Church, and opposite the Chapel, which has been established for the last sixty years. ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION. It is well known that Asthma and Consumption are the prevailing diseases of our northern climate. They are pe- culiarly distressing and fatal among the labouring class, @because it possesses scanty means either of arresting their violence in the early stages, or mitigating the agonies of body and of mind, which unavoidably accompany their progress and their termination. Yet singular as it may appear, amidst all the excellent charities which have been established by the public benevolence, no scheme h@as yet been adopted, by which the e@ﬀect of a treatment, adapted in every respect to the nature of the complaints, might have a fair and perse- vering trial. It is not too much to a@@ﬃrm, that the devastation of Asthma and Consumption, though not so rapid and striking, is more extensive, and accompanied with greater pain and misery than that of a pestilence. Would it be believed, or can it be re@ﬂected on without the deepest concern, that in London and its environs alone, ten thousand lives are the annual victims of these destroyers ? If the multitudes who were su@ﬀering and dying of these dreadful maladies during the last winter, were presented at one view before us, amidst all the accumulation of wretchedness, which bodily pain, aggravated by poverty and destitution, produces, the heart would grow sick, and we should eagerly desire to part with our substance, that we might procure relief from the agony of our own feel- ings. But, because the destroyer works unseen in the hovels of the indigent because his victims, instead of being bla- zoned in the public journals, are con@ﬁned to the bills of mortality, the evil passes on with little observation its magnitude and pressure remain almost unknown no ade- quate exertion is made to resist its progress, or mitigate its e@ﬀects and the physician is not furnished with the oppor- tunity of trying , on an extensive @ﬁeld, what medical research may do to alleviate su@ﬀering and to save life. This de@ﬁciency in medical science for the cure of Asthma and Consumption, is now happily @ﬁlled up through the dis- covery, by Dr. Lamert, of his celebrated Nervous Balsam, the true Balm of Life, and a complete Restorative of Nature, which has stood the test of upwards of sixty years' trial and those who have used it in the various disorders to which it is applicable particularly Asthma and Consump- tion , have rarely found it fail in its intended e@ﬀect Dr. L. therefore, con@ﬁdently o@ﬀers it as an e@@ﬃcacious remedy to those af@ﬂicted with the above lamentable disorders, convinced that one trial only will establish its decided e@@ﬃcacy. It is well known, that in pulmonary complaints, the most e@ﬀectual remedy is a timely removal to warm climates but this remedy is very di@@ﬃcult even to the rich, and utterly un- attainable by the labouring poor. The only substitute is the CORDIAL BALM of LIFE, which generally arrests the pro- gress both of Consumption and Asthma in their incipient state, and greatly alleviates the systems of the latter, even when it appears in its most advanced stages. Those unhappy personal weaknesses which render life a burden, and sexual society intolerable, which are the bane of succeeding generations, not only in corporeal imbecility but in mental deprivation invariably yield to Dr. Lamert's superior and salutary mode of treatment. By a process peculiarly his own with the unwearied researches of a most laborious practice of sixty years he is enabled to remove the e@ﬀects of cases long considered hopeless, and leave health and vigour where he found decay and despair. The above salubrious Cordial may be had of Mr. R. Allan- son, at the General Medicine Warehouse, Scale‐Lane, Hull, who will supply any Country Agents, if required, on liberal terms , in bottles at 4s. @6d. and 10s. 6d. each t@he bottle at 10s. @6d. contains three of those at 4s. 6d. or two 10s. @6d. bottles in one for 20s. also a family bottle contain- ing four at 10s. @6d. for 33s., by purchasing which 9s. are saved, duty included. Be sure to ask for Dr. Lamert's Cordial Balm of Life, as @no other is genuine. @@FOGS AND DAMP AIR. B ARCLAY's ASTHMATIC CANDY has, for many years, been proved an e@ﬀectual preservative from the ill e@ﬀects of the Fogs and Damp Air, which, in the Winter Season, are so prevalent in this Climate. Its e@ﬀects are, to expel Wind, to preserve the Stomach from the admission of Damps, and to relieve those who su@ﬀer from Di@@ﬃculty of Breathing. Prepared only by Barclay and Sons, 95, Fleet‐Market, London, and sold, by their appointment, by all respectable Stationers, Druggists, and Medicine Venders, in Boxes, at 2s. 9d. and 1s. 1½d. each, duty included. Observe-None can be genuine, unless the names of Barclay and Sons are on the Stamp a@@ﬃxed to each box. MISCELLANEOUS. ######################## Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock, the examination of witnesses into the conduct of the prisoner Williams, a young man who was for some time on the fatal evening, in company with the unfortunate de- ceased, and to whom some circumstances of a suspicious cha- racter attach, on the night of the murder of Ann Crotchley , was resumed before Mr. Hickson, the Mayor, and the other magistrates. The most decisive evidence was given that Williams had no stick or umbrella @with either of which it is conjectured, the wounds may have been given in his pos- sesion, either when he left the #### Arms public‐house, on that night, shortly previous to th@e #### when Crotchley was found lying drunk in Blue Boar‐lane, or at any period of the same night. T@he Mayor and Magistrates retired after the entire of the evidence had been gone into, and after some con- sultation with Mr. Roberson the Town Clerk as to the power of magistrates to admit to bail in a charge of felony of so serious a nature, the latter gentleman consulted Mr. Peel's acts, and advised the magistrates under all the circumstances of the case, to allow the prisoner to stand out till the period of the Sessions, on bail. The Mayor accordingly intimated to Williams that he would be discharged from custody upon @his entering into recognizances, and @ﬁnding bail to answer any bill of indictment which might be preferred against him for felony and murder at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the City of Oxford, to be holden in the course of the ensuing month. The bail to be himself in £500, and two su@@ﬃcient sureties in t@he sum of £250 each. The prisoner was then removed, the bail required not being at the time forthcoming. It is doubted whether the prisoner will be able to make out the required security , but as the time of trial ap- proaches so nearly , only a temporary deprivation of liberty will be experienced by him. T@he City of Oxford enjoys a privilege possessed by no other city within the British domi- nions, with the exception perhaps of Bristol viz.-the power of trying at its Sessions of the Peace by its own legal head, the Recorder, felonies of the worst description, treason, mur- der, c. ###################### neighbourhood of Brisley , in this county Norfolk , was on Monday thrown into a state of consternation by a report of the body of a boy, named Wm. Moore,about 13 years of age, having been shockingly mangled, and under circumstances which immediately led to the con- clusion that a murder of the most dreadful description had been committed. The most active steps were immediately taken to discover the perpetrator of the inhuman act. On Tuesday and Wednesday last, an inquest was held at the Bell Inn , Brisley , by F. T. Quarles, gentleman, coroner for the liberty of the duchy of Lancaster, on the body. It appeared that the deceased was found in a ploughed @ﬁeld, in the said parish, on the Monday morning , with his neck stabbed or cut in two or three places, and a bandage tied round so as to strangle him his body was ripped open from the breast to the lower part of the abdomen , and his entrails torn out his liver was torn in pieces, and part of it laid by his side The deceased lived with his cousin, Jacob Powley , of Litcham, cordwainer, and was sent by him on a donkey, on Sunday morning , with a parcel to be left at Bintry , Royal Oak. A man named John Kenney overtook the boy on Brisley‐green, from whence they proceeded together passing the Royal Oak at Bintry , Kenney told the deceased it was Twyford upon inquiry he found himself at Foulsham, where he stated that Kenney had led him out of the way he asked at Foulsham if that was Bintry, when he was told it was not, and was directed the way to the Royal Oak, where he had some re- freshment, and corn for his donkey. While at the Oak, he stated that Kenney said he would murder him. The landlady asked him to stay all night, but he said No, I am not afraid. He left the Oak about three o'clock in the afternoon to return home, when he was soon overtaken by Kenney , who was seen lurking near the house during the boy's stay , when he fol- lowed him through Billingford and Elmham, to a place called Elmham Hurdle, on the road leading towards Brisley, where they were seen together at @ﬁve o'clock. The murder is sup- posed to have been committed about six o'clock the same evening. Three witnesses deposed to their having heard screams at the time when, and apparently proceeding from the quarter where, the sanguinary #### was afterwards disco- vered to have been perpetrated. On Monday morning Kenney was apprehended on suspicion of being the murderer, as he was seen wi@th the deceased as before stated, from eleven till @ﬁve in the evening of the same day. After an examination of the witnesses, the Jury returned a verdict of @@@@Wilful murder against the said John Kenney, who was forthwith committed under the coroner's warrant to Norwich Castle, and was conveyed to that gaol by Mr. Johnson, keeper of Swa@ﬀham Bridewell.-Norfolk Chronicle. ############################## very respectable man, whose name we are not disposed to mention, was brought into one of the watch‐houses at Dublin, lately , in a state of extreme exhaustion and wretchedness, and having lingered for a short time, he breathed @his last. From some memo- randums found in his pocket, his name was ascertained, and it was discovered, on inquiry, that his family was most respectable, and that a property which he claimed as a right, was in controversy for some years in the Court of Chancery. An application was after wards made in the proper quarter by his sister, who presented a miserable picture of penury and distress, for means to bury him, and the receiver in the cause was directed to dedicate a sum of ten pounds to that purpose. He, however, not being in funds from the estate, declined paying the sum required, but humanely advanced @ﬁve pounds for the expenses of his interment. The matter would, in all probability , have remained a secret, were it not that a charge was brought by the sister, who asserted that a portion of this money had been converted by the watchmen to their own use, in consequence of which an investigation took place, and the parties were completely exculpated. The misery of this poor creature's appearance de@ﬁes description, yet, notwith- standing, in her mode of expression she evinced education and gentility . The suit to which we allude @has been carrying on for some years, in the course of which period one of the parties as we have stated expired through mere want, in a common watch‐house, and the wretched survivor remains an inmate of our city, without a meal to sustain, or a roof to shelter her. ############################### eight and nine o'clock on Tuesday evening , the neighbourhood of Hatton- wall, London, was thrown into the utmost confusion and terror by a loud and terri@ﬁc explosion, which forced the glass from the windows, and created the most serious fears in the minds of the inhabitants. In a few seconds it was ascertained that the report proceeded from the interior of the Prince of Orange wine‐vaults, which in an instant was enveloped in utter darkness, and @ﬁlled with a dense smoke. As soon as lights could be procured, the interior of the bar presented a seene of indescribable confusion, Mrs. Deighton, the landlady , being in a state of insensibility from the force of the shock , the windows and blinds shivered in splinters, the @ﬂooring raised several inches, and covered with fragments of broken decanters, bottles, and glasses. At this moment a young man rus@hed up stairs from the cellar, in a state of partial su@ﬀoca- tion, and begged some person would hasten to the assistance of the landlord of whose fate he was quite ignorant. Two or three individuals cautiously descended, and after some search found Mr. Deighton extended on the ground, which had been forced up around him, apparently lifeless. He was instantly taken up stairs, and medical assistance procured, and in a few seconds symptoms of returning animation be- came visible, he having fortunately received only a contusion in the forehead and a lacerated nose. His account of this extraordinary transaction is, that having some business in the ale cellar, he went down, accompanied by a friend the person who gave the alarm , and was examining an ale cask, when suddenly he felt the ground shake beneath his feet, and in an instant he was thrown across the cellar, and with the violence of the shock became deprived of all sense. His companion was twice knocked down in endeavouring to escape by the stairs, and has completely lost his hearing on one side. A person who was at the bar at the moment, received so severe a shock, that he still lies dangerously ill three clocks in the house were also instantly stopped by the violence of the concussion and a @ﬁre grate at some distance was forced from its setting. On examining the cellar, the ground was ascer- tained to have been force@d up several feet, full butts were forced from their stations, a portion of the wall thrown down, and a most foetid vapour pervaded the whole cellar but no immediate reason could be assigned for the accident, which was fortunately attended with no fatal consequences. The premises were on Monday inspected by the superintendent of the City Gas Works in Dorset‐street, Salisbury‐square, and in his opinion the accident could not have been caused by the gas of which there was no appearance of escape, and which acted as usual on being re‐lighted. On t@he other hand, the cellar was in constant use, therefore no reason can exist for supposing it to have arisen from the evaporation of pent up vapours. A lighted candle had also been in the cellar nearly the whole of the afternoon. The shock was felt at a considerable distance. ##################### interesting discovery was made last week, by Edmund Tyrell Artis, F.S.A. F.G.S. of a Ro- man villa in the neighbourhood of Helpstone between Stamford and Peterborough , on a spot where even an anti- quarian would not have anticipated any t@hing of the kind. POLICE, EXTRAORDINARY. On Tuesday week, Frederick Robinson was brought before the sitting Magistrates at Bow‐street, to answer to a charge of quitting his master's service without giving him due warning. It ap@peared in evidence, that Robinson had, some months ago en- gaged himself to drive the Sovereign stage‐coach, but @ﬁnding himself unable to manage the horses, and being also apprehensive of the issue of several complaints lodged against him at the next quarter sessions, for careless and ######### driving he, the said Robinson did last Thursday se'nniglit, just as the Sovereign w@as to leave London, quit the service of his master, and set o@ﬀ to some relations he has in Bedfordshire since which time, every e@ﬀort has been made to get him back to his work without success. The following examination will best explain the nature of the case Magistrate Well, Robinson. What have you to say to all this ? Robinson Please your Worship, I'll tell you the whole truth. I took the place because I likes to @be doing, and thought I could do very well but never having been used afore to work with leaders, vy the ##### got the better o' me, and so I thought it best to be o@ﬀ, before any serious damage happened. Magistrate@@@ Have you been long in your master's service ? Robinson Yes, Sir, many years and in his Honour's@ father's service too. Magistrate And did you never try to drive before ? Robinson No, your Worship. I vas @ﬁrst of all book‐keeper, and then I had to pay the men in the yard, and look after the corn bills, and all that and afterwards master set me up in the Checguers, and a prosperous time I had o'nt there. Magistrate And then you tried to better yourself? Robinson Yes, Sur, that was it I thought driving would be good for my health, of which I am particularly careful at all times. Magistrate Pray now, Robinson, speaking of health, didn't your dispute with your master arise about some allowance of spirits in bad weather. Robinson Why, I believe, I did say, your Worship, that I thought he ought to make me an allowance of Hollands. Magistrate I thought you said you were careful of your health, and I am sure that w@ould do you no good was that all you haggled about ? Robinson I can't say as how it was, your Worship we don't somehow, live comfortable in the yars, and I'm all for a quiet life and I know'd about Christmas time, the coach would be loaded with turkey baskets, and I did'nt like such a cargo and so I said to Sly- boots-Magistrate Who is Sly‐boots ? Robinson His name is George, only we calls him Sly‐boots, for shortness. Magistrate What other name has he ? Robinson @@@Tierney, your Worship and he and one Petty , which is a new sarvant, is always a quarrelling, and if Tierney speaks sharp to Petty , saving your Worship's presence, @he swears he'll take the broom to him and its not pleasant, by no means, living in that ere state of fantigue. Magistrate Has Petty been long in the yard ? Robinson Master hired him to stay at home and take care of the o@@ﬃce when I took to driving he has been in sarvice afore, but they don't trust him to drive now, because when he did drive, he ris all the fares nearly double what they vas ven he @ﬁrst come to us. Magistrate Are you aware that your master has been put to con- siderable inconvenience by your absenting yourself? Robinson I am sure I'm werey sorry to illconvenience any gem- man, your Worship but its better for me to go afore any wery bad accident happens I did recommend him a steady chap to take my place, and master sent for him, and o@ﬀered to set him up in the Star and Garter, as well as let him drive, but @he would not handle the rib- bands, and so it all blowed over. Magistrate Why did you recommend that person without know- ing w@hether he would take the place ? Robinson I knew he had always been an uncommon good Rider, your Worship, so I thought he might like to drive but truth is, the team master has got don't draw well together, and so I told him. Magistrate Don't you think, Robinson, you had better go back to your place ? Robinson Just as your Worship pleases one of my fellow‐sarvants did go back after quitting. Magistrate Who is he? Robinson Old Nick, please your Worship, who drives the Bexley Van. Magistrate Do you know @Ben Tinck ? Robinson I do, Sir a Dutch lad he be now in sarvice abroad. Magistrate D'ye think he would do for a coachman ? Robinson He may, your Worship, for all I know some of @his family did drive once, but whether it were his father or @his mother, I can't rightly recollect. Magistrate That is, you don't recollect w@hether it was a mail coachwoman, or a female coachman ? Robinson He, he, he-he, he. Magistrate Do you know@ Ward ? Robinson Which Ward, your Worship ? Magistrate Jack Ward. Robinson @@@Oh, the Dudley boy ? Yes, your Worship, and a s@harp clever lad he be. Magistrate Would he do to drive ? @@Robinson I rather thinks as @how he would'nt, your Worship he did belong to the Opposition, but when t@hat concarn failed, @he co@med over to the Crown to master. I believe he has given warning, your Worship. His father has left him a lump of money, and he don't understand out of doors work much, and I believe he is a going as fast as he can. Magistrate Well now, Robinson, I have been consulting with Sir Richard here we don't wish to be hard upon you will you go back to you place till your master is suited ? Robinson I've no objection whatsumever, provided always, your Worship, that I am let to go before the sessions, w@hich begins the 22d of next month. Magistrate Why, you are not afraid or ashamed of anything you have done, Robinson ? Robinson@@ Both, and please your Worship I never meant wrong but things have all gone wrong, and the sooner I get to rest, the better pleased I shall be. Magistrate But, if your master should not get a servant he can trust ? Robinson Why then, Sir, master must get a coach as will go by steam it would be the making of 'Squire Lambton, your Worship and as for hot water, the Opposition will keep 'um in that. Magistrate Robinson, you are a wag. Robinson Your Worship is the @ﬁrst gemman as ever was pleased to say so. Magistrate Well, will you go back for the present ? Robinson Why, Sir, it's of no use, for I can't neither drive nor lead without@ fear of accident but if you pleases to speak to master, I have no objection to stay over Christmas with him but I won't go and be badgered up at the sessions. Magistrate Go your way then, Robinson, and we'll see what can be done for you. Robinson Good morning, your Worship, and thank you. Robinson left the o@@ﬃce, and we believe has arranged to remain in his present place, for a few days, till his master is suited.-John Bull. ################################################ of Requests, Greenwich.-This was a proceeding before the Commissioners of the Court of Conscience, in which the plainti@ﬀ, the Rev. J. J. G. Fischer the founder of the Quicksilver Institute at Greenwich, sought to recover from Ash Abrahams, Esq. the Treasurer to the Establishment, the sum of £1 0s. 5d. for quicksilver supplied by him, and consumed by the gentlemen forming the Committee of the Insti- tute. The plainti@ﬀ stated, that he was the founder of a new Society , which @was called the Quicksilver Institute, planned on the prin- ciples of the British and Foreign Bible Society. On the 7@th Sept. last @he met several respectable gentleman of Greenwich at the Greyho@nnd Inn, who o@ﬀered to join and assist him in @his Quicksilver Medical plan, and formed themselves instantly into a regular society, called the Quicksilver Institute,@@ and a Chairman, Deputy, Secretary, and @his Deputy, were chosen, and the Committee resolved that from 50 to 100 lbs. weight be bought, chosen, and proved to be genuine by him, to distribute gratis to whoever should like to take it, and particularly for the members of the Institute, and to make su@@ﬃcient experiments and experience of what was said and printed of this mineral, the innume- rable virtues it possessed, and its @ﬁtness to be introduced all over the world. It was also arranged t@hat the Institute should take a house for a dispensary. In consequence of this, he ordered successively @ﬁve pounds weight of quicksilver for the use of the Society, and the bill was sent in to the Quicksilver Institute, and was the Society's pro- perty. On the 21st of September he found it necessary to dissolve the Institute, owing to the misconduct of its members. Since the breaking up of the Institution, he had been applied to by the chemist of whom he had purchased t@he quicksilver for payment, but he re- fuse@d, on the ground that it had been bought for the use of the Insti- tute and by its order, and therefore ought to be paid for out of the funds of t@he society by Mr. Ash Abrahams, the Honorary Secretary. Five pounds weight of quicksilver was used altogether, by Mr. Ash Abrahams, Mr. Monk, Mr. Cole, and Mr. Ben. Smith, all of whom swallowed a part of the mercury. Mr. Ash Abrahams, in answer to the complaint, said that he was in the habit of going to the Greyhound tavern to spend the evening with some friends, and Mr. Fischer for several nights bothered them about his discovery in quicksilver, and @he frequently brought @so@me with him, and prevailed upon several gentlemen to swallow some, and he amongst the rest took a piece the size of a pea, for which he paid him six pence, as also did others. It was true they did talk of forming a Society, and he was appointed Honorary Secretary, but he assured the Commissioners that it was all a joke from beginning to end. Mr. Fischer, said t@he quicksilver was always ta@ken at the society, and one night in particular Mr. B. Smith brought in the statue of Mercury, and placed it upon the table, saying he should make it a present to t@he Society, until they had accumulated funds su@@ﬃcient to have a marble one made. The Gentlemen then all drank some quicksilver to the health of Mercury, and t@he bottle was returned to me full of @ﬁlthy water, and they then broke up the meeting, and refused to pay me for the quicksilver they had con- sumed. Mr. Parker, the Solicitor to the Commissioner@, said, Mr. Abrahams, you say you took a portion of the quicksilver, pray may I ask w@hat e@ﬀect it had upon you ? Mr.@ Abrah@ams-Oh, wonderful Sir, I had a crick in the neck for some time, and it removed it imme- diately. Mr. Ben. Smith deposed, that Mr. Fischer had for a long time annoyed them about this universal medicine, and assured them it was even good for horses. Some person in the Court called out yes, and for asses too. A loud laugh. Mr. Smith continued-It had been only a piece of fun from t@he commencement, and whatever had been taken, Mr. Fischer had been handsomely paid for. He must have been aware that it was a burlesque. Mr. Fischer, with great warmth, said he had no idea of @such a thing Mr. Knox, another of the mem- ber@, was now called. Mr. Fisc@her-Mr. Knox is not a @ﬁt man for a witness, because he is o@ne of the party , and he told me I did not know the Greek Alphabet. Incessant laughter Mr. Knox stated that the whole w@as a complete joke from beginning to end, and he told Mr. Fischer so. T@he plainti@ﬀ was then nonsuited. ################################### From Snatches of Oblivion. - At length t@he day, ' big with t@he f@ate of my future fame or obscurity, was ushered in. T@he church clock at length chimed six, the hour at which I should have entered the theatre a a condemned malefactor could not have listened with more mute horror to his death‐knell than that which pervaded me at t@he moment. My@@ high@‐ﬂown expectations at once deserted me, and I would have given up all the little I had ' in possession or expectancy' of the world's goods to have freed myself from the trial I was about to undergo.-Throwing myself, how@ever, into a hackney‐coach, which was waiting at the door, I ordered the driver to carry me to the theatre. It seemed scarcely a moment since I quitted my own dark little chamber. before I found myself transported into a brilliantly‐lighted dressing room, which had @been prepared expressly for my reception. Mirrors from the ceiling to the @ﬂoor, perfumed wax emitting a brilliant and @ﬂattering light, representing a fairy scene to my bewildered eyes, w@hile the half dozen attendants, who were employed in decorating my @person, seemed like so many silent spirits to assist the delusion.-When the operation of dressing was concluded, I entered the green- room, and endeavoured to throw an air of carelessness over my manners, which the most inexperienced could have detected was assumed. 'Twas a vain attempt-I was the object of attention of every person present-every eye was directed to me. Equally vain were my endeavours to converse familiarly with my friends, they all seemed trying to give me encouragement, of which I must have palp- ably stood in need. The business of t@he stage commenced, performer after performer quitted the room-how I envied the perfect nonchalance with which they received the call, and how I trembled at the very expectation of hearing my own name uttered, which I knew a very few minutes would accomplish. I repeated @ﬁfty times to myself the @ﬁrst words. I impressed on my mind t@he peculiar emphasis and gesture I should make use of, till the call‐boy gave the notice that ' my moment was come.' I was conducted to the side‐scenes by my friends, one of whom slapped me on the shoulder. I needed some- thing to rouse me, every spark of self‐possession had ####### suddenly @making a desperate e@ﬀort, I rushed forward, but suddenly drew back, as if I was entering the portal of an enchanted palace ' foolish,@ ex- claimed some voice, not ' loud, but deep ' it w@@@as my friend the manager, who immediately pushed me, as it were, on the stage.-Before I was well aware of my situation, I was fairly in the front of the house, the solitary unit, for I know@ not how many thousand pair of eyes to gaze at. What was my horror at that moment ! ### audible buzz went through the house, and an awful stillness suc- ceeded. Oh ! awful to me beyond language ! The glare of light prevented me from looking up and when I did, I saw my brethren on the stage eyeing me with most inquisitive vigilance how poor at that moment appeared to me the fame, the riches of the world, in comparison with their self possession and consummate coolness. A @ﬁlm seemed to @ﬂoat before my eyes-I felt as if I was reeling an hysterical a@ﬀection swelled my throat, not a word could I utter. My pitiable situation at once aroused the feelings of a genuine English audience they saw the emotions under which I was labouring, the stillness was broken, and an animating round of applause @ﬁlled the house. In the midst of this tumult I felt the energy of @my mind return. Lifting my eyes from the boards, to which they had been till then rivetted, I looked around, and seeing none but encouraging faces, the spirit of hope entered my veins-every faculty was sharpened -and when the applause had subsided, I delivered the few lines I had to repeat w@ith as much e@ﬀect as I did the day preceding before a looking‐glass. I was not long left in doubt of the nature of my re- ception. As the performance proceeded, the house was occasionally shaken with acclamations. The stage, which seemed at @ﬁrst to me the @ﬁeld of alarm and dismay, now was the arena of triumph, and I trod it with the feelings of a victorious hero. My death‐scene was the proudest hour of my life, for it was there that the general enthu- siasm discovered itself, and I was carried from the stage thoroughly intoxicated with my complete success. Yet still the cup of my hap- piness was to be crowned with a more sparkling brim. After the play a general call resounded for my appearance. I entered again on the stage but how di@ﬀerent were my feelings ! The audience rose-the house reverberated with applause-hats and handkerchiefs were waved, and my name sent up, as it were, by a thousand voices to the skies. The play was given out, and I rushed from the stage revelling in all the delirium of a highly‐excited imagination. ###################################### Rich was employed in planning a pantomime, his atelier, a small room in the theatre, was almost as much frequented as Canova's or Thorw@aldsen's in our days. Every one seemed to be anxious to see him at his interesting labours. Amongst these were several men of rank and wit for Rich's colloquial oddities were much relished. The celebrated Lord Peter- borough, then somew@hat advanced in years, Hogarth, Sir James Thornhill, c. c. were of the number. At these visits he never in- termitted his labours, nor his strain of facetious remark. Upon one occasion, accident having detained the Earl's coach later than usual, he found Rich's chit‐chat so agreeable, that he was quite unconscious that it was two in the afternoon when he observed the man of @pan- tomime spreading a cloth, then coaxing his @ﬁre into a clear culinary @ﬂame, and proceeding with gravity to cook his own beef‐steak on his own gridiron. The steak sent up a most inviting incense, and my Lord could not resist Rich's invitation to partake of it. A further supply was sent for and a bottle or two of wine from a neighbouring tavern, prolonged their discourse to a late hour. But so delighted was the old peer with his entertainment, that, on going away, he proposed renewing it at the same place and hour on t@he Saturday following. He was punctual to @his engagement, and brought with with him three or four friends, men of wit and pleasure about town,@@ as Mr. Bayes would call them and so truly festive was the meeting, t@hat@ it was proposed that a Saturday's club should be held there, whilst the town remained full. A sumptuary law, even at this early period of the society, restricted the bill of fare to beef‐steaks, and the beverage to port wine and punch. Thus the corner‐stone of the Sub- lime Society was laid.-The Clubs of London. CHRISTMAS THEATRICALS. DR@URY‐LANE.-On Wednesday, the new pantomime made its appearance under the title of Harlequin and Cock Robin, or the Babes in the @Wood.-It was an excellent burlesque upon that popular story, and it was the occa- sion of a good deal of laughter. The two babes doated on by their parents were such bandy‐legged disagreeable urchins, that it really was quite asto- nishing how the cock‐robins could trouble themselves to cover them with leaves, unless to get rid of so unpleasant a sight in the wood as their dis- torted dead bodies. The performances of the gigantic birds who discharged this pious o@@ﬃce were also very ridiculous, and they hopped about the stage to the in@ﬁnite delight of the younger part of the audience. The undertakers of the murder were a butcher and a carpenter, who had been bribed by the wicked uncle. It should be noticed some fearful supernatural agency is employed for the instigation of the murder, in which the genii of Gloom and Destruction @ﬁgure very prominently. The transformations take place in the sixth scene, the Elysium of Innocence when Sir Roland, the cruel uncle Mr. Barnes , is changed into Pantaloon the butcher Mr. Southby and a female innkeeper Mr. Uusher , into Clowns Walter, the carpenter @@Mr. Howell , into Harlequin and Deborah Rose, an innke@eper's daughter, into Columbine. Here, in fact, the pantomime commences-the @ﬁrst part or introduction being a sort of ludicrous drama. Some of Stan@ﬁeld's views are beautifully painted and we may notice, especially, Portsmouth wit@h shipping in a gale, and Old London Bridge, in 15@99-very di@ﬀerent subjects. but executed in a style of art peculiarly his own. The more gorgeous and ingenious scenes by Marinari and Andrews, in their wav, were also of the best description. Some good‐humoured satire and touches at the times are introduced in the course of the performance, which met with general appro- bation. Two jokes of this kind were highly relished by the audience in one of them a poor Italian image‐bearer is introduced with a naked Cupid he is discovered, and denounced by certain members of the society for the suppression of vice, but he contrives to satisfy their moral scruples by cheating an old Jew clothesman so far out of nature out of an old pair of breeches and a waistcoat with which he clothes the truant of Venus. -The other is a well‐merited ridicule of the present fashions among ladies of wearing bonnets of a most preposterous and unbecoming size, and among men of wearing enormous whiskers and smoking cigars. Some of the tricks and changes were rapid and surprising, even to those who all their lives have been pantomime hunters. ################### fable, if we may so call it, of the new pantomime at this house, is founded on the @ﬁrst of the seven legends of Number Nip. We cannot venture to rank this pantomime among the best of its genus, although we have certainly seen worse. For the success it met with it is principally indebted to Parsloe, whose agility and contortions rendered him a most e@@ﬃcient representative of a goblin who is a very Proteus in his way. In the zoological garden by far the most amusing scene of the piece the animals escape, and here, in the shape of a runaway monkey, @he appears to great advantage. A most magni@ﬁcent peacock, on a grand scale, and a cameleopard, also gave great satisfaction on this occasion. @The moving panorama is a beautiful thing of its kind, and the con@ﬂict, we are happy to say, was well carried on by means of kettle‐drums vice gunpowder. The tricks are few in number, nor have they any claim to originality most of them, indeed, such as the bear's grease producing extempore moustachios, the skaiting, Harlequin's coach, steam‐boat, @@c. are very old acquaintances. It boasts, however, some very pretty scene@s, especially the early ones, though that of London from the new Coliseum, on which the artist seems to have particularly calculated, is a failure. @The applauses, comparatively faint during the progress, were general at the conclusion of the piece. LONDON POLICE. ################# Monday week, a young woman, of very interesting appearance, applied to Alderman Farebrother, who sat for the Lord Mayor, under the following circumstances -She had been, she said, a@bout ten years ago, when she was no more than @16 years of age, prevailed upon @by her mother, who was fascinated by the Methodists, to marry a minister from amongst them, although a gentleman, who is high in the law in the Welsh districts, had been paying his addresses to her at the time. After three years of great unhappiness, her husband abandoned her, and her mother, who, notwithstanding the misconduct of the minister, lost none of her attachment to the sect of which he pretended to be the ornament, married one of the persons who are we believe she said called Ranters, and soon found ### his religion had been put on to enable him to deceive with the more dexterity. Her mother did not long survive the marriage, and then the cloven foot immediately ap@peared to the unfortunate appli- cant and her sisters for their step‐fat@her contrived to get hold of every farthing of property to which they were entitled, amounting to several hundreds each, and refused to give them the slightest assistance or relief.-Under these melancholy circumstances, the young woman came to London, and succeeded in procuring a situation as ladies' maid, in the neighbourhood of Brunswick‐square, where she resided two years. Her former lover, however, found out the place of her abode, and persecuted her until he prevailed upon her to leave her honest employment and live with him as @his wife. For the space of two years she was his constant companion, some- times residing with him at the Temple, and sometimes at Brighton. At length he also abandoned her and, left desolate, without father, mother, money, or friends, she had no means of saving herself from starvation ex- cept that to which she submitted in her extremity-prostitution. She had frequently written to the gentleman who had seduced her from the life of industry which she had chosen, but in vain @he never took notice of her misery. He had been but very lately married, and she would not, on any account, disturb the happiness of the family to which he was united@. She would, however, disclose his name, and other particulars relating to him, to the superintendent of the Magdalen Asylum, or of the Female ########################################### an introduction from the worthy magistrate whom she addressed. Her condition was wretched in was driven by the most desperate necessity into habits w@hich she detested, and all she asked for was an opportunity and a place ################ unfortunate female said, in conclusion, that u@pon ######################################### to stand or fa@ll. There w@as nothing connected with her deplorable fortune which she would not detail to the principal of any charitable establishment where, by honest ################ be enabled to pass her days away from the horrors to which she @had been exposed. The applicant's countenance is full of care, and @she has many of the symptoms of consumption about her but a little humanity may do a great deal. She was supplied with adequate means of support by the direction of the alderman, until the intentions of the governors of the Female @Penitentiary shall have been made ######################################