[OCR_toInput] Ibe Re-opened riCE. ...... ... -Inf, Hull, 1NG, Loser may j her, and pay-fic Hull Packet Dec. 1827. s of the New e the opening Inner, at the l inuary, 1828, friends to the requested to Iwards, or the ►Stewards. hanks to the frequenting ■ time he begs in ttie Centre lie despatch of llcveo o'clock iUtrrnoon. on y accomm have iMlies would I obey the iu-lostilities till Iwn. Unless try reason to Itizans of his Kir mediation infatuation, what insanity, could induce Fabvier or Cochrane to place themselves in hostile collision with the European powers This is inconceivable. The most deplorable part of the affair is, that, although decisive evidence will be thus afforded to the Sultan of the impartiality of the negotiating powers, and of their determination to enforce the armistice on all hands, the destruction of the Greek naval force, is an occurrence so consonant to his wishes as to tend inevitably to inspire fresh hopes of the ultimate subjugation of Greece. The writer of one of the paragraphs communicating the intelligence, seems to believe that this event will oblige the Sultan to accept the intervention. We regret to say we see the affair in a very different light, and cannot but consider it as a most afflicting piece of news, view it in what shape we will. The following extracts from the Gazette de France of Friday last, contain all that is at present known upon this important subject -Vienna, Dec. 18- Letters from Trieste announce that Admiral do Rigny has burnt, before Scio, the Greek fleet, which had refused to obey the in junction of the 24th Oct. Trieste, Dec. 16.-Admiral de Rigny burnt the Greek fleet at Scio, after having summoned Fabvier to suspend hostilities. This news, which has caused the greatest sensation, is official. Our Governor has lent a courier to Vienna. Vienna, Dec. 19.-News of the disaster of the Greek fleet, burnt by Ad. iniral Rigny, has arrived here. It is expected that this affair will force, forcera , the Sultan to accept the intervention. The Vienna article of the 18th also states that letters from Odessa of fhe 7fh, mention that accounts have been received from Constantinople that the Ambassadors had actually em barked on the 1st ultimo. The Augsburg Gazette, however, states on the authority of news from the same place, that the Ambassadors were only preparing to embark on the 1st. It is certainly possible that both accounts may be correct, as the latter accounts may have been written at an earlier hour of the same day, and it may actually prove that the Ambas sadors took their departure on the afternoon of that day.-We must therefore wait for further arrivals from Constanti nople, before we entirely conclude that the die is cast. Letters from Malta, dated 1st ult. state that Admiral Cod-RINGTON was making active preparations to put down the Greek pirates. Sir Thos. Staines, in the Isis, and a squadron were ordered on that service. Letters received on Friday from St. Petersburgh, dated 10th ult. state that the late victory over the Persians, by the Russians, has led to a preliminary treaty of peace. The Rus sians are to retain all the country to the north of the Araxes' and a small portion to the southward, and all the expenses Of the war are to be borne by the Persians. This account is confirmed by the French Papers. The building adjoining the Shambles at the end of Queen-street, intended for the new Corn Market, will be opened this day for public business. It possesses, we understand, every requisite for the purposes to which it is appropriated, in point of convenience. Thirty boxes are fitted up, to be let at a certain sum per annum, wherein samples can be exhibited, and other business transacted. The subscribers and friends to the institution celebrate the opening of the building by a dinner at the Kingston Hotel this day. Hull Winter Assemblies.-The second Ball this season took place last evening at the Assembly Rooms, in North-street. The company consisted of upwards of 130 individuals, comprising a large proportion of the wealth, beauty, and fashion of this district of our extensive and populous county. Dancing was kept up with spirit till half-past three in the morning, when the party separated, anticipating a renewal of the pleasures of the sprightly scene, at the next merry meeting. Miss Bradbury.-It will be seen, by an advertisement in another column, that this young lady's Concert takes place tomorrow evening. The selection comprises some very beautiful compositions, and altogether the performance promises to be of a highly popular character. We feel convinced that Miss B. will not fail, on this occasion, to receive the support to which her talents and laudable anxiety to please at all times, so amply entitle her. Mr. Calvert, of the Hull Theatre, we observe, has notified bis inteniion of delivering a course of Lectures on Elocution, at the Exchange Room, to commence on the 12th instant. The Literary and Philosophical Society have evinced the estimation in which they hold the talent of Mr. C. by giving their sanction to the undertaking i w feel assured, under these circumstances, that the success of this gentleman, upon the occasion in question, will be fully adequate to the opinion so generally entertained of his ability. Miss Foote.-We very much regret that the friends of the above lady, whose talents we admire, should think it neces sary to propagate the most absurd and fulsome puff's in her praise. Such conduct is unwise, as well as unjust to the public, and can be of no service to Miss F. Our attention has been called to this subject by observing a long article in two London papers, dated from this town, and quoted at the bottom Hull Paper, full of the most contemptible false hoods, not one word of which ever appeared in any paper published here. The article commences by telling the reader that in the olden time these are the very words used , the taste for theatricals was at a very low ebb in Hull, but that Miss Foote and Mr. Downe had contrived to infuse a new and better feeling! This is merely ridiculous but the next statement, unless the offspring of the grossest ignorance, is a wilful lie it says, on her last year's visit Miss F. received 300 guineas for six nights, besides having the grati fication of placing a large sum at the disposal of the treasury. Miss F. as most of our readers know, was never engaged in Hull until the present season, and therefore could neither receive 300 guineas on her last year's visit, nor aid the trea sury by leaving any sum at its disposal! The paragraph then states that Miss F. played Juliet and Maria Darlington four nights', that every box was taken for four nights ! and that she sung Buy a broom three times i. e. had a double encore on each nightof her performance! False, every word! We repeat, that such impudent trash as the above can be of no service to Miss Foote, and it would be prudent in that lady to suggest to her friends, how little necessity there can be for them to push their zeal to such unjustifiable lengths. On Wednesday last, a boy named Thomas Brown, was pushing a boat off from the vessel on which he was standing in the Old Harbour, when he unfortunately lost his balance and fell into the water, between the vessel and the boat, and was drowned. The body was not found till Saturday, and an inquest was held over it the same day, before George Coulson, Esq. coroner, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. The deceased was about eleven years old. Yesterday, at the MansioD-House, Mr. S. Alcock was con victed in treble costs, for levying a distress to the amount of 12s. fid. and charging costs thereon 6s. fid., being Is. more than the rate fixed by Act of Parliament. '.... A young gentleman, whose parents reside in this neighbour hood, was lately paying them a visit. Being a pupil of Christ's Hospital, at Hertford, he had come home arrayed in the ugly and outlandish costume worn by the boys of that establishment, and while here, frequently took his walks in tfle same garments. In one of these rambles, he was discovered by two countrymen who had never seen anything so strange before. Hi long blue-gown, leathern-girdle, yellow stockings, indispensablesnf theswne extraordinary complexion, and want of a hat partly convinced them that he was tome unfortunate maniac who had escaped from the Hull Refuge. They deter mined therefore to interrogate him, and should his language correspond with the strangeness of his appearance, they agreed to take him into custody. With this intention they went up to the object of their solicitude, and one of them asked who he was. The lad, having a mind to astonish the natives, answered in Latin, puer sum. P°o f am, indeed! said one of the rustics, we are very sorry for you, but must see you properly looked after. His answer had confirmed their suspicions, and they forthwith very uncere moniously dragged him to the nearest village, where the party was met bv one of the youth's friends, and he was fortunately rescued from the nervous grasp of his self-con stituted guardians. , . . . An ox of extraordinary weight and beauty was slaughtered at Market Weighton, on the 22dof December, by Mr. Robert Tindale He was bought of Mr. James Bradley, of Etton, had been drawn and fed by Lord Faversham, and was of his Lordship's short horned breed. He was six years old, and it is only eighteen months since he worked in the team, lie walked fifty miles as nimble as though he had not been fatted, and was thought to be the handsomest ox ever slaughtered. WeightFore quarter, 72 stone 31b. hind quarter, 51 t. 51b. loose fet, 20st. hide, 8st. 101b. -152 st. 41b. 141b. to the stone. . _ . It is intended to apply to Parliament for power to make a canal from the river Don, at Bailey, near Doncaster, through the townships'of Cantley, Awkley, and Finmngly, to join the Bicker Dike, which empties itself into the Trent, at Stotk-with, about four miles below Gainsbro'. . The Marquess and Marchioness of Wellesley arrived at Holyhead on Saturday week, from Dublin. Charles Mathews was to commence his engagement at Drury-lane theatre last night, in his character of liuskin in Killing no Murder. Encroachment of the Sea,-a constant encroachment of the sea is visible on the cliff bAween Bridlington and Barm ston, estimated at about six feet per annum. This regularly progressive destruction has, however, been carried so far be yond Us customary line, within the last six weeks, as to cause rather an extraordinary sensation in those best acquainted W .l! 1 P ™° me , na of a similar kind. In some places 15 feet, in others 20, and even 30 feet from the cliff, the carriage road along tins part of the country has passed away within the last month and, for nearly half a mile, this road has lately rolled do wn into the sea, to be deposited nobody knows where, lhe contiguous land, lately supported by the cliff, is now to be seen, much loosened by the loss of its wall, and in a dis located state for many yards from the cliff-top whether these broken portions arc destined to fall quickly, or to remain another year, is a question of little consequence they must soon be mingled in confusion. The appearance, at pre sent, is as that occasioned by an earthquake. A temporary road is made between the undisturbed points and a new road is in a forward state of preparation. Much damage has of late been done all along the eastern coast of Suffolk from Aldborough to Lowestoffe, in conse quence of an unusually high tide, accompanied by a violent gale of wind. At Easton farm, full four acres of land, the property of Sir T. Gooch, Bart, and apart of it with agrowing crop of turnips, were carried into the sea. So violent have been the attacks of the watery element on this spot, that during the occupation of the present tenant more than forty acres have been taken away by the same means. The inhabit ants of the little town of Soutliwold, situated on the coast about a mile to the south-west from Easton Cliff for many years past the summer resort of much company were at the same time thrown into great consternation and alarm. The sea rolling tremendously against the Gun-hill-the favourite walk and most fashionable part of the town-a great part of it was washed away, and so undermined that large masses of the hill fell down. A public walk, called the Ladies' Walk is entirely destroyed and serious apprehensions are enter tained for the safety of many valuable houses near the sea, should there be a recurrence of a similar visitation.-Suffolk Herald. On Friday last, Mr. W. Thompson, of Driffield, was robbed of notes to the amount of £12, in the passage of the Fleece Inn, in the Market-Place. A woman named Mary Price was apprehended a few hours aftet, by Taylor, one of our police, and was fully committed on the following day, to take her trial for the offence at the approaching Sessions, Most of the money was found in her possession. The Annual Meeting of the Members of the Lyceum, was held at their room in Parliament-street, on Monday evening, Mr. Henwood, the President, in the chair who introduced the business of the evening by referring to the increasing prosperity of the institution. The whole debt, now amount ing to only £30, could be discharged at any time the society thought proper to pay off the remaining shares a much greater number of books had been admitted during the past year, than in any former one since the institution commenced As twenty-one years have elapsed since the first establish ment of the society, it was proposed by John Crosse, Esq that the members should dine together at an early oppor tunity, to commemorate the event, which was cordially agreed to. The following gentlemen were elected to serve upon the Committee for the ensuing year -Mr. James Henwood, Mr. George Locking, John Crosse, Esq. F.S.A. Mr. John Exley, Rev, James Colquhoun, Rev. William Wilson, Dr. C. Alderson, Mr. Thomas Buchanan, C. M and Mr. Wm. Gardner. Those marked were re-elected The society at present consists of 257 members. Mr. William Richmond, the President of the Ship-owners' Society, North Shields, has this last week addressed a long letter to the Honourable H. T. Liddell, M. P. for Northumber land, upon the sufferings of British ship-owners. In some points those two gentlemen's opinions are at variance. On Thursday morning, an attempt was made to rob the horse-post from Thirsk to Boroughbridge, by two ruffians, one of whom seized the reins of the horse, and the other struck the rider so violent a blow as nearly to force him from the saddle. The villain who had seized the reins, however, lost his hold, and the rider escaped with the letter bags in safety ThetownofGreat Yarmouth, Norfolk,on Wednesday,Thurs day, and Friday in the week before last, was in a most extraordi nary state of excitation, from the discovery of the exhumation of several bodies from the church-yard of that parish, by a gang of resurrection men. It is supposed there have not been less than twenty bodies removed, as well ax many others from the neighbouring church-yards. Two of the resurrection men are in custody. We understand that, within a few days, accounts, if possible still more disheartening than before, as to the American affairs of Messrs. Jeremiah and William Thompson, ofRawden, have reached this country.-Leeds Intelligencer. The Weather -Such is the present unprecedented mild ness of the weather, that we are infonned gooseberries are at present forming upon some trees in this neighbourhood.-Daisies were gathered upon one of the highest hills in this vicinity on Wednesday.-Bradford Courier. An accident occurred on Wednesday evening during the irformance at Mr. Powell's Circus, m. -Rridge-street,- Br A-'ord. In consequence of the crowded state of the gallery, one of the supporters broke, and part ef the flooring gave way. Several females fainted from fear, but not the slightest injury was sustained by any of the audience. On Tuesday evening last, as Richard Parkinson, overlooker to Messrs. Richard Fawcett and Son, of Bradford, was return ing from Horton to Bradford, about seven o'clock, he was stopped at Clay ton-lane-end, near Manville House, by four men, who seized him and threw him down. After attempting to stop his mouth, they proceeded to rifle his pockets, but providentially they did not succeed in accomplishing their pei fm purpose. The final resolution is now taken by the parties interested in the intended navigable canal fromWakefieldtoFerrybridge, to apply to Parliament during the ensuing session, for an act t make and maintain such canal. Thestrugglein Parliament last session between the Aire and Calder Company and the Wakefield and Ferrybridge Company was most arduous, 130 members having voted for the new canal, and 135 against it, constituting a larger number of members than was ever before known to assemble in the House of Commons to vote on an inland navigation bill.-Bradford Courier. ' Wholesale Poaching-The poachers in this part of the country have now hit upon the expedient of congregating in great numbers, for the purpose of intimidating those who have the care of game pre-serves. A body of sixty or seventy men assembled in this way and went to Templenewsam, near this town, the seat of the Marchioness of Hertford, on tlie night of yesterday week, ten of whom were armed with guns, and the rest with sticks and bludgeons. The residents of the mansion, of course heard what was going on in the grounds, for the plunderers shot game within five yards of it, but the inmates per ceiving wliat vast numbers were assembled, and there being compa ratively few keepers and watchers at hand, they did not venture to offer any resistance. The poachers were therefore allowed to proceed in their depredations, and they brought away no small quantity of Christmas presents. Early in the morning of Thursday an express was sent off to Leeds for assistance, but the only civil power on duty were the watchmen, upwards of thirty of whom collected at six o'clock, the time at which they go off their rounds, and were despatched to Templenewsam by different routes. The poachers had, in all proba bility, left the grounds before tlieir arrival, or had retired in a different direction to that in which the watchmen approached, for the poachers and the watchmen never came in contact with each other, or it is probable the result might have been serious. We have not heard that any of the parly have been apprehended. Two poachers, being part of a gang from the neighbourhood of Dewsbury, were apprehended on the grounds of J. C. Brandling, Esq. of Middleton Lodge, near this town, on the night of Sunday week one of them had two pheasants in his possession, and the other w as lying upon a gun. On Tuesday they were taken before the West Riding magistrates, assembling at the office of Messrs. Smith and Hutchinson, in this town, when the man who was found lying on liis gun was dismissed, because it was not in his hand, and the other was fined £5.-Leeds Intelligencer. Several very bold attempts at robbery, independently of small pilferings, have occurred in Lincoln lately. On Friday night week, a noise was heard by oqe of the .neighbours as of persons moving about in the back yard of Messrs. Norton and Whitton, near the waterside, and in the morning it was found that a most persevering attack had been made on the count ing-house the door, a remarkably solid one, had resisted the efforts of the thieves, though much broken, and some of its bolts undone, yet owing to an ingenious patent lock no entry could be made. It is supposed that the thieves must have been occupied for an hour in these attempts, and that a chance light in a neighbouring tenement caused them to desist.-About nine o'clock on the same night, Mr. R. Hoyle, farmer, of Heighington, was struck a violent blow by some unseen person, near the National School, and being made insensible thereby, wasrobbedofabout£16, retaininghiswatchandabout £3. On Saturday night week, the warehouse lately belong ing to Mr. Cuttill, but now to Messrs. Hooker and Co., on Brayford Wharf, was broken into, and some leather stolen, of comparatively small value it is fortunate that the warehouse was almost empty had two vessels been unladen, which had arrived the same day, a rich booty would have been obtained. There is reason to suppose that the thieves in most of these instances are inhabitants, especially in the last-mentioned, as some time ago, a very powerful and ferocious dog, which had belongedto Mr. Cuttill, and had been long a safeguard to the premises, was poisoned. The Magistrates of Newcastle have forwarded a representa tion to the Duke of Northumberland, Lord Lieutenant of the county, that if the Newcastle Yeomanry Cavalry are dis banded, a larger military force will be requisite there. The Marquis of Cleveland has disbanded the South Tyne Hussars. The remainder of the Local and Provincial Intelligence will be found in the last page.J Suicide in Manchester.-On Monday morning the 17tb ult. a young man, a foreigner, Trapp by name, a native of Hamburgh, clerk in a German house in Manchester, put a period to his existence. He first took laudanum, then shot himself with a pistol,and lastly stabbed himself with a stiletto. THE THEATRE. On Wednesday evening, Miss Love, a lady who has obtained considerable celebrity in the metropolis, by her Bprightly and versatile talents as a comedian, as well as by her vocal abilities, made her first appearance at our Theatre, in pursuance of an engagement for five nights, entered into with Mr. Downe. The character selected for her debut Atrocious Murder . Bishops Wahham, Tier. 27.-We have the melancholy duty of adding the following to the list of barbarous murders which have of late been perpetrated in various parts of the country. On Saturday evening, about half past eleven, the body of a young man, named Harms-worth, was found on the road side between Titchfield and Fareham, in Hampshire, most barbarously mangled. Several Wives. She went through the part with a spirit and .vivacity of manner that produced a very striking impres sion upon the audience, and sang several songs in the most bewitching style that can be imagined, evincingatthesame time the precision and taste of a finished vocalist. Her voice is clear, powerful, and melodious, the lower tones particularly full and sweet, with a flexibility that enables her to execute passages of rapidity with case and certainty. Her mode of giving a run of consecutive toaps from the highest pitch of hor voice, terminating firmly on a note of extraordinary depth for a female, was much admired, and drew frequent plaudits from the house. Most of her songs were unanimously encored. I've been roaming, Why are you wandering, in the play, and the Light guitar in the afterpiece, were strikingly effective. Mr. Downe in Admiral Franklin, and Mr. Dodd in Billy Lackaday, played with their usual talent, and kept the audience in high good humour. Miss Davies in the part of Eugenia, exhibited much ability in the delicacy and pathos with which she made her appeal to the Admiral as the daughter of his old friend. The afterpiece, Giovanni in London, was extremely well got up, and Jfflorded Miss Love an opportunity of displaying her peculiar talents to M est advantage. As the hero of the piece, the rakish Don, she ajp? and spirit personified. Her every look, word, and motion. tocmu wfth sparkling vivacity. Indeed, we do not recollect to have seen on any ctage a lady who possesses the spirit and animation of Miss Love j certainly not one who, with a high cul tivation of the musical art, combines every requisite for a first-rate comic actress. Her Buy a broom in the character of a Bavarian peasant, was exquisite. This is a composition written expressly for her, and differing tolo ccclo from the songs with that title given by some of her contempo raries. She sings it with peculiaj and irresistible humour, and imitates the voice and manner of the itinerant vender to the very life. Miss L. ai -peared last week, as Young Meadows in Love in a Village, Maria in Of Age To-Morrow, Rosalind in As You Like It, and Paul in Paul and Virginia, and was in all these characters eminently successful. Last night she personated Zelinda in The Sttsoe, and Repeated the character of l on Giovanni, with increased applause. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. CHASE, Ac. The Holderness Fox Hounds, meet at Danthorpe, this day, JFan. 1 at Scorbro', on Thursday and at Beeford on Saturday-each day at eleven o'clock. SirTatton Sykes' Fox Hounds, meet at Bishop Wilton Beacon on Wed-Plantation on Frit nesdav, Jan. 2 and at Knapton.i ton o'clock. Lord Yarborough's Fox Hounds, Fridayeach morning at t on Wednesday, Jan. 2, at Melton Low Wood on Friday at Elkington Cow Pasture and on Saturday at Thornton College-each day at Eleven o'clock was that oFBma in the musical play of Sweethearts and 9tabs appeared in var ous parts 0 f the body, one of his ears was cut off, and the head nearly severed from the trunk.-The following particulars have transpired -The unfortunate young man was of the most sober and inoffensive habits, and worked as a journeyman bricklayer at Gosport. His master, owing to the scarcity of employment during the winter, had discharged all his workmen except the deceased. This pre ference, on the part of the master, had given rise to the most bitter animosity towards Harmsworth, in the breasts of his fellow-workmen. On Saturday evening, they vowed ven geance,and one ofthem.by name Sheppard, followed him from Gosport, towards his home near Titchfield, with oaths and imprecations. He entered a public-house on the road, and borrowed a knife for the purpose of eating provisions lie had with him, which knife was found lodged in the throat of the deceased, and has been identified by the landlord as the one furnished by him to Sheppard. His hands, when he was taken into custody, were found covered with tar but the surgeon discovered, beneath the finger nails, remains of blood and gore. His shirt-sleeves, also, had been just washed. The prisoner's agitation was excessive. The occurrence has occa sioned an extraordinary sensation in this part of Hampshire. -Morning paper. Horbible Depravity.-On the 12th ult. Margaret Parr, residing in Coilege-lane, near St. Helen's, was brought before two ofhis Majesty's justices of the peace, charged with having destroyed an infant, to whiifiishe had lately given birth.-Col. Williams, of Woolton, received information of the affair in an anonymous letter. She, for a long time, persisted in asserting her innocence but, when the evidence against her became too strong for further denial, she admitted the she had had a child, and had destroyed it by putting it on t • Though this hellish deed had been perpetrated a for. . it previous to her apprehension, the constable found, in the ash-hole, a part of the back and shin bones, which he afterwards produced in evidence before the court. The daemon of a mother was finally committed to Lancaster Castle, to take her trial. -Liverpool Mercury. Daring Outrage.-On Monday evening, some daring ruffian discharged a blunderbuss loaded with slugs, against a window of the drawing-room of Count Munster's house, at Putney Hill. The family, of course, were greatly alarmed the slugs broke eleven panes of glass, and lodged in the shutters, which were closed at the time. A gig or light cart was heard to drive off in a gallop after the shot but in con sequence of the confusion it caused was not pursued. A Child with Two Faces.-A most extraordinary caprice of nature occurred in this town Taunton on Sunday morn ing last, in the birth of a female child having two distinct and perfectly-formed faces. Elizabeth Verrier, the mother of the child, is the wife of a carpenter, residing in Hoi way-lane. She had, previously, seven healthy children, none of them exhibiting the least deviation from ordinary nature. In the present instance there was no prematurity of birth the child lived three quarters of an hour, and in the course of that period cried very audibly three times. Every component part of the faces is distinctly formed in each, and both of them present the pleasing countenances of two fine babes. At that part of one of the faces where the usual formation of the ear takes place, the additional face commences, with a slight un dulation towards the cheek of the second face, which then proceeds through all its regular features until it terminates at the left ear-so that the face on the right side has one ear, and the face on the left one also. The space on the back of the head is, from the encroachment of the faces, very limited but it is, as well as the upper part of the head, covered with hair. In all other respects the child is regularly formed.-Taunton Courier. Fire at York-House, Bath.-A little before three o'clock this morning, Tuesday a cry of fire from several voices aroused the neighbourhood of York-House. The fire first made its appearance from a window or aperture under the lofty gateway of York House yard. It is supposed to have originated in the upper room of Mr. Simpkins, saddler, who occupies the bouse fronting Broad-street, on the right hand side of the gateway. The strength of the flames from this aperture was evidently very powerful, as if the fire had been stifled for some time until it had gained a current which enabled it to burst forth with terrific fury. The proprietor of York House, Mr. Reilly, and his sons, were immediately aroused, and were with the utmost promptitude on the spot. The inmates of the bedchamberswere also quickly downstairs, with their luggage. The engines were shortly brought, and the various reservoirs of water n the neighbournooa were soon opened. The fire, however, increased until the whole of the immense pile of buildings including the shops of Mr. Simpkins, and Mr. Knight, broker, which are under the ball room were in one devouring blaze! Mr. Reilly's plate was all saved. We hear that the stock and furniture were in-7'0 MERCHANTS, ATTORNIES, OR OTHERS rffltVO OFFICES to LET Entrance in Churcb-l-uie, and I fronting the Market-Place, at present in the occupation of Messrs. Eglin and Saundkrson. For particulars inquire at No. 16, Market-Place. Hull, Dec. 24, 1827. • EAGLE LIFE ASSURANCE ASSOCIATION, 83, CORNIIILL, AMD 10, WATF.RLOO-PLACF, ESTABLISHED 1807. Distinct. Tables for Male and Female Life. T HE Directors have caused New Tables to be calculated, on which the relative values of the Lives of the two sexes are, at all ages, distinguished, in consequence ol this improvement. The Younger Male Lives are insured at premiums below the ordinary rates. The Female Lives at rates lower than any other Office. Lite Assurance may be effected for North and South America, for tlie East Indies, for any of the British C l ni or Garrisons, for a continual or an especial Maritime risk, fur the whole of Life, or for the duration of any Military, Civil, or Diplomatic Duty. Pour-fifths of the Profits are divided among the Assured, whether at Home or Abroad. HENRY P. SMITH, Actuary. Agent for HULL Mr. BRIGGS GAUL1LL. BETTING AT TATTERS ALL'S, THURSDAY. Mr. Thornhill's Merchant, and Sir T. Mostyn's Ultimatum, increased the St. Lcger field, to-day, and were backed to a considerable amount.-Johanna Southcote not yet named for it was also backed. The north country nomination for the St. Leger is not yet very great. The odds closed thus -Derby.-7 to 1 agst Merchant Oto 1 agst The Colonel 11 to 1 agst Sorcery colt 15 to 1 agst Druid 20 to 1 agst Shoveler colt 22 to 1 agst Folly colt 22 to 1 agst Amy colt j 22 to agst Johanna Southcote colt 21 to 1 agst. Mariner 25 to 1 agst each of Lord Grosvcnor's 25 to 1 agst Omen 25 to 1 agst any other, j 500 to 400 Johanna_Southcote agst Amy, taken . St. Leger.-The only horses backed were-25 to 1 agst Merchant taken . 30 to .1 agst Ultimatum, taken . 50 to 1 agst Stapleton taken . 50 to 1 agst Johanna Southcote colt taken . I.ord Lowther's Derby colt, Punster, is dead. Mr. Payne's Derby colt by Srnoiensko, out of Lady Ern, is gone to Van Dieman's Land. Sir Bellingham Graham and Mr. Best, members of the Malton Coursing Society, have purchased, of Mr. Hassall, at the price of fitly guineas, the celebrated greyhound, Hercules. He has been beaten only five times out of thirty-four courses, that he has run at the meetings of established Coursing Societies. He has won three cups, and one goblet. Sale of Hunters.-The following draft from Lord Southampton's stud was sold by Messrs. Tattersall, on Monday week' Silvertail, £126 Edwin, £23 10s. Exchange, £73 Ifts. Mountaineer, £59 17s. Ashton, £45 3s. Hotspur, £50 Strawberry, £04 1 s. Rubena, by Rubens, out of Louisa, by Pegasus, was bought in. All the horses are well known in Leicestershire. THE RING. Baldwin and Neal.-The second deposit for this fight was made good on Wednesday evening, at Josh. Hudson's, Half Moon Tap, Leadennall-market. The odds on Ned Neal are 7 to 4, and 2 to 1. The fight is to take place on the 11th of March. Brown of Bridgnorth and Philip Sampson.-Those men are matched for £250 a-side the fight to come off half way between Birmingham and Bridgnorth, on Tuesday the 8th of April, Easter Tuesday. The parties met on Monday evening, at the Woodman, Birmingham, in consequence of an invitation from Brown. Qamnson is the favorite with the Brurnma-■em Fancy, who have thus taken the lead of the Londoners, and robbed em Ward ofhis chance. Jack Carter, once a candidate for the championship, will be discharged from the hulks at Chatham, in a few days. He solemnly protests his inno cence of the crime of which he was found guilty-that of stealing a coach parcel and promises to make that innocence apparent to the world. MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. The King has presented the Birmingham Musical Festival Committee with a copy of Dt. Arnold's valuable edition of Handel's Works, in 43 folio volumes. Don Miguel was hourly expected at Gravesend, but'i ad not arrived on Saturday afternoon. It is not generally known that his late Royal Highness the Duke of York left a family of a son and daughter, the latter of whom is married, and is the ihother of some most beautiful children, whose likeness to th ir grandfather is Very remark- J HHSS the amount of £0009. Tlie eatent of premises which able.-Brighton lafetfe, j have thus fallen a prey to the destructive element, may be The venerable Ear! Fitzwijliam has left Dublin on his re turn to this country. Before quitting the Irish metropolis, he was splendidly entertained at a public dinner, given by the Roman Catholics. The Gazette of Friday night contains some diplomatic appointments, of which thq chief are, that of Sir W. A'Court from Portugal to St. Petersburgh, and that of Sir F. Lamb, with a step in rank, from Spain to Portugal. Poor Mr. Ex-Sheriff Parkins is confined with a broken leg, which he got in a wrestling bout with a fellow lodger at an hotel in this city.-Letter from Quebec. Quarter's Revenue.-We understand that the produce of the revenue during the present quarter, up to the beginning of the week, is less by upwards of £300,000 than in the cor responding quarter of last year.-Chronicle. On the above subject, the Times says-The beliefprevails that the quarterly accounts will exhibit a considerable deficiency, as compared with the corresponding quarterly return of the preceding year. The Watchman says the deficiency will be £400,000 and the Standard, £600,000, We understand that a further exportation of about 180,000 ounces of silver coin took place on Saturday last, by a vessel which left the river for Calais on that day. There was also about 2,000 ounces of gold bullion sent to Rotterdam at the sane time. Nearly the whole of the above quantity has been shipped through the medium of an agent of Mr. Rothschild.-Globe of Wednesday. The business of the branch of the Bank of England, estab-lishedat Exeter, commenced on Monday morning week, at their banking-house, Soutbernhay-place, under the charge ofH. P. Hyde, Esq. agent, and G. C. Holroyd, Esq. sub-agent.-This is one of the places which lately memorialized against a branch being established there. Mildness of the Season.- Two bunches a penny prim roses ! was crying on Monday morning week at Newington and several parts of London. The Thames Tunnel Company have obtained a loan from government, with interest at only two per cent., sufficient for the completion of the undertaking. A new code of signals is to be brought into general use in the navy, as soon as possible. Contemplated Forgery on thb Sunderland Bank, About ten days ago, Mr. Martyn, an engraver in Holborn, received a letter by the post, dated Darlington, Durham, signed James Brown, stating that the writer could give him a lucrative order, the particulars of which could not be communicated, unless he first gave him a solemn assurance of inviolable secrecy. Mr. Martyn, after some consideration, showed it to Sir R. Birnie, who recommended him to promise secrecy,and request his correspondent to be more explicit. Mr. Martyn complied with the advice, and next post brought up an answer, inclosing a £1 note of the Sunderland Bank, an d requesting that a note for plates exactly similar might be en graved, as the writer had an opportnnity of setting five hun dred of them afloat, without fear of detection. This letter, with its inclosnre, was handed to Sir R. Birnie, who imme diately held a conference with Mr. Gates, solicitor to the Committee of Bankers, the result of which was, that Taunton, the officer, was sent to Darlington, where he succeeded in apprehending the writer and on searching his lodging, found the letter which Mr. Martyn had written, and a seal corres ponding with the impression o those he had received.-Taunton has not yet returned, nor has any advice of an examination of the prisoner in the country been received.-London Paper. The Newcastle Courant states, that the de linquent's name is Edward Brown, and that he is a sur geon in respectable practice. stated to be about 100 feet in length, 60 in depth, and 70 in height. The whole of the costly furniture and effects in this extensive range was destroyed so that the premises are now a mere shell. Mr. Dallimore's loss, of the Turk's Head, must be very considerable, as nearly all the furniture was destroyed, I and seven or eight pieces of strong beer, containing from 2 to 3000 gallons each, which were in his cellars, burst, and of I course the contents were lost. A quantity of malt and hops was also consumed. Ilalf-past 12 p. m.-Since writing the above, the part of the building above the saddler's shop, which was of great height, has fallen in with a tremendous crash No injury done.-Bath Gazette, Dec. 25. HULL GENERAL INFIRMARY. IN-PATIENTS. I 0VT-PATIENT9. Discharged, Cured, c. - I I Discharged, Cured, c. . Admitted 1 Admitted Vaccinated by the House-surgeon - 15. Dr. Alderson, Physician-Mr. Young, Surgeon. Mr. Robert Corlass, Ho-ise-visitor. Chaplain, Rev. J. Scott. Masquerade.-The first ofthese entertainments this season was celebrated on Thursday night, at the Argyll Rooms, under the direction of the celebrated Charles Wright. The name of that indefatigable purveyor of Champagne is so iden tified with all masquerades in the metropolis, that it is diffi cult to separate them and it, even in idea. His name needs only to be announced to attract all the lovers of fun. The rooms were well filled, and the various natives of ire, of air, of earth, of water, displayed themselves for the amusement of their friends and of themselves good humour and Wright's Sparkling were the main objects of attention. It has some times happened that the frequenters of these motley scenes have deemed laughter injurious to their health, if we might judge by their extreme abstinence from it. But the merry On theZfith ult in Sffiei,,, 1 x guests of Thursday evening seemed very gluttons in that Charloton, Es j. M.l ._a highly tafentai individual, mid whose amusement, and did not trouble themselves about what I a ' - 0 were ai i ainted with his disinterest evertmna u. crabbed critics might think. If they did only sometimes I please, at least they always had the desire to do so and those present generally gave them credit for the former, through the merits of the latter. We will here conclude by observing that Charles Wright has, with this masquerade, added a new i claim to the many he already possesses on public favour, BIRTH. On Friday week, at Canon Hall, near Barnsley, the lady of J. Spencer Stanhope, Esq. of a son and heir. MARRIACI??. On Wednesday last, at Sculcoatcs church, Mr. B. Lewis, cooper, to Miss Mary Skinn, both of this place. On Sunday week, at Christ's Church, by the Rev. John King, M.A. Mr. Robert Harrison, of the Bail, Lincoln, to Miss Johnson, of the Ladies' Seminary, Sykes-street, in this town. On Thursday week, Mr. John Spence, of Halifax, gent, to Mrs. Hodgson, ?lict of the late John Hodgson, Esq. ormerly of Hull. On Sunday week, at .St. Mary's tBrch, Beverley, .Mr. George Mcdcalt, cooper, to Ann, eldest daughter of MY. E. Jones, all of that place. On Saturday week, at Lockington, by the Rev. Francis Lundy, Mr. W. Cook, to Rebecca, youngest daughter of Mr. Robert Hardy, all of the same place. On Tuesday last, at Grimsby, Mr. Bowen, exciseman, to Miss Mary Web ster, both of that place. On the 22d ult. at Eston in Cleveland, Mr. Wm. M'Cree, to Miss Bean. DEATHS. Last night, after an illness of only two hours, to the inexpresssible grief ofhis family and friends, Mr. Thomas Randerson, taiior, aged 60. He was an honest, upright man, and will be sincerely regretted by all who knew him. On Sunday night, aged 52, universally regretted, Mr. George Scaum, of this town, formerly a respectable bookseller at Scarborough, and father to Mr. G. Scaum, bookseller, of Beverley. On the 26th ult. aged 49, Ann, the beloved and affectionate wife of Mr. v illiam Morlcy, merchant, of Doncaster. The calm serenity with which, through divine grace, she was enabled to meet death, server to soothe the grief of her bereaved family and mourning friends. At Colombo, Island of Ceylon, on the 30th Juno last, aged 24, Margaret the beloved wife of the Rev. Benjamin Clough, Wesleyan missionary, and daughter of Mr. William Morlcy, merchant, or Doncaster and though the climate made it necessary the interment should take place the next day, yet, with this short notice, so highly was she valued, that the greater imrt of the respectable European inhabitants of the city attended the funeral in deep mourning and Sir Richard Ottley, the Chief Justice, and some other '■ ntleinen of the colohv, have made preparations to erect a monument to her remembrance at their own expense, as a small token of the public estimation in which she was held during her residence of two years on the island. On Saturday morning, in Parliament-street, in this town, aged 57, Eliza beth, the wife of Mr. Peter Marshall, late of Scarborough. On Friday last, aged 69, Mr. Joseph Tumraon, of this place, broker upwards of forty years in the o nploy of Messrs. Smiths and Co. Gainsbro'. On Tuesday morning last, much respected, aged 66, Mr. George Long, of this place, schoolmaster. On Wednesday last, aged 12 months, R. S. Kirk, son of Mr. Kirk, of this town, draper. On Thursday last, aged 22, Thomas Boynton, son of Mr. Geo. Morlev, innkeeper, Market-place, in this town. On Sunday morning week, aged 22, Alfred, youngest son of Mr. George Cockman, of this town. At tlie Colleges of Glasgow and Edinburgh, he had attained very gratifying literary distinction, and proceeded to the degree of Master of Arts. Through a lingering decline, he evinced the most entire resignation to the divine will, with a calm and cheerful confidence of a blessed immortality. On Sunday week, in his 55th year, Robert Woodhouse. Esq. Plumian Professor in the University of Cambridge, and nephew to Dr. Alderson, of this town. On Wednesday last, much respected, aged 73, Mr. William Cash, of Beverley. On Wednesday morning last, after a long illness, aged 31, Charlotte, wife of Mr. Matthew Robinson, farmer, of South Cave. On the 18th ult. at Brandesburton, aged 29, Rebecca, eldest daughter of Mr. Henry Edmunds, late of the Cross Keys, at that place. Yesterday week, at Grimsby, Mr. James Goulton, of that place, merchant. ,.2?? nda y last Miti-Jane Close, daughter of the late Mr. Thos. Close, of Whitby, stonemason. On Tuesday last, Mrs. Marwood, widow of the late Mr. John Marwood. of Whitby, Ship-owner. On Christimus-day, after a long and painful affliction, borne with trulv Christian fortitude and exemphry patience, aged 5S, Helen, mother of Capt. Darling, at his residence, 1 horpe Bassett Academy, near Malton. h. V'i' ?? CT a protracted and severe illness, aged 50, Mrs. Shop, herd, wife of Mr. Wm. Shepherd, of Rawcliil! 4 JohnFnth, iV of Rose Hill, near Rotherham. On.thcZOth ult. aged IJ, Mr. Ihomas Waites, of Sowerby, near Thirsk On the tilth ult. the Rev. Christopher Anstey, vicarof Norton near stock ton, the reputed author of the Bath Guide. ' ear stock-33, Charles . uainted with his disinterested exertions in tlie cause of suffering humanity, is acknowledged to be a public lo s. T ' ' one daughter without cousin. She has only one SHIPPING XN'S'BM.XOSNOE. ARRIVALS At KtFL- 1 The M'.-nrettr l'rederi 'n, , firm this port At Copenhagen-The Fortuna, Bnkkcr, from this p r At Hamburg-Tlie Hope, Fea Diadem,Draper p.icl . t, Roach Gale, Briggs f Thornton, Hull ■, Active, Tucker all from this port At Antwerp-The Rebecca, Anderson, from this port. At Deal-The Georie .V Mien, Allison, from Charentc Frances Parker, from this port, for Ctnrcnte. Off Whitby, on the 28th ult.-The Foster, Bennett, from Quebec bound to this port. At Baiiia-The Express, Day,from Gibraltar. At Helvoet-The Apollo, Fairborn, from this port. Off Maroatc-The Ipswich, Combs, from Mitaiuichi, returned having been driven off by the ice. In the Trxel-The Mereurius, Br.kker, from this port At Tonningen-Tho Sun, Tieman, from London to Luheck, Jonge Jurg n, Brulin, from Oxenzee to London both wWvAunagi. having been surrounded with ice. Winds at Ileal-Bee. 24, WSW. squally 25. W. to WSW., 26, SW. 27, WSW. Winds at Falmouth-Dee. 24, W. fresh beeezes and squally ,125, SW., 26, SW. fresh breezes. Coasters Arrived at Wiiitbv-Miry Ann, Foster Sneaton, Wilson from London. Smales, Grey Alert, Mowatt Oak, Hii'. from Hull. Yami, Hall Eleanor Sc Ann, Davison from Sunderland John and Mary, Miller Minerva, Barnard from Stockton. Union, Smith, from Newcastle. SUlers, Boulton, from Alloa. Coaste.-.s Sailed-Dispatch, Webster Sisters, Boulton for London. Yarm Mali, for Hull. Brighton, Dccemlrr 21.-The Spring, from Bombay, which was driven on shore near Pngham, has become a complete wreck. Barmouth, Dec. 19.-The Vine, Nixon, of Sotttii Shields, was run down on tlie night of tlie 17th inst. by the Brothers, Retd, of South Shields crew landed here. Dec. 21 -'The Leander, Webb, of Shields, struck Oil the Scroby Sand bust nigbt, but gut off, and was assisted i ri by a boat. The Hope, of Sunderland, went on tile Scroby last night and sunk. Crew and materials saved. Harwich, Dec. 21.-One of tlie three vessels reported on tlie 19th inst. to be on shore on the Gunflcct Sand, is tlie Vesta, Thompson, from Memel, to London she tills every tide materials likely to he saved. 7 p. m.-Two smacks have just arrived from tlie Guulieet with tallow and hides, being part of tlie cargo of the Brothers, Steward, from Petersburg, it is expected she will become a wreck, hut most part of tlie cargo will be saved. Liverpool, Dec. 24.-Tlie wreck of the ship Favourite supposed of Shields was fallen in with by the Ann Elizabeth, from Malaga to Boston. 'Limerick, Dec. 17.-A British-built vessel of about 250 tons, timber, laden, sides painted yellow, no ports or head, masts gone, water logged, and abandoned, was fallen ill with on tlie 5th inst. in Iat. 50 long 30. by tlie Liverpool, Phillips, arrived here from Baltimore. Hemet, Dec. 15.-Tlie Union, Douglas, of Whitby, stranded here on the 29tli October, was entirely broken up by the heavy gale on the 9th and 10th instant. The weather is quite mild, and our harbour free from iee. Bremen, Dec. 14 -The Diligente, Menke, 1 which sailed on the 17th ult. for Hull, has put back with damage. Hamburg, lire. 11.-The Haabet, List, and the Apollo, Dunn, from Nordersluice to Hull, with oats, sailed thence on the 18th ofOctolier, and have not since been heard of. A trunk, with papers relative to the latter, has been washed on shore at Norden, East Friesland. Dec 14.-The Emma, Lamb, from Riga, ran aground on SaUholms, has got off and put into Copenhagen. Texcl, Dectmbtr 17.-'The Science, Allen, from London toHambro was totally lost on tlie 15th. Crew saved. Amsterdam, Dec. 15.-The Rika, Sir.it, which sailed on the 28th of October, from the Texcl for Hull, lias not since been heard of. The William, Dick, from Rotterdam to Dundee, has put back, damaged. Santa Crus, Tenerife, .Vov. 12.-Tiie Olyinpe, Quesnet, from Havre to Monte Video and liu r.os Ayres, was wrecked tlie end of last month on the coast of Africa. The passengers about 300, French English, Germans, and Swiss were saved by some Canary fishing boats, and brought IrrFon the 7th instant. In tlie Buenos Ayres papers, under date October 13, it is stated that tlie Brazilian brig of war. Twenty-ninth of August, Captain Wilson, was lost near Colonia, a few days since. The Captain, sou of Sir Robert Wilson with tlie greater part of the crew, drowned. Douglas, Isle of.Wan, December 15- During the severe storms which have visited the coasts of the Isle of Man within the last week, the Swedish barqueForiroender, of Carlscrona, Andrew Akerman master, from Marseilles, bound to Glasgow, witha valuable cargo of madder, put into Derby haven, where she took on board a pilot ami four men in addition to lier crew of twelve, but during the violent gale of tlie loth inst. she was compelled to leave her anchor in that Bay, and endeavoured to reach Douglas harbour. Having failed in the attempt, she let go her remaining anchor, but from which she soon oiler drifted among tlie breakers on the outside of tlie dangerous iusulated rock of St. Mary, in Douglas Bay, and with the first stroke unshipped tier rudder, and lay in a very hazardous state. The life boat, tlie boat of his Majesty's cutter Swallow, and two harbour boats, put offto her assistance, it was flist attempted by means of hawsers to bring the vessel into port, hut on her striking on the rock sand bilging, this w as given up, and tlie life-boat by letting go her anchor to windward, and veering down upon the wreck, was enabled to take all the people and most ol their personal luggage from her lee bow the boat of the Swallow relieved her of part of them, and the whole were thus rescued and brought in safety to Douglas, where every requisite ac commodation was provided for them by the Isle of Man Shipwreck Association. Cn Tuesday a small part of her cargo was landed, but from the'Severity of tlie weather on Wednesday and Thursday, her masts were carried away, and tlie hull completely broken up. In the services rendered to tliis vessel, tlie boat of his Majestv s cruiser Swallow, was commanded by Lieut. Strugnell, R.N., who rendered every assistance in his power. Sir Wm. Hillary had with him in the life-boat Lieut. Gretrix, R.N , Lieut. Robinson, R.N., and Mr.Hiliary. Mr. M'Meiken, agent lor packets, also attended in his boat A tribute •f respect is due to the prompt attention of the worthy Baronet, who was as usual the firsttoaid the wreck and save tiie crew.-Cumberland Parquet. Fort op Liverpool-On the 24th inst the half-yearly amount of the dock duties was made up. It presents the irmtifying feature of ar. increase over the corresponding half-year of 1826. hie number of vessels which have entered the port even exceed tlie corresponding hail-year of the celebrated year 1825. SOUND LIST. Ships Sf Captains From To Dec. 11. Vigilant, Thorp Riga Hull 12. Tertius, Brown Memel Ditto 13. Lord Nelson, Angus Riga Ditto 15. Jessy Watson, Cargill Ditto Ditto Ariadne, Ohlman Dantzig Ditto Minerva, Jordau Wyburg Ditto Elsinore, Dee. 18 -The Monarch, Harrison, of Whitby, from Memel, put into Copenhagen, leaky, on the 15th. The ships mentioned in our last remain. Winds-Dec. 9,10, W ll, 12, S 13, S. to SE 14, 15, S. to SW. 18, SW. 17, W. 18, SW. HULL-FOREIGN ARRIVED-From Lately, at Chesterfield, Dr. UaUclific, leaving father, mother, sister, or brother, uncle, aunt, or cc surviving relative, a grandfather. t .Jj? vL lf Vr ni Hubhn, aged 23, Miss Reid, only daughter of David 0™ '. Mdlbank, near K rmoy. She was to have been married to ot c Mrd Dragoon Guards, on Tuesday morning b . t . mBf i U h W °'A. Mo ' Kla y ni ht 8ct her night-dicus ©n lire, and as ao dreadfully burnt that she expired two days alter. ITambro', Twist, Jameson Frank fort, Willows Hanibro', Bouch Ann, Walker. Quebec, Foster, Bennett. Iliya, Betsey Black, Forman. Terceira, Vine, Bali. Dec. 24. Alicant, Aurora, . FOREIGN SAILED.-For Dec. 27. Amsterdiim, Jonge David, Kup-per. Antwerp, Etton, Vollans. COASTERS ARRIVED.-From Aberdeen, Fox, Gilbertson. Alcmoulh, Brothers, Marshall. Dublin, Vigilant, Evans. Dundee, Fife Packet, Buist. Glasgow, Gratitude, Dick. Leith, Hero, Scott John Watson, Tyrie. Lynn, Ellen, Hinchcliff Blag, don, Robinson Agenoria, Rip. pengale. COASTERS SAILED.-For Dec. 23. Hambro', Guard, Adam Irwell. Barron. Rotterdam, Providence Good In. tent, Atkinson. Dec. 29. Charente, York Merchant, Blake. London, Humber, Naylor. Newcastle, Margaret, Ramm, Emma, Stark. Scarbro', Ribston, Salmon. SHyo, Margaret, Finlay. Stockton, Cynthia, Mellanby. Sunderland, William and Mary, Barton. Yarmouth, Elizabeth and Mary, Pincher. Berwick, Argo, Hood. Burnham, Mayflower, Atkinson. Dundee, Tay, Wann. Leith, Trent, Calder Happy Re turn, Figgins. London, Mary, Chambers Man-Chester, Cusworth Ebenezer, Dalton luo, Laverack. Lynn, Dove, Garner Endeavour, Hamilton Thomas and Ami, Hodgson. Stockton, Argo, Evatts. Shields, Edward, Paul Friends, Henry Salacia, Grimston. Spalding, Bee, Townend Eliza, Tulley Blessing, Seymour. Sunderland, Wells Packet, Wabon, Planter, Woodhouse Thomas and William, Floodman. iVdls, Hopewell, Curson. Whitby, Alert, Mowatt Speed well, Clark. Yarmouth, Providence, Duffin. Jan 2. Wednesday 3. Thursday 4. Friday.... 5. Saturday.. 6. Sunday .. 7. Monday .. 8. Tuesday .. HIGH WATER Morning Tide. AT HULL. Evn. Tide. 41 past ft 0 .. 7 85 .. 7 H .. 8 43 .. 8 2ft .. J 0 .. 10 Feasts, Fasts, fyc. Full Moon. Epiphany. The Royal Charter Steam Packet, for Barton, sails daily at Ten in the forenoon, and at One and Four in the afternoon. - I t i an
[OCR_aligned] Ibe Re-opened riCE. ...... ... -Inf, Hull, 1NG, Loser may j her, and pay-fic Hull Packet Dec. 1827. s of the New e the opening Inner, at the l inuary, 1828, friends to the requested to Iwards, or the ►Stewards. hanks to the frequenting ■ time he begs in ttie Centre lie despatch of llcveo o'clock iUtrrnoon. on y accomm have iMlies would I obey the iu-lostilities till Iwn. Unless try reason to Itizans of his Kir mediation infatuation, what insanity, could induce Fabvier or Cochrane to place themselves in hostile collision with the European powers This is inconceivable. The most deplorable part of the affair is, that, although decisive evidence will be thus afforded to the Sultan of the impartiality of the negotiating powers, and of their determination to enforce the armistice on all hands, the destruction of the Greek naval force, is an occurrence so consonant to his wishes as to tend inevitably to inspire fresh hopes of the ultimate subjugation of Greece. The writer of one of the paragraphs communicating the intelligence, seems to believe that this event will oblige the Sultan to accept the intervention. We regret to say we see the affair in a very different light, and cannot but consider it as a most afflicting piece of news, view it in what shape we will. The following extracts from the Gazette de France of Friday last, contain all that is at present known upon this important subject -Vienna, Dec. 18- Letters from Trieste announce that Admiral do Rigny has burnt, before Scio, the Greek fleet, which had refused to obey the in@ junction of the 24th Oct. Trieste, Dec. 16.-Admiral de Rigny burnt the Greek fleet at Scio, after having summoned Fabvier to suspend hostilities. This news, which has caused the greatest sensation, is official. Our Governor has lent a courier to Vienna. Vienna, Dec. 19.-News of the disaster of the Greek fleet, burnt by Ad. iniral Rigny, has arrived here. It is expected that this affair will force, forcera , the Sultan to accept the intervention. The Vienna article of the 18th also states that letters from Odessa of fhe 7fh, mention that accounts have been received from Constantinople that the Ambassadors had actually em@ barked on the 1st ultimo. The Augsburg Gazette, however, states on the authority of news from the same place, that the Ambassadors were only preparing to embark on the 1st. It is certainly possible that both accounts may be correct, as the latter accounts may have been written at an earlier hour of the same day, and it may actually prove that the Ambas@ sadors took their departure on the afternoon of that day.-We must therefore wait for further arrivals from Constanti@ nople, before we entirely conclude that the die is cast. Letters from Malta, dated 1st ult. state that Admiral Cod-@RINGTON was making active preparations to put down the Greek pirates. Sir Thos. Staines, in the Isis, and a squadron were ordered on that service. Letters received on Friday from St. Petersburgh, dated 10th ult. state that the late victory over the Persians, by the Russians, has led to a preliminary treaty of peace. The Rus@ sians are to retain all the country to the north of the Araxes' and a small portion to the southward, and all the expenses Of the war are to be borne by the Persians. This account is confirmed by the French Papers. The building adjoining the Shambles at the end of Queen@-street, intended for the new Corn Market, will be opened this day for public business. It possesses, we understand, every requisite for the purposes to which it is appropriated, in point of convenience. Thirty boxes are fitted up, to be let at a certain sum per annum, wherein samples can be exhibited, and other business transacted. The subscribers and friends to the institution celebrate the opening of the building by a dinner at the Kingston Hotel this day. Hull Winter Assemblies.-The second Ball this season took place last evening at the Assembly Rooms, in North@-street. The company consisted of upwards of 130 individuals, comprising a large proportion of the wealth, beauty, and fashion of this district of our extensive and populous county. Dancing was kept up with spirit till half-past three in the morning, when the party separated, anticipating a renewal of the pleasures of the sprightly scene, at the next merry meeting. Miss Bradbury.-It will be seen, by an advertisement in another column, that this young lady's Concert takes place tomorrow evening. The selection comprises some very beautiful compositions, and altogether the performance promises to be of a highly popular character. We feel convinced that Miss B. will not fail, on this occasion, to receive the support to which her talents and laudable anxiety to please at all times, so amply entitle her. Mr. Calvert, of the Hull Theatre, we observe, has notified bis inteniion of delivering a course of Lectures on Elocution, at the Exchange Room, to commence on the 12th instant. The Literary and Philosophical Society have evinced the estimation in which they hold the talent of Mr. C. by giving their sanction to the undertaking i w feel assured, under these circumstances, that the success of this gentleman, upon the occasion in question, will be fully adequate to the opinion so generally entertained of his ability. Miss Foote.-We very much regret that the friends of the above lady, whose talents we admire, should think it neces@ sary to propagate the most absurd and fulsome puff's in her praise. Such conduct is unwise, as well as unjust to the public, and can be of no service to Miss F. Our attention has been called to this subject by observing a long article in two London papers, dated from this town, and quoted at the bottom Hull Paper, full of the most contemptible false@ hoods, not one word of which ever appeared in any paper published here. The article commences by telling the reader that in the olden time these are the very words used , the taste for theatricals was at a very low ebb in Hull, but that Miss Foote and Mr. Downe had contrived to infuse a new and better feeling@! This is merely ridiculous but the next statement, unless the offspring of the grossest ignorance, is a wilful lie it says, on her last year's visit Miss F. received 300 guineas for six nights, besides having the grati fication of placing a large sum at the disposal of the treasury. Miss F. as most of our readers know, was never engaged in Hull until the present season, and therefore could neither receive 300 guineas on her last year's visit, nor aid the trea@ sury by leaving any sum at its disposal@! The paragraph then states that Miss F. played Juliet and Maria Darlington four nights', that every box was taken for four nights ! and that she sung Buy a broom three times i. e. had a double encore on each night@of her performance! False, every word! We repeat, that such impudent trash as the above can be of no service to Miss Foote, and it would be prudent in that lady to suggest to her friends, how little necessity there can be for them to push their zeal to such unjustifiable lengths. On Wednesday last, a boy named Thomas Brown, was pushing a boat off from the vessel on which he was standing in the Old Harbour, when he unfortunately lost his balance and fell into the water, between the vessel and the boat, and was drowned. The body was not found till Saturday, and an inquest was held over it the same day, before George Coulson, Esq. coroner, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. The deceased was about eleven years old. Yesterday, at the MansioD-House, Mr. S. Alcock was con@ victed in treble costs, for levying a distress to the amount of 12s. fid. and charging costs thereon 6s. fid., being Is. more than the rate fixed by Act of Parliament. '.... A young gentleman, whose parents reside in this neighbour@ hood, was lately paying them a visit. Being a pupil of Christ's Hospital, at Hertford, he had come home arrayed in the ugly and outlandish costume worn by the boys of that establishment, and while here, frequently took his walks in tfle same garments. In one of these rambles, he was discovered by two countrymen who had never seen anything so strange before. Hi@ long blue-gown, leathern-girdle, yellow stockings, indispensables@nf the@swne extraordinary complexion, and want of a hat@ partly convinced them that he was tome unfortunate maniac who had escaped from the Hull Refuge. They deter@ mined therefore to interrogate him, and should his language correspond with the strangeness of his appearance, they agreed to take him into custody. With this intention they went up to the object of their solicitude, and one of them asked who he was. The lad, having a mind to astonish the natives, answered in Latin, puer sum. P°o f am, indeed@! said one of the rustics, we are very sorry for you, but must see you properly looked after. His answer had confirmed their suspicions, and they forthwith very uncere@ moniously dragged him to the nearest village, where the party was met bv one of the youth's friends, and he was fortunately rescued from the nervous grasp of his self-con@ stituted guardians. , . . . An ox of extraordinary weight and beauty was slaughtered at Market Weighton, on the 22d@of December, by Mr. Robert Tindale@ He was bought of Mr. James Bradley, of Etton, had been drawn and fed by Lord Faversham, and was of his Lordship's short horned breed. He was six years old, and it is only eighteen months since he worked in the team, lie walked fifty miles as nimble as though he had not been fatted, and was thought to be the handsomest ox ever slaughtered. WeightFore quarter, 72 stone 31b. hind quarter, 51 @t. 51b. loose fet, 20@st. hide, 8@st. 101b. -152 st. 4@1b. 141b. to the stone. . _ . It is intended to apply to Parliament for power to make a canal from the river Don, at Bailey, near Doncaster, through the townships'of Cantley, Awkley, and Fin@mngly, to join the Bicker Dike, which empties itself into the Trent, at Stotk@-with, about four miles below Gainsbro'. . The Marquess and Marchioness of Wellesley arrived at Holyhead on Saturday week, from Dublin. Charles Mathews was to commence his engagement at Drury-lane theatre last night, in his character of liuskin in Killing no Murder. Encroachment of the Sea,-a constant encroachment of the sea is visible on the cliff b@Aween Bridlington and Barm@ ston, estimated at about six feet per annum. This regularly progressive destruction has, however, been carried so far be@ yond @Us customary line, within the last six weeks, as to cause rather an extraordinary sensation in those best acquainted W .l! 1 P ™° me , na of a similar kind. In some places 15 feet, in others 20, and even 30 feet from the cliff, the carriage road along tins part of the country has passed away within the last month and, for nearly half a mile, this road has lately rolled do wn into the sea, to be deposited nobody knows where, lhe contiguous land, lately supported by the cliff, is now to be seen, much loosened by the loss of its wall, and in a dis@ located state for many yards from the cliff-top whether these broken portions arc destined to fall quickly, or to remain another year, is a question of little consequence they must soon be mingled in confusion. The appearance, at pre@ sent, is as that occasioned by an earthquake. A temporary road is made between the undisturbed points and a new road is in a forward state of preparation. Much damage has of late been done all along the eastern coast of Suffolk from Aldborough to Lowestoffe, in conse@ quence of an unusually high tide, accompanied by a violent gale of wind. At Easton farm, full four acres of land, the property of Sir T. Gooch, Bart, and a@part of it with a@growing crop of turnips, were carried into the sea. So violent have been the attacks of the watery element on this spot, that during the occupation of the present tenant more than forty acres have been taken away by the same means. The inhabit@ ants of the little town of Soutliwold, situated on the coast about a mile to the south-west from Easton Cliff for many years past the summer resort of much company were at the same time thrown into great consternation and alarm. The sea rolling tremendously against the Gun-hill-the favourite walk and most fashionable part of the town-a great part of it was washed away, and so undermined that large masses of the hill fell down. A public walk, called the Ladies' Walk@ is entirely destroyed and serious apprehensions are enter@ tained for the safety of many valuable houses near the sea, should there be a recurrence of a similar visitation.-Suffolk Herald. On Friday last, Mr. W. Thompson, of Driffield, was robbed of notes to the amount of £12, in the passage of the Fleece Inn, in the Market-Place. A woman named Mary Price was apprehended a few hours aftet, by Taylor, one of our police, and was fully committed on the following day, to take her trial for the offence at the approaching Sessions, Most of the money was found in her possession. The Annual Meeting of the Members of the Lyceum, was held at their room in Parliament-street, on Monday evening, Mr. Henwood, the President, in the chair who introduced the business of the evening by referring to the increasing prosperity of the institution. The whole debt, now amount@ ing to only £30, could be discharged at any time the society thought proper to pay off the remaining shares a much greater number of books had been admitted during the past year, than in any former one since the institution commenced@ As twenty-one years have elapsed since the first establish@ ment of the society, it was proposed by John Crosse, Esq@ that the members should dine together at an early oppor@ tunity, to commemorate the event, which was cordially agreed to. The following gentlemen were elected to serve upon the Committee for the ensuing year -@Mr. James Henwood, Mr. George Locking, John Crosse, Esq. F.S.A. Mr. John Exley, Rev, James Colquhoun, Rev. William Wilson, Dr. C. Alderson, Mr. Thomas Buchanan, C. M@ and Mr. Wm. Gardner. Those marked were re-elected@@ The society at present consists of 257 members. Mr. William Richmond, the President of the Ship-owners' Society, North Shields, has this last week addressed a long letter to the Honourable H. T. Liddell, M. P. for Northumber@ land, upon the sufferings of British ship-owners. In some points those two gentlemen's opinions are at variance. On Thursday morning, an attempt was made to rob the horse-post from Thirsk to Boroughbridge, by two ruffians, one of whom seized the reins of the horse, and the other struck the rider so violent a blow as nearly to force him from the saddle. The villain who had seized the reins, however, lost his hold, and the rider escaped with the letter bags in safety@ The@town@of@Great Yarmouth, Norfolk,@on Wednesday,@Thurs@ day, and Friday in the week before last, was in a most extraordi@ nary state of excitation, from the discovery of the exhumation of several bodies from the church-yard of that parish, by a gang of resurrection men. It is supposed there have not been less than twenty bodies removed, as well ax many others from the neighbouring church-yards. Two of the resurrection men are in custody. We understand that, within a few days, accounts, if possible still more disheartening than before, as to the American affairs of Messrs. Jeremiah and William Thompson, of@Rawden, have reached this country.-Leeds Intelligencer. The Weather -Such is the present unprecedented mild@ ness of the weather, that we are infonned gooseberries are at present forming upon some trees in this neighbourhood.-Daisies were gathered upon one of the highest hills in this vicinity on Wednesday.-Bradford Courier. An accident occurred on Wednesday evening during the @irformance at Mr. Powell's Circus, m. -Rridge-street,- Br A-@'ord. In consequence of the crowded state of the gallery, one of the supporters broke, and part ef the flooring gave way. Several females fainted from fear, but not the slightest injury was sustained by any of the audience. On Tuesday evening last, as Richard Parkinson, overlooker to Messrs. Richard Fawcett and Son, of Bradford, was return@ ing from Horton to Bradford, about seven o'clock, he was stopped at Clay ton-lane-end, near Manville House, by four men, who seized him and threw him down. After attempting to stop his mouth, they proceeded to rifle his pockets, but providentially they did not succeed in accomplishing their pei fm purpose. The final resolution is now taken by the parties interested in the intended navigable canal from@Wakefield@to@Ferrybridge, to apply to Parliament during the ensuing session, for an act t@ make and maintain such canal. The@struggle@in Parliament last session between the Aire and Calder Company and the Wakefield and Ferry@bridge Company was most arduous, 130 members having voted for the new canal, and 135 against it, constituting a larger number of members than was ever before known to assemble in the House of Commons to vote on an inland navigation bill.-Bradford Courier. ' Wholesale Poaching-The poachers in this part of the country have now hit upon the expedient of congregating in great numbers, for the purpose of intimidating those who have the care of game pre-@serves. A body of sixty or seventy men assembled in this way and went to Templenewsam, near this town, the seat of the Marchioness of Hertford, on tlie night of yesterday week, ten of whom were armed with guns, and the rest with sticks and bludgeons. The residents of the mansion, of course heard what was going on in the grounds, for the plunderers shot game within five yards of it, but the inmates per@ ceiving wliat vast numbers were assembled, and there being compa@ ratively few keepers and watchers at hand, they did not venture to offer any resistance. The poachers were therefore allowed to proceed in their depredations, and they brought away no small quantity of Christmas presents. Early in the morning of Thursday an express was sent off to Leeds for assistance, but the only civil power on duty were the watchmen, upwards of thirty of whom collected at six o'clock, the time at which they go off their rounds, and were despatched to Templenewsam by different routes. The poachers had, in all proba@ bility, left the grounds before tlieir arrival, or had retired in a different direction to that in which the watchmen approached, for the poachers and the watchmen never came in contact with each other, or it is probable the result might have been serious. We have not heard that any of the parly have been apprehended. Two poachers, being part of a gang from the neighbourhood of Dewsbury, were apprehended on the grounds of J. C. Brandling, Esq. of Middleton Lodge, near this town, on the night of Sunday week one of them had two pheasants in his possession, and the other w as lying upon a gun. On Tuesday they were taken before the West Riding magistrates, assembling at the office of Messrs. Smith and Hutchinson, in this town, when the man who was found lying on liis gun was dismissed, because it was not in his hand, and the other was fined £5.-Leeds Intelligencer. Several very bold attempts at robbery, independently of small pilferings, have occurred in Lincoln lately. On Friday night week, a noise was heard by oqe of the .neighbours as of persons moving about in the back yard of Messrs. Norton and Whitton, near the waterside, and in the morning it was found that a most persevering attack had been made on the count@ ing-house the door, a remarkably solid one, had resisted the efforts of the thieves, though much broken, and some of its bolts undone, yet owing to an ingenious patent lock no entry could be made. It is supposed that the thieves must have been occupied for an hour in these attempts, and that a chance light in a neighbouring tenement caused them to desist.-About nine o'clock on the same night, Mr. R. Hoyle, farmer, of Heighington, was struck a violent blow by some unseen person, near the National School, and being made insensible thereby, was@robbed@of@about@£16, retaining@his@watchandabout £3. On Saturday night week, the warehouse lately belong@ ing to Mr. Cuttill, but now to Messrs. Hooker and Co., on Brayford Wharf, was broken into, and some leather stolen, of comparatively small value it is fortunate that the warehouse was almost empty had two vessels been unladen, which had arrived the same day, a rich booty would have been obtained. There is reason to suppose that the thieves in most of these instances are inhabitants, especially in the last-mentioned, as some time ago, a very powerful and ferocious dog, which had belongedto Mr. Cuttill, and had been long a safeguard to the premises, was poisoned. The Magistrates of Newcastle have forwarded a representa@ tion to the Duke of Northumberland, Lord Lieutenant of the county, that if the Newcastle Yeomanry Cavalry are dis@ banded, a larger military force will be requisite there. The Marquis of Cleveland has disbanded the South Tyne Hussars. The remainder of the Local and Provincial Intelligence will be found in the last page.J Suicide in Manchester.-On Monday morning the 17tb ult. a young man, a foreigner, Trapp by name, a native of Hamburgh, clerk in a German house in Manchester, put a period to his existence. He first took laudanum, then shot himself with a pistol,@and lastly stabbed himself with a stiletto. THE THEATRE. On Wednesday evening, Miss Love, a lady who has obtained considerable celebrity in the metropolis, by her Bprightly and versatile talents as a comedian, as well as by her vocal abilities, made her first appearance at our Theatre, in pursuance of an engagement for five nights, entered into with Mr. Downe. The character selected for her debut Atrocious Murder . Bishops Wahham, Tier. 27.-We have the melancholy duty of adding the following to the list of barbarous murders which have of late been perpetrated in various parts of the country. On Saturday evening, about half past eleven, the body of a young man, named Harms-@worth, was found on the road side between Titchfield and Fareham, in Hampshire, most barbarously mangled. Several Wives. She went through the part with a spirit and .vivacity of manner that produced a very striking impres@ sion upon the audience, and sang several songs in the most bewitching style that can be imagined, evincing@at@the@same time the precision and taste of a finished vocalist. Her voice is clear, powerful, and melodious, the lower tones particularly full and sweet, with a flexibility that enables her to execute passages of rapidity with case and certainty. Her mode of giving a run of consecutive toaps from the highest pitch of hor voice, terminating firmly on a note of extraordinary depth for a female, was much admired, and drew frequent plaudits from the house. Most of her songs were unanimously encored. I've been roaming, Why are you wandering, in the play, and the Light guitar in the afterpiece, were strikingly effective. Mr. Downe in Admiral Franklin, and Mr. Dodd in Billy Lackaday, played with their usual talent, and kept the audience in high good humour. Miss Davies in the part of Eugenia, exhibited much ability in the delicacy and pathos with which she made her appeal to the Admiral as the daughter of his old friend. The afterpiece, Giovanni in London, was extremely well got up, and Jfflorded Miss Love an opportunity of displaying her peculiar talents to M est advantage. As the hero of the piece, the rakish Don, she a@jp? and spirit personified. Her every look, word, and motion. tocmu wfth sparkling vivacity. Indeed, we do not recollect to have seen on any ctage a lady who possesses the spirit and animation of Miss Love j certainly not one who, with a high cul@ tivation of the musical art, combines every requisite for a first-rate comic actress. Her Buy a broom in the character of a Bavarian peasant, was exquisite. This is a composition written expressly for her, and differing tolo ccclo from the songs with that title given by some of her contempo@ raries. She sings it with peculiaj and irresistible humour, and imitates the voice and manner of the itinerant vender to the very life. Miss L. ai -peared last week, as Young Meadows in Love in a Village, Maria in Of Age To-Morrow, Rosalind in As You Like It, and Paul in Paul and Virginia, and was in all these characters eminently successful. Last night she personated Zelinda in The Sttsoe, and Repeated the character of l on Giovanni, with increased applause. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. CHASE, Ac. The Holderness Fox Hounds, meet at Danthorpe, this day, JFan. 1 at Scorbro', on Thursday and at Beeford on Saturday-each day at eleven o'clock. Sir@Tatton Sykes' Fox Hounds, meet at Bishop Wilton Beacon on Wed-Plantation on Frit nesdav, Jan. 2 and at Knapton.i ton o'clock. Lord Yarborough's Fox Hounds, Fridayeach morning at t on Wednesday, Jan. 2, at Melton Low Wood on Friday at Elkington Cow Pasture and on Saturday at Thornton College-each day at Eleven o'clock was that oFBma in the musical play of Sweethearts and 9tabs appeared in var ous parts 0 f the body, one of his ears was cut off, and the head nearly severed from the trunk.-The following particulars have transpired -The unfortunate young man was of the most sober and inoffensive habits, and worked as a journeyman bricklayer at Gosport. His master, owing to the scarcity of employment during the winter, had discharged all his workmen except the deceased. This pre@ ference, on the part of the master, had given rise to the most bitter animosity towards Harmsworth, in the breasts of his fellow-workmen. On Saturday evening, they vowed ven@ geance,and one of@them@.by name Sheppard, followed him from Gosport, towards his home near Titchfield, with oaths and imprecations. He entered a public-house on the road, and borrowed a knife for the purpose of eating provisions lie had with him, which knife was found lodged in the throat of the deceased, and has been identified by the landlord as the one furnished by him to Sheppard. His hands, when he was taken into custody, were found covered with tar but the surgeon discovered, beneath the finger nails, remains of blood and gore. His shirt-sleeves, also, had been just washed. The prisoner's agitation was excessive. The occurrence has occa@ sioned an extraordinary sensation in this part of Hampshire. -Morning paper. Horbible Depravity.-On the 12th ult. Margaret Parr, residing in Coilege-lane, near St. Helen's, was brought before two of@his Majesty's justices of the peace, charged with having destroyed an infant, to whiifiishe had lately given birth.-Col. Williams, of Woolton, received information of the affair in an anonymous letter. She, for a long time, persisted in asserting her innocence but, when the evidence against her became too strong for further denial, she admitted th@e she had had a child, and had destroyed it by putting it on t@@ • Though this hellish deed had been perpetrated a for. . it previous to her apprehension, the constable found, in the ash-@hole, a part of the back and shin bones, which he afterwards produced in evidence before the court. The daemon of a mother was finally committed to Lancaster Castle, to take her trial. -Liverpool Mercury. Daring Outrage.-On Monday evening, some daring ruffian discharged a blunderbuss loaded with slugs, against a window of the drawing-room of Count Munster's house, at Putney Hill. The family, of course, were greatly alarmed the slugs broke eleven panes of glass, and lodged in the shutters, which were closed at the time. A gig or light cart was heard to drive off in a gallop after the shot but in con@ sequence of the confusion it caused was not pursued. A Child with Two Faces.-A most extraordinary caprice of nature occurred in this town Taunton on Sunday morn ing last, in the birth of a female child having two distinct and perfectly-formed faces. Elizabeth Verrier, the mother of the child, is the wife of a carpenter, residing in Hoi way-lane. She had, previously, seven healthy children, none of them exhibiting the least deviation from ordinary nature. In the present instance there was no prematurity of birth the child lived three quarters of an hour, and in the course of that period cried very audibly three times. Every component part of the faces is distinctly formed in each, and both of them present the pleasing countenances of two fine babes. At that part of one of the faces where the usual formation of the ear takes place, the additional face commences, with a slight un@ dulation towards the cheek of the second face, which then proceeds through all its regular features until it terminates at the left ear-so that the face on the right side has one ear, and the face on the left one also. The space on the back of the head is, from the encroachment of the faces, very limited but it is, as well as the upper part of the head, covered with hair. In all other respects the child is regularly formed.-Taunton Courier. Fire at York-House, Bath.-A little before three o'clock this morning, Tuesday a cry of fire from several voices aroused the neighbourhood of York-House. The fire first made its appearance from a window or aperture under the lofty gateway of York House yard. It is supposed to have originated in the upper room of Mr. Simpkins, saddler, who occupies the bouse fronting Broad-street, on the right hand side of the gateway. The strength of the flames from this aperture was evidently very powerful, as if the fire had been stifled for some time until it had gained a current which enabled it to burst forth with terrific fury. The proprietor of York House, Mr. Reilly, and his sons, were immediately aroused, and were with the utmost promptitude on the spot. The inmates of the bedchambers@were also quickly down@stairs, with their luggage. The engines were shortly brought, and the various reservoirs of water n the neighbournooa were soon opened. The fire, however, increased until the whole of the immense pile of buildings including the shops of Mr. Simpkins, and Mr. Knight, broker, which are under the ball@ room were in one devouring blaze@! Mr. Reilly's plate was all saved. We hear that the stock and furniture were in-7'0 MERCHANTS, ATTORNIES, OR OTHERS rffltVO OFFICES to LET Entrance in Churcb-l-uie, and I fronting the Market-Place, at present in the occupation of Messrs. Eglin and Saundkrson. For particulars inquire at No. 16, Market-Place. Hull, Dec. 24, 1827. • EAGLE LIFE ASSURANCE ASSOCIATION, 83, CORNIIILL, AMD 10, WATF.RLOO-PLACF, ESTABLISHED 1807. Distinct. Tables for Male and Female Life. T HE Directors have caused New Tables to be calculated, on which the relative values of the Lives of the two sexes are, at all ages, distinguished, in consequence ol this improvement. The Younger Male Lives are insured at premiums below the ordinary rates. The Female Lives at rates lower than any other Office. Lite Assurance may be effected for North and South America, for tlie East Indies, for any of the British C l ni@@ or Garrisons, for a continual or an especial Maritime risk, fur the whole of Life, or for the duration of any Military, Civil, or Diplomatic Duty. Pour-fifths of the Profits are divided among the Assured, whether at Home or Abroad. HENRY P. SMITH, Actuary. Agent for HULL Mr. BRIGGS GAUL1LL. BETTING AT TATTERS ALL'S, THURSDAY. Mr. Thornhill's Merchant, and Sir T. Mostyn's Ultimatum, increased the St. Lcger field, to-day, and were backed to a considerable amount.-Johanna Southcote not yet named for it was also backed. The north country nomination for the St. Leger is not yet very great. The odds closed thus -Derby.-7 to 1 agst Merchant @Oto 1 agst The Colonel 11 to 1 agst Sorcery colt 15 to 1 agst Druid 20 to 1 agst Shoveler colt 22 to 1 agst Folly colt 22 to 1 agst Amy colt j 22 to agst Johanna Southcote colt 21 to 1 agst. Mariner 25 to 1 agst each of Lord Grosvcnor's 25 to 1 agst Omen 25 to 1 agst any other, j 500 to 400 Johanna_Southcote agst Amy, taken . St. Leger.-The only horses backed were-25 to 1 agst Merchant taken . 30 to .1 agst Ultimatum, taken . 50 to 1 agst Stapleton taken . 50 to 1 agst Johanna Southcote colt taken . I.ord Lowther's Derby colt, Punster, is dead. Mr. Payne's Derby colt by Srnoiensko, out of Lady Ern, is gone to Van Dieman's Land. Sir Bellingham Graham and Mr. Best, members of the Malton Coursing Society, have purchased, of Mr. Hassall, at the price of fitly guineas, the celebrated greyhound, Hercules. He has been beaten only five times out of thirty-four courses, that he has run at the meetings of established Coursing Societies. He has won three cups, and one goblet. Sale of Hunters.-The following draft from Lord Southampton's stud was sold by Messrs. Tattersall, on Monday week' Silvertail, £126 Edwin, £23 10s. Exchange, £73 Ifts. Mountaineer, £59 17s. Ashton, £45 3s. Hotspur, £50 Strawberry, £04 1 s. Rubena, by Rubens, out of Louisa, by Pegasus, was bought in. All the horses are well known in Leicestershire. THE RING. Baldwin and Neal.-The second deposit for this fight was made good on Wednesday evening, at Josh. Hudson's, Half Moon Tap, Leadennall-@market. The odds on Ned Neal are 7 to 4, and 2 to 1. The fight is to take place on the 11th of March. Brown of Bridgnorth and Philip Sampson.-Those men are matched for £250 a-side the fight to come off half way between Birmingham and Bridgnorth, on Tuesday the 8th of April, Easter Tuesday. The parties met on Monday evening, at the Woodman, Birmingham, in consequence of an invitation from Brown. Qamnson is the favorite with the Brurnma@-■em Fancy, who have thus taken the lead of the Londoners, and robbed @em Ward ofhis chance. Jack Carter, once a candidate for the championship, will be discharged from the hulks at Chatham, in a few days. He solemnly protests his inno@ cence of the crime of which he was found guilty-that of stealing a coach parcel and promises to make that innocence apparent to the world. MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. The King has presented the Birmingham Musical Festival Committee with a copy of Dt. Arnold's valuable edition of Handel's Works, in 43 folio volumes. Don Miguel was hourly expected at Gravesend, but'i ad not arrived on Saturday afternoon. It is not generally known that his late Royal Highness the Duke of York left a family of a son and daughter, the latter of whom is married, and is the ihother of some most beautiful children, whose likeness to th ir grandfather is Very remark- J HHSS the amount of £0009. Tlie eatent of premises which able.-Brighton lafetfe, j have thus fallen a prey to the destructive element, may be The venerable Ear! Fitzwijliam has left Dublin on his re@ turn to this country. Before quitting the Irish metropolis, he was splendidly entertained at a public dinner, given by the Roman Catholics. The Gazette of Friday night contains some diplomatic appointments, of which thq chief are, that of Sir W. A'Court from Portugal to St. Petersburgh, and that of Sir F. Lamb, with a step in rank, from Spain to Portugal. Poor Mr. Ex-Sheriff Parkins is confined with a broken leg, which he got in a wrestling bout with a fellow lodger at an hotel in this city.-Letter from Quebec. Quarter's Revenue.-We understand that the produce of the revenue during the present quarter, up to the beginning of the week, is less by upwards of £300,000 than in the cor@ responding quarter of last year.-Chronicle. On the above subject, the Times says-The belief@prevails that the quarterly accounts will exhibit a considerable deficiency, as compared with the corresponding quarterly return of the preceding year. The Watchman says the deficiency will be £400,000 and the Standard, £600,000, We understand that a further exportation of about 180,000 ounces of silver coin took place on Saturday last, by a vessel which left the river for Calais on that day. There was also about 2,000 ounces of gold bullion sent to Rotterdam at the sane time. Nearly the whole of the above quantity has been shipped through the medium of an agent of Mr. Rothschild.-Globe of Wednesday. The business of the branch of the Bank of England, estab@-lished@at Exeter, commenced on Monday morning week, at their banking-house, Soutbernhay-place, under the charge of@H. P. Hyde, Esq. agent, and G. C. Holroyd, Esq. sub-agent.-This is one of the places which lately memorialized against a branch being established there. Mildness of the Season.- Two bunches a penny prim@ roses ! was crying on Monday morning week at Newington and several parts of London. The Thames Tunnel Company have obtained a loan from government, with interest at only two per cent., sufficient for the completion of the undertaking. A new code of signals is to be brought into general use in the navy, as soon as possible. Contemplated Forgery on thb Sunderland Bank, About ten days ago, Mr. Martyn, an engraver in Holborn, received a letter by the post, dated Darlington, Durham, signed James Brown, stating that the writer could give him a lucrative order, the particulars of which could not be communicated, unless he first gave him a solemn assurance of inviolable secrecy. Mr. Martyn, after some consideration, showed it to Sir R. Birnie, who recommended him to promise secrecy,@and request his correspondent to be more explicit. Mr. Martyn complied with the advice, and next post brought up an answer, inclosing a £1 note of the Sunderland Bank, an d requesting that a note for plates exactly similar might be en@ graved, as the writer had an opportnnity of setting five hun@ dred of them afloat, without fear of detection. This letter, with its inclosnre, was handed to Sir R. Birnie, who imme@ diately held a conference with Mr. Gates, solicitor to the Committee of Bankers, the result of which was, that Taunton, the officer, was sent to Darlington, where he succeeded in apprehending the writer and on searching his lodging, found the letter which Mr. Martyn had written, and a seal corres@ ponding with the impression o@ those he had received.-Taunton has not yet returned, nor has any advice of an examination of the prisoner in the country been received.-London Paper. The Newcastle Courant states, that the de@ linquent's name is Edward Brown, and that he is a sur@ geon in respectable practice. stated to be about 100 feet in length, 60 in depth, and 70 in height. The whole of the costly furniture and effects in this extensive range was destroyed so that the premises are now a mere shell. Mr. Dallimore's loss, of the Turk's Head, must be very considerable, as nearly all the furniture was destroyed, I and seven or eight pieces of strong beer, containing from 2 to 3000 gallons each, which were in his cellars, burst, and of I course the contents were lost. A quantity of malt and hops was also consumed. Ilalf-past 12 p. m.-Since writing the above, the part of the building above the saddler's shop, which was of great height, has fallen in with a tremendous crash@ No injury done.-Bath Gazette, Dec. 25. HULL GENERAL INFIRMARY. IN-PATIENTS. I 0VT-PATIENT9. Discharged, Cured, c. - I I Discharged, Cured, c. . Admitted 1 Admitted Vaccinated by the House-surgeon @@- 15. Dr. Alderson, Physician-Mr. Young, Surgeon. Mr. Robert Corlass, Ho-ise-visitor. Chaplain, Rev. J. Scott. Masquerade.-The first ofthese entertainments this season was celebrated on Thursday night, at the Argyll Rooms, under the direction of the celebrated Charles Wright. The name of that indefatigable purveyor of Champagne is so iden@ tified with all masquerades in the metropolis, that it is diffi cult to separate them and it, even in idea. His name needs only to be announced to attract all the lovers of fun. The rooms were well filled, and the various natives of ire, of air, of earth, of water, displayed themselves for the amusement of their friends and of themselves good humour and Wright's Sparkling were the main objects of attention. It has some@ times happened that the frequenters of these motley scenes have deemed laughter injurious to their health, if we might judge by their extreme abstinence from it. But the merry On theZfith ult in Sffiei,,, 1 x guests of Thursday evening seemed very gluttons in that Charloton, Es j. M.l ._a highly tafentai individual, mid whose amusement, and did not trouble themselves about what I a ' - 0 were ai i ainted with his disinterest evertmna u. crabbed critics might think. If they did only sometimes I please, at least they always had the desire to do so and those present generally gave them credit for the former, through the merits of the latter. We will here conclude by observing that Charles Wright has, with this masquerade, added a new i claim to the many he already possesses on public favour, BIRTH. On Friday week, at Canon Hall, near Barnsley, the lady of J. Spencer Stanhope, Esq. of a son and heir. MARRIACI??. On Wednesday last, at Sculcoatcs church, Mr. B. Lewis, cooper, to Miss Mary Skinn, both of this place. On Sunday week, at Christ's Church, by the Rev. John King, M.@A. Mr. Robert Harrison, of the Bail, Lincoln, to Miss Johnson, of the Ladies' Seminary, Sykes-street, in this town. On Thursday week, Mr. John Spence, of Halifax, gent, to Mrs. Hodgson, @?lict of the late John Hodgson, Esq. @ormerly of Hull. On Sunday week, at .St. Mary's @tBrch, Beverley, .Mr. George Mcdcalt, cooper, to Ann, eldest daughter of MY. E. Jones, all of that place. On Saturday week, at Lockington, by the Rev. Francis Lundy, Mr. W. Cook, to Rebecca, youngest daughter of Mr. Robert Hardy, all of the same place. On Tuesday last, at Grimsby, Mr. Bowen, exciseman, to Miss Mary Web@ ster, both of that place. On the 22d ult. at Eston in Cleveland, Mr. Wm. M'Cree, to Miss Bean. DEATHS. Last night, after an illness of only two hours, to the inexpresssible grief of@his family and friends, Mr. Thomas Randerson, taiior, aged 60. He was an honest, upright man, and will be sincerely regretted by all who knew him. On Sunday night, aged 52, universally regretted, Mr. George Scaum, of this town, formerly a respectable bookseller at Scarborough, and father to Mr. G. Scaum, bookseller, of Beverley. On the 26th ult. aged 49, Ann, the beloved and affectionate wife of Mr. v illiam Morlcy, merchant, of Doncaster. The calm serenity with which, through divine grace, she was enabled to meet death, server to soothe the grief of her bereaved family and mourning friends. At Colombo, Island of Ceylon, on the 30th Juno last, aged 24, Margaret@ the beloved wife of the Rev. Benjamin Clough, Wesleyan missionary, and daughter of Mr. William Morlcy, merchant, or Doncaster and though the climate made it necessary the interment should take place the next day, yet, with this short notice, so highly was she valued, that the greater imrt of the respectable European inhabitants of the city attended the funeral in deep mourning and Sir Richard Ottley, the Chief Justice, and some other '■ ntleinen of the colohv, have made preparations to erect a monument to her remembrance@ at their own expense, as a small token of the public estimation in which she was held during her residence of two years on the island. On Saturday morning, in Parliament-street, in this town, aged 57, Eliza@ beth, the wife of Mr. Peter Marshall, late of Scarborough. On Friday last, aged 69, Mr. Joseph Tumraon, of this place, broker upwards of forty years in the o nploy of Messrs. Smiths and Co. Gainsbro'. On Tuesday morning last, much respected, aged 66, Mr. George Long, of this place, schoolmaster. On Wednesday last, aged 12 months, R. S. Kirk, son of Mr. Kirk, of this town, draper. On Thursday last, aged 22, Thomas Boynton, son of Mr. Geo. Morlev, innkeeper, Market-place, in this town. On Sunday morning week, aged 22, Alfred, youngest son of Mr. George Cockman, of this town. At tlie Colleges of Glasgow and Edinburgh, he had attained very gratifying literary distinction, and proceeded to the degree of Master of Arts. Through a lingering decline, he evinced the most entire resignation to the divine will, with a calm and cheerful confidence of a blessed immortality. On Sunday week, in his 55th year, Robert Woodhouse. Esq. Plumian Professor in the University of Cambridge, and nephew to Dr. Alderson, of this town. On Wednesday last, much respected, aged 73, Mr. William Cash, of Beverley. On Wednesday morning last, after a long illness, aged 31, Charlotte, wife of Mr. Matthew Robinson, farmer, of South Cave. On the 18th ult. at Brandesburton, aged 29, Rebecca, eldest daughter of Mr. Henry Edmunds, late of the Cross Keys, at that place. Yesterday week, at Grimsby, Mr. James Goulton, of that place, merchant. ,.2?? nda y last Miti-Jane Close, daughter of the late Mr. Thos. Close, of Whitby, stonemason. On Tuesday last, Mrs. Marwood, widow of the late Mr. John Marwood. of Whitby, Ship-owner. On Christimus-day, after a long and painful affliction, borne with trulv Christian fortitude and exemp@hry patience, aged 5S, Helen, mother of Capt. Darling, at his residence, 1 horpe Bassett Academy, near Malton. h. V'i' ?? CT a protracted and severe illness, aged 50, Mrs. Shop, herd, wife of Mr. Wm. Shepherd, of Rawcliil! 4 JohnFnth, @@iV of Rose Hill, near Rotherham. On.th@cZOth ult. aged IJ, Mr. Ihomas Waites, of Sowerby, near Thirsk@ On the tilth ult. the Rev. Christopher Anstey, vicar@of Norton@ near stock@ ton, the reputed author of the Bath Guide. ' ear stock-33, Charles . uainted with his disinterested exertions in tlie cause of suffering humanity, is acknowledged to be a public lo s. T ' ' one daughter without cousin. She has only one SHIPPING XN'S'BM.XOSNOE. ARRIVALS At KtFL- 1 The M'.-nrettr l'rederi 'n, , firm this port@ At Copenhagen-The Fortuna, Bnkkcr, from this p r@@ At Hamburg-Tlie Hope, Fea Diadem,@Draper p.icl . t, Roach Gale, Briggs f Thornton, Hull ■, Active, Tucker all from this port@ At Antwerp-The Rebecca, Anderson, from this port. At Deal-The Georie .V Mien, Allison, from Charentc Frances@ Parker, from this port, for Ctnrcnte. Off Whitby, on the 28th ult.-The Foster, Bennett, from Quebec@ bound to this port. At Baiiia-The Express, Day,@from Gibraltar. At Helvoet-The Apollo, Fairborn, from this port. Off Maroatc-The Ipswich, Combs, from Mitaiuichi, returned@ having been driven off by the ice. In the Trxel-The Mereurius, Br.kker, from this port@ At Tonningen-Tho Sun, Tieman, from London to Luheck, Jonge Jurg n, Brulin, from Oxenzee to London both wWvAunagi. having been surrounded with ice. Winds at Ileal-Bee. 24, WSW. squally 25. W. to WSW., 26, SW. 27, WSW. Winds at Falmouth-Dee. 24, W. fresh beeezes and squally ,125, SW., 26, SW. fresh breezes. Coasters Arrived at Wiiitbv-Miry Ann, Foster Sneaton, Wilson from London. Smales, Grey Alert, Mowatt Oak, Hii'. from Hull. Yami, Hall Eleanor Sc Ann, Davison from Sunderland@ John and Mary, Miller Minerva, Barnard from Stockton. Union, Smith, from Newcastle. S@Ulers, Boulton, from Alloa. Coaste.-.s Sailed-Dispatch, Webster Sisters, Boulton for London. Yarm@ Mali, for Hull. Brighton, Dccemlrr 21.-The Spring, from Bombay, which was driven on shore near Pngham, has become a complete wreck. Barmouth, Dec. 19.-The Vine, Nixon, of Sotttii Shields, was run down on tlie night of tlie 17th inst. by the Brothers, Retd, of South Shields crew landed here. Dec. 21 -'The Leander, Webb, of Shields, struck Oil the Scroby Sand bust nigbt, but gut off, and was assisted i ri by a boat. The Hope, of Sunderland, went on tile Scroby last night and sunk. Crew and materials saved. Harwich, Dec. 21.-One of tlie three vessels reported on tlie 19th inst. to be on shore on the Gunflcct Sand, is tlie Vesta, Thompson, from Memel, to London she tills every tide materials likely to he saved. 7 p. m.-Two smacks have just arrived from tlie Guulieet with tallow and hides, being part of tlie cargo of the Brothers, Steward, from Petersburg, it is expected she will become a wreck, hut most part of tlie cargo will be saved. Liverpool, Dec. 24.-Tlie wreck of the ship Favourite supposed of Shields was fallen in with by the Ann Elizabeth, from Malaga to Boston. 'Limerick, Dec. 17.-A British-built vessel of about 250 tons, timber, laden, sides painted yellow, no ports or head, masts gone, water@ logged, and abandoned, was fallen ill with on tlie 5th inst. in Iat. 50@ long@ 30. by tlie Liverpool, Phillips, arrived here from Baltimore. Hemet, Dec. 15.-Tlie Union, Douglas, of Whitby, stranded here on the 29tli October, was entirely broken up by the heavy gale on the 9th and 10th instant. The weather is quite mild, and our harbour free from iee. Bremen, Dec. 14 -The Diligente, Menke, 1 which sailed on the 17th ult. for Hull, has put back with damage. Hamburg, lire. 11.-The Haabet, List, and the Apollo, Dunn, from Nordersluice to Hull, with oats, sailed thence on the 18th of@Octolier, and have not since been heard of. A trunk, with papers relative to the latter, has been washed on shore at Norden, East Friesland. Dec@ 14.-The Emma, Lamb, from Riga, ran aground on Sa@Uholms, has got off and put into Copenhagen. Texcl, Dectmbtr 17.-'The Science, Allen, from London to@Hambro@@ was totally lost on tlie 15th. Crew saved. Amsterdam, Dec. 15.-The Rika, Sir.it, which sailed on the 28th of October, from the Texcl for Hull, lias not since been heard of. The William, Dick, from Rotterdam to Dundee, has put back, damaged. Santa Crus, Tenerife, .Vov. 12.-Tiie Olyinpe, Quesnet, from Havre to Monte Video and liu r.os Ayres, was wrecked tlie end of last month on the coast of Africa. The passengers about 300, French@ English, Germans, and Swiss were saved by some Canary fishing boats, and brought @IrrFon the 7th instant. In tlie Buenos Ayres papers, under date October 13, it is stated that tlie Brazilian brig of war. Twenty-ninth of August, Captain Wilson, was lost near Colonia, a few days since. The Captain, sou of Sir Robert Wilson with tlie greater part of the crew, drowned. Douglas, Isle of.Wan, December 15- During the severe storms which have visited the coasts of the Isle of Man within the last week, the Swedish barque@Foriroender, of Carlscrona, Andrew Akerman master, from Marseilles, bound to Glasgow, with@a valuable cargo of madder, put into Derby haven, where she took on board a pilot ami four men in addition to lier crew of twelve, but during the violent gale of tlie loth inst. she was compelled to leave her anchor in that Bay, and endeavoured to reach Douglas harbour. Having failed in the attempt, she let go her remaining anchor, but from which she soon oiler drifted among tlie breakers on the outside of tlie dangerous iusulated rock of St. Mary, in Douglas Bay, and with the first stroke unshipped tier rudder, and lay in a very hazardous state. The life boat, tlie boat of his Majesty's cutter Swallow, and two harbour boats, put offto her assistance, it was flist attempted by means of hawsers to bring the vessel into port, hut on her striking on the rock sand bilging, this w as given up, and tlie life-boat by letting go her anchor to windward, and veering down upon the wreck, was enabled to take all the people and most ol their personal luggage from her lee bow the boat of the Swallow relieved her of part of them, and the whole were thus rescued and brought in safety to Douglas, where every requisite ac@ commodation was provided for them by the Isle of Man Shipwreck Association. Cn Tuesday a small part of her cargo was landed, but from the'Severity of tlie weather on Wednesday and Thursday, her masts were carried away, and tlie hull completely broken up. In the services rendered to tliis vessel, tlie boat of his Majestv s cruiser Swallow, was commanded by Lieut. Strugnell, R.N., who rendered every assistance in his power. Sir Wm. Hillary had with him in the life-boat Lieut. Gretrix, R.N , Lieut. Robinson, R.N., and Mr.@Hiliary. Mr. M'Meiken, agent lor packets, also attended in his boat@ A tribute •f respect is due to the prompt attention of the worthy Baronet, who was as usual the first@to@aid the wreck and save tiie crew.-Cumberland Parquet. Fort op Liverpool-On the 24th inst@ the half-yearly amount of the dock duties was made up. It presents the irmtifying feature of ar. increase over the corresponding half-year of 1826. hie number of vessels which have entered the port even exceed tlie corresponding hail-year of the celebrated year 1825. SOUND LIST. Ships Sf Captains From To Dec. 11. Vigilant, Thorp Riga Hull 12. Tertius, Brown Memel Ditto 13. Lord Nelson, Angus Riga Ditto 15. Jessy Watson, Cargill Ditto Ditto Ariadne, Ohlman Dantzig Ditto Minerva, Jordau Wyburg Ditto Elsinore, Dee. 18 -The Monarch, Harrison, of Whitby, from Memel, put into Copenhagen, leaky, on the 15th. The ships mentioned in our last remain. Winds-Dec. 9,@10, W@ ll, 12, S@ 13, S. to SE@ 14, 15, S. to SW. 18, SW. 17, W. 18, SW. HULL-FOREIGN ARRIVED@-From Lately, at Chesterfield, Dr. UaUclific, leaving father, mother, sister, or brother, uncle, aunt, or cc surviving relative, a grandfather. t .Jj? vL lf Vr ni Hubhn, aged 23, Miss Reid, only daughter of David 0™ '. Mdlbank, near K rmoy. She was to have been married to o@@t c Mrd Dragoon Guards, on Tuesday morning b . t . mBf i U h W °'A. Mo ' Kla y ni ht 8ct her night-dicus ©n lire, and @as ao dreadfully burnt that she expired two days alter. ITambro', Twist, Jameson Frank fort, Willows Hanibro', Bouch Ann, Walker. Quebec, Foster, Bennett. Iliya, Betsey Black, Forman. Terceira, Vine, Bali. Dec. 24. Alicant, Aurora, . FOREIGN SAILED.-For Dec. 27. Amsterdiim, Jonge David, Kup@-per. Antwerp, Etton, Vollans. COASTERS ARRIVED.-From Aberdeen, Fox, Gilbertson. Alcmoulh, Brothers, Marshall. Dublin, Vigilant, Evans. Dundee, Fife Packet, Buist. Glasgow, Gratitude, Dick. Leith, Hero, Scott John Watson, Tyrie. Lynn, Ellen, Hinchcliff Blag, don, Robinson Agenoria, Rip. pengale. COASTERS SAILED.-For Dec. 23. Hambro', Guard, Adam Irwell. Barron. Rotterdam, Providence Good In. tent, Atkinson. Dec. 29. Charente, York Merchant, Blake. London, Humber, Naylor. Newcastle, Margaret, Ramm, Emma, Stark. Scarbro', Ribston, Salmon. S@Hyo, Margaret, Finlay. Stockton, Cynthia, Mellanby. Sunderland, William and Mary, Barton. Yarmouth, Elizabeth and Mary, Pincher. Berwick, Argo, Hood. Burnham, Mayflower, Atkinson. Dundee, Tay, Wann. Leith, Trent, Calder Happy Re@ turn, Figgins. London, Mary, Chambers Man-@Chester, Cusworth Ebenezer, Dalton luo, Laverack. Lynn, Dove, Garner Endeavour, Hamilton Thomas and Ami, Hodgson@. Stockton, Argo, Evatts. Shields, Edward, Paul Friends, Henry Salacia, Grimston. Spalding, Bee, Townend Eliza, Tulley Blessing, Seymour. Sunderland, Wells Packet, Wabon, Planter, Woodhouse Thomas and William, Floodman. iVdls, Hopewell, Curson. Whitby, Alert, Mowatt Speed@ well, Clark. Yarmouth, Providence, Duffin. Jan 2. Wednesday 3. Thursday 4. Friday.... 5. Saturday.. 6. Sunday .. 7. Monday .. 8. Tuesday .. HIGH WATER Morning Tide. AT HULL. Evn. Tide. 41 past ft 0 .. 7 85 .. 7 H .. 8 43 .. 8 2ft .. J 0 .. 10 Feasts, Fasts, fyc. Full Moon. Epiphany. The Royal Charter Steam Packet, for Barton, sails daily at Ten in the forenoon, and at One and Four in the afternoon. - I t i an
[ GS_aligned] ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### could induce ################### to place themselves in hostile collision with the European powers This is inconceivable. The most deplorable part of the a@ﬀair is, that, although decisive evidence will be thus a@ﬀorded to the Sultan of the impartiality of the negociating powers, and of their determination to enforce the armistice on all hands, the destruction of the Greek naval force, is an occurrence so consonant to his wishes as to tend inevitably to inspire fresh hopes of the ultimate subjugation of Greece. The writer of one of the paragraphs communicating the intelligence, seems to believe that this event will oblige the Sultan to accept the intervention. We regret to say we see the a@ﬀair in a very di@ﬀerent light, and cannot but consider it as a most a@@ﬄicting piece of news, view it in what shape we will. The following extracts from the Gazette de France of Friday last, contain all that is at present known upon this important subject ############# 18.-Letters from Trieste announce that Admiral de Rigny has burnt, before Scio, the Greek @ﬂeet, which had refused to obey the in- junction of the 24th Oct. TRIESTE, DEC. 16.-Admiral de Rigny burnt the Greek @ﬂeet at Scio, after having summoned Fabvier to suspend hostilities. This news, which has caused the greatest sensation, is o@@ﬃcial. Our Governor has sent a courier to Vienna. VIENNA, DEC. 19.-News of the disaster of the Greek @ﬂeet, burnt by Ad- @miral Rigny, has arrived here. It is expected that this a@ﬀair will force, forcera , the Sultan to accept the intervention. The Vienna article of the 18th also states that letters from Odessa of the 7th, mention that accounts have been received from Constantinople that the Ambassadors had actually em- barked on the 1st ultimo. The Augsburg Gazette, however, states on the authority of news from the same place, that the Ambassadors were only preparing to embark on the 1st. It is certainly possible that both accounts may be correct, as the latter accounts may have been written at an earlier hour of the same day, and it may actually prove that the Ambas- sadors took their departure on the afternoon of that day.-We must therefore wait for further arrivals from Constanti- nople, before we entirely conclude that the die is cast. Letters from Malta, dated 1st ult. state that Admiral COD- RINGTON was making active preparations to put down the Greek pirates. Sir ############## in the Isis, and a squadron were ordered on that service. Letters received on Friday from St. Petersburgh, dated 10th ult. state that the late victory over the Persians, by the Russians, has led to a preliminary treaty of peace. The Rus‐ sians are to retain all the country to the north of the Araxes' and a small portion to the southward, and all the expenses of the war are to be borne by the Persians. This account is con@ﬁrmed by the French Papers. The building adjoining the Shambles at the end of Queen‐ street, intended for the new Corn Market, will be opened this day for public business. It possesses, we understand, every requisite for the purposes to which it is appropriated, in point of convenience. Thirty boxes are @ﬁtted up, to be let at a certain sum per annum, wherein samples can be exhibited, and other business transacted. The subscribers and friends to the institution celebrate the opening of the building by a dinner at the Kingston Hotel this day. ########################### second Ball this season took place last evening at the Assembly Rooms, in North‐ street. The company consisted of upwards of 130 individuals, comprising a large proportion of the wealth, beauty, and fashion of this district of our extensive and populous county. Dancing was kept up with spirit till half‐past three in the morning, when the party separated, anticipating a renewal of the pleasures of the sprightly scene, at the next merry meeting. ################# will be seen, by an advertisement in another column, that this young lady's Concert takes place tomorrow evening. The selection comprises some very beautiful compositions, and altogether the performance promises to be of a highly popular character. We feel convinced that Miss B. will not fail, on this occasion, to receive the support to which her talents and laudable anxiety to please at all times, so amply entitle her. Mr. Calvert, of the Hull Theatre, we observe, has noti@ﬁed his intention of delivering a course of Lectures on Elocution, at the Exchange Room, to commence on the 12th instant. The Literary and Philosophical Society have evinced the estimation in which they hold the talent of Mr. C. by giving their sanction to the undertaking @we feel assured, under these circumstances, that the success of this gentleman, upon the occasion in question, will be fully adequate to the opinion so generally entertained of his ability. MISS FOOTE.-We very much regret that the friends of the above lady, whose talents we admire, should think it neces- sary to propagate the most absurd and fulsome pu@@ﬀs in her praise. Such conduct is unwise, as well as unjust to the public, and can be of no service to Miss F. Our attention has been called to this subject by observing a long article in two London papers, dated from this town, and quoted at the bottom Hull Paper, full of the most contemptible false- hoods, not one word of which ever appeared in any paper published here. The article commences by telling the reader that in the olden time these are the very words used , the taste for theatricals was at a very low ebb in Hull, but that Miss Foote and Mr. Downe had contrived to infuse a new and better feeling ! This is merely ridiculous but the next statement, unless the o@ﬀspring of the grossest ignorance, is a wilful lie it says, on her last year's visit Miss F. received 300 guineas for six nights, besides having the grati- ﬁcation of placing a large sum at the disposal of the treasury. Miss F. as most of our readers know, was never engaged in Hull until the present season, and therefore could neither receive 300 guineas on her last year's visit, nor aid the trea- sury by leaving any sum at its disposal ! The paragraph then states that Miss F. played Juliet and Maria Darlington four nights@! that every box was taken for four nights ! and that she sung Buy a broom three times i. e. had a double encore on each night of her performance! False, every word! We repeat, that such impudent trash as the above can be of no service to Miss Foote, and it would be prudent in that lady to suggest to her friends, how little necessity there can be for them to push their zeal to such unjusti@ﬁable lengths. On Wednesday last, a boy named Thomas Brown, was pushing a boat o@ﬀ from the vessel on which he was standing in the Old Harbour, when he unfortunately lost his balance and fell into the water, between the vessel and the boat, and was drowned. The body was not found till Saturday, and an inquest was held over it the same day, before George Coulson, Esq. coroner, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. The deceased was about eleven years old. Yesterday, at the Mansion‐House, Mr. S. Alcock was con- victed in treble costs, for levying a distress to the amount of 12s. @6d. and charging costs thereon 6s. @6d., being 1s. more than the rate @ﬁxed by Act of Parliament.ament. A young gentleman, whose parents reside in this neighbaur‐ hood, was lately paying them a visit. Being a pupil of Christ's Hospital, at Hertford, he had come home arrayed in the ugly and outlandish costume worn by the boys of that establishment, and while here, frequently took his walks in t@he same garments. In one of these rambles, he was discovered by two countrymen who had never seen anything so strange before. His long blue‐gown, leathern‐girdle, yellow stockings, indispensables of the same extraordinary complexion, and want of a hat, partly convinced them that he was some unfortunate maniac who had escaped from the Hull Refuge. They deter- mined therefore to interrogate him, and should his language correspond with the strangeness of his appearance, they agreed to take him into custody. With this intention they went up to the object of their solicitude, and one of them asked who he was. The lad, having a mind to astonish the natives, answered in Latin, puer sum. Poor Sam, indeed ! said one of the rustics, we are very sorry for you, but must see you properly looked after. His answer had con@ﬁrmed their suspicions, and they forthwith very uncere‐ moniously dragged him to the nearest village, where the party was met by one of the youth's friends, and he was fortunately rescued from the nervous grasp of his self‐con- stituted guardians@@@@@@@@. An ox of extraordinary weight and beauty was slaughtered at Market Weighton, on the 22d of December, by Mr. Robert Tindale. He was bought of Mr. James Bradley, of Etton, had been drawn and fed by Lord Faversham, and was of his Lordship's short horned breed. He was six years old, and it is only eighteen months since he worked in the team. @He walked @ﬁfty miles as nimble as though he had not been fatted, and was thought to be the handsomest ox ever slaughtered. WeightFore quarter, 72 stone 31b. hind quarter, 51 st. 5lb. loose fat, 20 st. hide, 8 st. 10lb. -152 st. 4 lb.-14lb. to the stone@@@@@@. It is intended to apply to Parliament for power to make a canal from the river Don, at Balley, near Doncaster, through the townships of Cantley, Awkley, and Finningly, to join the Bicker Dike, which empties itself into the Trent, at Stock‐ with, about four miles below Gainsbro'.'. The Marquess and Marchioness of Wellesley arrived at Holyhead on Saturday week, from Dublin. Charles Mathews was to commence his engagement at Drury‐lane theatre last night, in his character of @Buskin in Killing no Murder. ########################## constant encroachment of the sea is visible on the cli@ﬀ between Bridlington and Barm‐ ston, estimated at about six feet per annum. This regularly progressive destruction has, however, been carried so far be- yond its customary line, within the last six weeks, as to cause rather an extraordinary sensation in those best acquainted #################### of a similar kind. In some places 15 feet, in others 20, and even 30 feet from the cli@ﬀ, the carriage road along this part of the country has passed away within the last month and, for nearly half a mile, this road has lately rolled do@wn into the sea, to be deposited nobody knows where. The contiguous land, lately supported by the cli@ﬀ, is now to be seen, much loosened by the loss of its wall, and in a dis- located state for many yards from the cli@ﬀ‐top whether these broken portions are destined to fall quickly, or to remain another year, is a question of little consequence they must soon be mingled in confusion. The appearance, at pre- sent, is as that occasioned by an earthquake. A temporary road is made between the undisturbed points and a new road is in a forward state of preparation. Much damage has of late been done all along the eastern coast of Su@ﬀolk from Aldborough to Lowesto@ﬀe, in conse- quence of an unusually high tide, accompanied by a violent gale of wind. At Easton farm, full four acres of land, the property of Sir T. Gooch, Bart@ and a part of it with a growing crop of turnips, were carried into the sea. So violent have been the attacks of the watery element on this spot, that during the occupation of the present tenant more than forty acres have been taken away by the same means. The inhabit- ants of the little town of Sout@hwold, situated on the coast about a mile to the south‐west from Easton Cli@ﬀ for many years past the summer resort of much company were at the same time thrown into great consternation and alarm. The sea rolling tremendously against the Gun‐hill-the favourite walk and most fashionable part of the town-a great part of it was washed away, and so undermined that large masses of the hill fell down. A public walk, called the Ladies' Walk, is entirely destroyed and serious apprehensions are enter- tained for the safety of many valuable houses near the sea, should there be a recurrence of a similar visitation.-Su@ﬀolk Herald. On Friday last, Mr. W. Thompson, of Dri@@ﬃeld, was robbed of notes to the amount of £12, in the passage of the Fleece Inn, to the Market‐Place. A woman named Mary Price was apprehended a few hours after, by Taylor, one of our police, and was fully committed on the following day, to take her trial for the o@ﬀence at the approaching Sessions. Most of the money was found in her possession. The Annual Meeting of the Members of the Lyceum, was held at their room in Parliament‐street, on Monday evening, Mr. Henwood, the President, in the chair who introduced the business of the evening by referring to the increasing prosperity of the institution. The whole debt, now amount- ing to only £30, could be discharged at any time the society thought proper to pay o@ﬀ the remaining shares a much greater number of books had been admitted during the past year, than in any former one since the institution commenced. As twenty‐one years have elapsed since the @ﬁrst establish- ment of the society, it was proposed by John Crosse, Esq. that the members should dine together at an early oppor- tunity, to commemorate the event, which was cordially agreed to. The following gentlemen were elected to serve upon the Committee for the ensuing year - Mr. James Henwood, Mr. George Locking, John Crosse, Esq. F.S.A. Mr. John Exley, Rev. James Colquhoun, Rev. William Wilson, Dr. C. Alderson, Mr. Thomas Buchanan, C. M. and Mr. Wm. Gardner. Those marked were re‐elected . The society at present consists of 257 members. Mr. William Richmond, the President of the Ship‐owners' Society, North Shields, has this last week addressed a long letter to the Honourable H. T. Liddell, M. P. for Northumber- land, upon the su@ﬀerings of British ship‐owners. In some points those two gentlemen's opinions are at variance. On Thursday morning, an attempt was made to rob the horse‐post from Thirsk to Boroughbridge, by two ru@@ﬃans, one of whom seized the reins of the horse, and the other struck the rider so violent a blow as nearly to force him from the saddle. The villain who had seized the reins, however, lost his hold, and the rider escaped with the letter bags in safety. The town of Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, on Wednesday, Thurs- day, and Friday in the week before last, was in a most extraordi- nary state of excitation, from the discovery of the exhumation of several bodies from the church‐yard of that parish, by a gang of resurrection men. It is supposed there have not been less than twenty bodies removed, as well as many others from the neighbouring church‐yards. Two of the resurrection men are in custody. We understand that, within a few days, accounts, if possible still more disheartening than before, as to the American a@ﬀairs of Messrs. Jeremiah and William Thompson, of Rawden, have reached this country.-Leeds Intelligencer. THE WEATHER -Such is the present unprecedented mild- ness of the weather, that we are informed gooseberries are at present forming upon some trees in this neighbourhood.-Daisies were gathered upon one of the highest hills in this vicinity on Wednesday.-Bradford Courier. An accident occurred on Wednesday evening during the performance at Mr. Powell's Circus, in @Bridge‐street,@ Brad- ford. In consequence of the crowded state of the gallery, one of the supporters broke, and part of the @ﬂooring gave way. Several females fainted from fear, but not the slightest injury was sustained by any of the audience. On Tuesday evening last, as Richard Parkinson, overlooker to Messrs. Richard Fawcett and Son, of Bradford, was return- ing from Horton to Bradford, about seven o'clock, he was stopped at Clay@ton‐lane‐end, near Manville House, by four men, who seized him and threw him down. After attempting to stop his mouth, they proceeded to ri@ﬂe his pockets, but providentially they did not succeed in accomplishing their@@@@@@@ purpose. The @ﬁnal resolution is now taken by the parties interested in the intended navigable canal from Wake@ﬁeld to Ferrybridge, to apply to Parliament during the ensuing session, for an act to make and maintain such canal. The struggle in Parliament last session between the Aire and Calder Company and the Wake@ﬁeld and Ferry bridge Company was most arduous, 130 members having voted for the new canal, and 135 against it, constituting a larger number of members than was ever before known to assemble in the House of Commons to vote on an inland navigation bill.-Bradford ################################# poachers in this part of the country have now hit upon the expedient of congregating in great numbers, for the purpose of intimidating those who have the care of game pre- serves. A body of sixty or seventy men assembled in this way and went to Templenewsam, near this town, the seat of the Marchioness of Hertford, on t@he night of yesterday week, ten of whom were armed with guns, and the rest with sticks and bludgeons. The residents of the mansion, of course heard what was going on in the grounds, for the plunderers shot game within @ﬁve yards of it, but the inmates per- ceiving w@hat vast numbers were assembled, and there being compa- ratively few keepers and watchers at hand, they did not venture to o@ﬀer any resistance. The poachers were therefore allowed to proceed in their depredations, and they brought away no small quantity of Christmas presents. Early in the morning of Thursday an express was sent o@ﬀ to Leeds for assistance, but the only civil power on duty were the watchmen, upwards of thirty of whom collected at six o'clock, the time at which they go o@ﬀ their rounds, and were despatched to Templenewsam by di@ﬀerent routes. The poachers had, in all proba- bility, left the grounds before t@heir arrival, or had retired in a di@ﬀerent direction to that in which the watchmen approached, for the poachers and the watchmen never came in contact with each other, or it is probable the result might have been serious. We have not heard that any of the party have been apprehended. Two poachers, being part of a gang from the neighbourhood of Dewsbury, were apprehended on the grounds of J. C. Brandling, Esq. of Middleton Lodge, near this town, on the night of Sunday week one of them had two pheasants in his possession, and the other w@as lying upon a gun. On Tuesday they were taken before the West Riding magistrates, assembling at the o@@ﬃce of Messrs. Smith and Hutchinson, in this town, when the man who was found lying on @his gun was dismissed, because it was not in his hand, and the other was @ﬁned £5.-Leeds Intelligencer. Several very bold attempts at robbery, independently of small pilferings, have occurred in Lincoln lately. On Friday night week, a noise was heard by one of the @neighbours as of persons moving about in the back yard of Messrs. Norton and Whitton, near the waterside, and in the morning it was found that a most persevering attack had been made on the count- ing‐house the door, a remarkably solid one, had resisted the e@ﬀorts of the thieves, though much broken, and some of its bolts undone, yet owing to an ingenious patent lock no entry could be made. It is supposed that the thieves must have been occupied for an hour in these attempts, and that a chance light in a neighbouring tenement caused them to desist.-About nine o'clock on the same night, Mr. R. Hoyle, farmer, of Heighington, was struck a violent blow by some unseen person, near the National School, and being made insensible thereby, was robbed of about £16, retaining his watchandabout £3. On Saturday night week, the warehouse lately belong- ing to Mr. Cuttill, but now to Messrs. Hooker and Co., on Brayford Wharf, was broken into, and some leather stolen, of comparatively small value it is fortunate that the warehouse was almost empty had two vessels been unladen, which had arrived the same day, a rich booty would have been obtained. There is reason to suppose that the thieves in most of these instances are inhabitants, especially in the last‐mentioned, as some time ago, a very powerful and ferocious dog, which had belongedto Mr. Cuttill, and had been long a safeguard to the premises, was poisoned. The Magistrates of Newcastle have forwarded a representa- tion to the Duke of Northumberland, Lord Lieutenant of the county, that if the Newcastle Yeomanry Cavalry are dis- banded, a larger military force will be requisite there. The Marquis of Cleveland has disbanded the South Tyne Hussars. The remainder of the Local and Provincial Intelligence will be found in the last page.@ ######################### Monday morning the 17th ult. a young man, a foreigner, Trapp by name, a native of Hamburgh, clerk in a German house in Manchester, put a period to his existence. He @ﬁrst took laudanum, then shot himself with a pistol, and lastly stabbed himself with a stiletto. THE THEATRE. On Wednesday evening, Miss Love, a lady who has obtained considerable celebrity in the metropolis, by her sprightly and versatile talents as a comedian, as well as by her@vocal abilities, made her @ﬁrst appearance at our Theatre, in pursuance of an engagement for @ﬁve nights, entered into with Mr. Downe. The character selected for her debut ############################################### have the melancholy duty of adding the following to the list of barbarous murders which have of late been perpetrated in various parts of the country. On Saturday evening, about half past eleven, the body of a young man, named Harms- worth, was found on the road side between Titch@ﬁeld and Fareham, in Hampshire, most barbarously mangled. Several ##################################### a spirit and @vivacity of manner that produced a very striking impres- sion upon the audience, and sang several songs in the most bewitching style that can be imagined, evincing at the same time the precision and taste of a @ﬁnished vocalist. Her voice is clear, powerful, and melodious, the lower tones particularly full and sweet, with a @ﬂexibility that enables her to execute passages of rapidity with ease and certainty. Her mode of giving a run of consecutive tones from the highest pitch of her voice, terminating @ﬁrmly on a note of extraordinary depth for a female, was much admired, and drew frequent plaudits from the house. Most of her songs were unanimously encored. I've been roaming, Why are you wandering, in the play, and the Light guitar in the afterpiece, were strikingly e@ﬀective. Mr. Downe in Admiral Franklin, and Mr. Dodd in Billy Lackaday, played with their usual talent, and kept the andience in high good humour. Miss Davies in the part of Eugenia, exhibited much ability in the delicacy and pathos with which she made her appeal to the Admiral as the daughter of his old friend. The afterpiece, Giovanni in London, was extremely well got up, and @@aﬀorded Miss Love an opportunity of displaying her peculiar talents to # ### advantage. As the hero of the piece, the rakish Don, she # ### and spirit personi@ﬁed. Her every look, word, and motion. ##### with sparkling vivacity. Indeed, we do not recollect to have seen on any stage a lady who possesses the spirit and animation of Miss Love @@certainly not one who, with a high cul- tivation of the musical art, combines every requisite for a @ﬁrst‐rate comic actress. Her Buy a broom in the character of a Bavarian peasant, was exquisite. This is a composition written expressly for her, and di@ﬀering toto coelo from the songs with that title given by some of her contempo‐ raries. She sings it with peculiar and irresistible humour, and imitates the voice and manner of the itinerant vender to the very life. Miss L. ap- peared last week, as Young Meadows in Love in a Village, Maria in Of Age To‐Morrow, Rosalind in As You Like It, and Paul in Paul and Virginia, and was in all these characters eminently successful. Last night she personated Zelinda in The S@lave, and repeated the character of @Don Giovanni, with increased applause. SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. CHASE, @c. The Holderness Fox Hounds, meet at Danthorpe, this day, J@an. 1 at Scorbro', on Thursday and at Beeford on Saturday-each day at eleven o'clock. Sir Tatton Sykes' Fox Hounds, meet at Bishop Wilton Beacon on ###################### nesday, Jan. 2 and at ############# o'clock. Lord Yarborough's Fox ############################### on Wednesday, Jan. 2, at Melton Low Wood on Friday at Elkington Cow Pasture and on Saturday at Thornton College-each day at Eleven o'clock ##################################################### stabs appeared in various parts @of the body, one of his ears was cut o@ﬀ, and the head nearly severed from the trunk.-The following particulars have transpired -The unfortunate young man was of the most sober and ino@ﬀensive habits, and worked as a journeyman bricklayer at Gosport. His master, owing to the scarcity of employment during the winter, had discharged all his workmen except the deceased. This pre- ference, on the part of the master, had given rise to the most bitter animosity towards Harmsworth, in the breasts of his fellow‐workmen. On Saturday evening, they vowed ven- geance,and one of them, by name Sheppard, followed him from Gosport, towards his home near Titch@ﬁeld, with oaths and imprecation@. He entered a public‐house on the road, and borrowed a knife for the purpose of eating provisions @he had with him, which knife was found lodged in the throat of the deceased, and has been identi@ﬁed by the landlord as the one furnished by him to Sheppard. His hands, when he was taken into custody, were found covered with tar but the surgeon discovered, beneath the @ﬁnger nails, remains of blood and gore. His shirt‐sleeves, also, had been just washed. The prisoner's agitation was excessive. The occurrence has occa- sioned an extraordinary sensation in this part of Hampshire. -Morning paper. ###################### the 12th ult. Margaret Parr, residing in College‐lane, near St. Helen's, was brought before two of his Majesty's justices of the peace, charged with having destroyed an infant, to wh@ich she had lately given birth.-Col. Williams, of Woolton, received information of the a@ﬀair in an anonymous letter. She, for a long time, persisted in asserting her innocence but, when the evidence against her became too strong for further denial, she admitted that she had had a child, and had destroyed it by putting it on the # Though this hellish deed had been perpetrated a fortnight previous to her apprehension, the constable found, in the ash- hole, a part of the back and shin bones, which he afterwards produced in evidence before the court. The daemon of a mother was @ﬁnally committed to Lancaster Castle, to take her trial. -Liverpool Mercury. ################## Monday evening, some daring ru@@ﬃan discharged a blunderbuss loaded with slugs, against a window of the drawing‐room of Count Munster's house, at Putney Hill. The family, of course, were greatly alarmed the slugs broke eleven panes of glass, and lodged in the shutters, which were closed at the time. A gig or light cart was heard to drive o@ﬀ in a gallop after the shot but in con- sequence of the confusion it caused was not pursued. A ####################### most extraordinary caprice of nature occurred in this town Taunton on Sunday morn ing last, in the birth of a female child having two distinet and perfectly‐formed faces. Elizabeth Verrier, the mother of the child, is the wife of a carpenter, residing in Ho@lway‐lane. She had, previously, seven healthy children, none of them exhibiting the least deviation from ordinary nature. In the present instance there was no prematurity of birth the child lived three quarters of an hour, and in the course of that period cried very audibly three times. Every component part of the faces is distinctly formed in each, and both of them present the pleasing countenances of two @ﬁne babes. At that part of one of the faces where the usual formation of the ear takes place, the additional face commences, with a slight un- dulation towards the cheek of the second face, which then proceeds through all its regular features until it terminates at the left ear-so that the face on the right side has one ear, and the face on the left one also. The space on the back of the head is, from the encroachment of the faces, very limited but it is, as well as the upper part of the head, covered with hair. In all other respects the child is regularly formed.-Taunton Courier. ########################### little before three o'clock this morning, Tuesday a cry of @ﬁre from several voices aroused the neighbourhood of York‐House. The @ﬁre @ﬁrst made its appearance from a window or aperture under the lofty gateway of York House yard. It is supposed to have originated in the upper room of Mr. Simpkins, saddler, who occupies the house fronting Broad‐street, on the right hand side of the gateway. The strength of the @ﬂames from this aperture was evidently very powerful, as if the @ﬁre had been sti@ﬂed for some time until it had gained a current which enabled it to burst forth with terri@ﬁc fury. The proprietor of York House, Mr. Reilly, and his sons, were immediately aroused, and were with the utmost promptitude on the spot. The inmates of the bedchambers were also quickly down stairs, with their luggage. The engines were shortly brought, and the various reservoirs of water # the neighbourhood were soon opened. The @ﬁre, however, increased until the whole of the immense pile of buildings including the shops of Mr. Simpkins, and Mr. Knight, broker, which are under the ball- room were in one devouring blaze ! Mr. Reilly's plate was all saved. We hear that the stock and furniture were ############################################################# Entrance in Church‐L@ane, and@@ fronting the Market‐Place, at present in the occupation of Messrs. EGLIN ################### particulars inquire at No. 16, Market‐Place. Hull, Dec. 24, 1827. @@EAGLE LIFE ASSURANCE ASSOCIATION, 83, CORN@HILL, AND 10, WAT@ERLOO‐PLACE, ESTABLISHED 1807. Distinct@ Tables for Male and Female Life. T HE Directors have caused New Tables to be calculated, on which the relative values of the Lives of the two sexes are, at all ages, distinguished, in consequence of this improvement. The Younger Male Lives are insured at premiums below the ordinary rates. The Female Lives at rates lower than any other O@@ﬃce. Life Assurance may be e@ﬀected for North and South America@ for t@he East Indies, for any of the British Colonies or Garrisons, for a continual or an especial Maritime risk, for the whole of Life, or for the duration of any Military, Civil, or Diplomatic Duty. Four@‐ﬁfths of the Pro@ﬁts are divided among the Assured, whether at Home or Abroad. HENRY P. SMITH, Actuary. Agent for ############### o'cl@ock BETTING AT TATTERS@ALL'S, THURSDAY. Mr. Thornhill's Merchant, and Sir T. Mostyn's Ultimatum, increased the St. Leger @ﬁeld, to‐day, and were backed to a considerable amount.-Johanna Southcote not yet named for it was also backed. The north country nomination for the St. Leger is not yet very great. The odds closed thus -DERBY.-7 to 1 agst Merchant 9 to 1 agst The Colonel 11 to 1 agst Sorcery colt 15 to 1 agst Druid 20 to 1 agst Shoveler colt 22 to 1 agst Folly colt 22 to 1 agst Amy colt @@22 to agst Johanna Southcote celt 24 to 1 agst. Mariner 25 to 1 agst each of Lord Grosvenor's 25 to 1 agst Omen 25 to 1 agst any other@@. 500 to 400 Johanna Southcote agst Amy, taken . ST. LEGER.-The only horses backed were-25 to 1 agst Merchant taken . 30 to @1 agst Ultimatum, taken . 50 to 1 agst Stapleton taken . 50 to 1 agst Johanna Southcote colt taken . @Lord Lowther's Derby colt, Punster, is dead. Mr. Payne's Derby colt by S@molensko, out of Lady Ern, is gone to Van Dieman's Land. Sir Bellingham Graham and Mr. Best, members of the Malton Coursing Society, have purchased, of Mr. Hassall, at the price of ﬁft@y guineas, the celebrated greyhound, Hercules. He has been beaten only @ﬁve times out of thirty‐four courses, that he has run at the meetings of established Coursing Societies. He has won three cups, and one goblet. #################### following draft from Lord Southampton's stud was sold by Messrs. Tattersall, on Monday week' Silvertail, £126 Edwin, £23 10s. Exchange, £73 @10s. Mountaineer, £59 17s. Ashton, £45 3s. Hotspur, £50 Strawberry, £64 1@s. Rubena, by Rubens, out of Louisa, by Pegasus, was bought in. All the horses are well known in Leicestershire. THE RING. ##################### second deposit for this @ﬁght was made good on Wednesday evening, at Josh. Hudson's, Half Moon Tap, Leadenhall- market. The odds on Ned Neal are 7 to 4, and 2 to 1. The @ﬁght is to take place on the 11th of March. BROWN of Bridgnorth ######################### men are matched for £250 a‐side the @ﬁght to come o@ﬀ half way between Birmingham and Bridgnorth, on Tuesday the 8th of April, Easter Tuesday. The parties met on Monday evening, at the Woodman, Birmingham, in consequence of an invitation from Brown. Sampson is the favorite with the Bru@mma‐ gem Fancy, who have thus taken the lead of the Londoners, and robbed Jem Ward ofhis chance. JACK CARTER, once a candidate for the championship, will be discharged from the hulks at Chatham, in a few days. He solemnly protests his inno- cence of the crime of which he was found guilty-that of stealing a coach parcel and promises to make that innocence apparent to the world. MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. The King has presented the Birmingham Musical Festival Committee with a copy of Dr. Arnold's valuable edition of Handel's Works, in 43 folio volumes. Don Miguel was hourly expected at Gravesend, ##### ad not arrived on Saturday afternoon. It is not generally known that his late Royal Highness the Duke of York left a family of a son and daughter, the latter of whom is married, and is the @mother of some most beautiful children, whose likeness to their grandfather is very ################################################################################################ thus fallen a prey to the destructive element, may be ################################################# his re- turn to this country. Before quitting the Irish metropolis, he was splendidly entertained at a public dinner, given by the Roman Catholics. The Gazette of Friday night contains some diplomatic appointments, of which the chief are, that of Sir W. A'Court from Portugal to St. Petersburgh, and that of Sir F. Lamb, with a step in rank, from Spain to Portugal. Poor Mr. Ex‐Sheri@ﬀ Parkins is con@ﬁned with a broken leg, which he got in a wrestling bout with a fellow lodger at an hotel in this city.-Letter from Quebec. ##################### understand that the produce of the revenue during the present quarter, up to the beginning of the week, is less by upwards of £300,000 than in the cor- responding quarter of last year.-Chronicle. On the above subject, the Times says-The belief prevails that the quarterly accounts will exhibit a considerable de@ﬁciency, as compared with the corresponding quarterly return of the preceding year. The Watchman says the de@ﬁciency will be £400,000 and the Standard, £600,000. We understand that a further exportation of about 180,000 ounces of silver coin took place on Saturday last, by a vessel which left the river for Calais on that day. There was also about 2,000 ounces of gold bullion sent to Rotterdam at the same time. Nearly the whole of the above quantity has been shipped through the medium of an agent of Mr. Rothschild.-Globe of Wednesday. The business of the branch of the Bank of England, estab‐ lished at Exeter, commenced on Monday morning week, at their banking‐house, Southernhay‐place, under the charge of H. P. Hyde, Esq. agent, and G. C. Holroyd, Esq. sub‐agent.-This is one of the places which lately memorialized against a branch being established there. ######################## Two bunches a penny prim- roses ! was crying on Monday morning week at Newington and several parts of London. The Thames Tunnel Company have obtained a loan from government, with interest at only two per cent., su@@ﬃcient for the completion of the undertaking. A new code of signals is to be brought into general use in the navy, as soon as possible. ################################################## ten days ago, Mr. Martyn, an engraver in Holborn, received a letter by the post, dated Darlington, Durham, signed James Brown, stating that the writer could give him a lucrative order, the particulars of which could not be communicated, unless he @ﬁrst gave him a solemn assurance of inviolable secrecy. Mr. Martyn, after some consideration, showed it to Sir R. Birnie, who recommended him to promise secrecy, and request his correspondent to be more explicit. Mr. Martyn complied with the advice, and next post brought up an answer, inclosing a £1 note of the Sunderland Bank, an@d requesting that a note for plates exactly similar might be en- graved, as the writer had an opportunity of setting @ﬁve hun‐ dred of them a@ﬂoat, without fear of detection. This letter, with its inclosure, was handed to Sir R. Birnie, who imme- diately held a conference with Mr. Gates, solicitor to the Committee of Bankers, the result of which was, that Taunton, the o@@ﬃcer, was sent to Darlington, where he succeeded in apprehending the writer and on searching his lodging, found the letter which Mr. Martyn had written, and a seal corres- ponding with the impression on those he had received.-Taunton has not yet returned, nor has any advice of an examination of the prisoner in the country been received.-London Paper. The Newcastle Courant states, that the de- linquent's name is Edward Brown, and that he is a sur- geon in respectable ################################################################# 70 in height. The whole of the costly furniture and e@ﬀects in this extensive range was destroyed so that the premises are now a mere shell. Mr. Dallimore's loss, of the Turk's Head, must be very considerable, as nearly all the furniture was destroyed,@@ and seven or eight pieces of strong beer, containing from 2 to 3000 gallons each, which were in his cellars, burst, and of @@course the contents were lost. A quantity of malt and hops was also consumed. @Half‐past 12 p. m.-Since writing the above, the part of the building above the saddler's shop, which was of great height, has fallen in with a tremendous crash. No injury done.-Bath Gazette, Dec. 25. HULL GENERAL INFIRMARY. IN‐PATIENTS.S. ################################################################################################ by the House‐surgeon ... 15. Dr. Alderson, Physician-Mr. Young, Surgeon. Mr. Robert Corlass, Ho@use‐visitor. Chaplain, Rev. J. ################################################### this season was celebrated on Thursday night, at the Argyll Rooms, under the direction of the celebrated Charles Wright. The name of that indefatigable purveyor of Champagne is so iden- ti@ﬁed with all masquerades in the metropolis, that it is di@ﬃ- cult to separate them and it, even in idea. His name needs only to be announced to attract all the lovers of fun. The rooms were well @ﬁlled, and the various natives of ﬁre, of air, of earth, of water, displayed themselves for the amusement of their friends and of themselves good humour and Wright's Sparkling were the main objects of attention. It has some- times happened that the frequenters of these motley scenes have deemed laughter injurious to their health, if we might judge by their extreme abstinence from it. But the ############################################# of Thursday evening seemed very gluttons in ############################################################################################################################################################################################ critics might think. If they did only sometimes @@please, at least they always had the desire to do so and those present generally gave them credit for the former, through the merits of the latter. We will here conclude by observing that Charles Wright has, with this masquerade, added a new@@ claim to the many he already possesses on public ############################################################ the lady of J. Spencer Stanhope, Esq. of a son and heir. MARRIA@GES. On Wednesday last, at Sculcoates church, Mr. B. Lewis, cooper, to Miss Mary Skinn, both of this place. On Sunday week, at Christ's Church, by the Rev. John King, M. A. Mr. Robert Harrison, of the Bail, Lincoln, to Miss Johnson, of the Ladies' Seminary, Sykes‐street, in this town. On Thursday week, Mr. John Spence, of Halifax, gent. to Mrs. Hodgson, relict of the late John Hodgson, Esq. formerly of Hull. On Sunday week, at @St. Mary's Church, Beverley, @Mr. George Medcalt, cooper, to Ann, eldest daughter of Mr. E. Jones, all of that place. On Saturday week, at Lockington, by the Rev. Francis Lundy, Mr. W. Cook, to Rebecca, youngest daughter of Mr. Robert Hardy, all of the same place. On Tuesday last, at Grimsby, Mr. Bowen, exciseman, to Miss Mary Web- ster, both of that place. On the 22d ult. at Eston in Cleveland, Mr. Wm. M'Cree, to Miss Bean. DEATHS. Last night, after an illness of only two hours, to the inexpresssible grief of his family and friends, Mr. Thomas Randerson, tailor, aged 60. He was an honest, upright man, and will be sincerely regretted by all who knew him. On Sunday night, aged 52, universally regretted, Mr. George Scaum, of this town, formerly a respectable bookseller at Scarborough, and father to Mr. G. Scaum, bookseller, of Beverley. On the 16th ult. aged 49, Ann, the beloved and a@ﬀectionate wife of Mr. @William Morley, merchant, of Doncaster. The calm serenity with which, through divine grace, she was enabled to meet death, serves to soothe the grief of her bereaved family and mourning friends. At Colombo, Island of Ceylon, on the 30th June last, aged 24, Margaret, the beloved wife of the Rev, Benjamin Clough, Wesleyan missionary, and daughter of Mr. William Morley, merchant, of Doncaster and though the climate made it necessary the interment should take place the next day, yet, with this short notice, so highly was she valued, that the greater part of the respectable European inhabitants of the city attended the funeral in deep mourning and Sir Richard Ottley, the Chief Justice, and some other @gentle@men of the colony, have made preparations to erect a monument to her remembrance, at their own expense, as a small token of the public estimation in which she was held during her residence of two years on the island. On Saturday morning, in Parliament‐street, in this town, aged 57, Eliza- beth, the wife of Mr. Peter Marshall, late of Scarborough. On Friday last, aged 68, Mr. Joseph Tum@mon, of this place, broker upwards of forty years in the @employ of Messrs. Smiths and Co. Gainsbro'. On Tuesday morning last, much respected, aged 66, Mr. George Leng, of this place, schoolmaster. On Wednesday last, aged 12 months, R. S. Kirk, son of Mr. Kirk, of this town, draper. On Thursday last, aged 22, Thomas Boynton, son of Mr. Geo. Morley, innkeeper, Market‐place, in this town. On Sunday morning week, aged 22, Alfred, youngest son of Mr. George Cookman, of this town. At t@he Colleges of Glasgow and Edinburgh, he had attained very gratifying literary distinction, and proceeded to the degree of Master of Arts. Through a lingering decline, he evinced the most entire resignation to the divine will, with a calm and cheerful con@ﬁdence of a blessed immortality. On Sunday week, in his 55th year, Robert Woodhouse, Esq. Plumian Professor in the University of Cambridge, and nephew to Dr. Alderson, of this town. On Wednesday last, much respected, aged 73, Mr. William Cash, of Beverley. On Wednesday morning last, after a long illness, aged 31, Charlotte, wife of Mr. Matthew Robinson, farmer, of South Cave. On the 18th ult. at Brandesburton, aged 28, Rebecca, eldest daughter of Mr. Henry Edmunds, late of the Cross Keys, at that place. Yesterday week, at Grimsby, Mr. James Goulton, of that place, merchant. @On ############ Miss Jane Close, daughter of the late Mr. Thos. Close, of Whitby, stonemason. On Tuesday last, Mrs. Marwood, widow of the late Mr. John Marwood, of Whitby, ship‐owner. On Christ@mas‐day, after a long and painful a@fﬂiction, borne with truly christian fortitude and exemplary patience, aged 58, Helen, mother of Capt. Darling, at his residence, @Thorpe Bassett Academy, near Malton. ############### protracted and severe illness, aged 59, Mrs. Shep- herd, wife of Mr. Wm. Shepherd, of ##################### Esq. of Rose Hill, near Rotherham. On the 20th ult. aged 23, Mr. Thomas Waites, of Sowerby, near Thirsk. On the @19th ult. the Rev. Christopher Anstey, vicar of Norton, near Stock- ton, the reputed author of the Bath Guide. ######################################################## exertions in t@he cause of su@ﬀering humanity, is acknowledged to be a public ##################################################################################################################### ############## from this port. ################# Fortuna, Bakker, from this port. ############### Hope, Fea Diadem, Draper P@ac@@ket, Roach Gale, Briggs @@Thornton, Hall @@@Active, Tucker all from this port. At ANTWERP-The Rebecca, Anderson, from this port. At DEAL-The ###### @@Ellen, Allison, from Charente Frances, Parker, from this port, for ############# WHITBY, on the 28th ult.-The Foster, Bennett, from Quebec, bound to this port. At BA@HIA-The Express, Day, from Gibraltar. At HELVOET-The Apollo, Fairburn, from this port. O@ﬀ MARGATE-The Ipswich, Combs, from Mira@michi, returned, having been driven o@ﬀ by the ice. In the TEXEL-The Mercurius, B@akker, from this port. ################ Sun, Tieman, from London to Lubeck, Jonge Jurgen, Bru@hn, from Oxenzee to London both ########## having been surrounded with ice. Winds at @Deal-Dec. 24, WSW. squally 25, W. to WSW.@ 26, SW. 27, WSW. Winds at Falmouth-Dec. 24, W. fresh beeezes and squally@, 25, SW., 26, SW. fresh breezes. ################################ Ann, Foster Sneaton, Wilson from London. Smales, Grey Alert, Mowatt Oak, H@ill from Hull. Yarm, Hall EIeanor@@@ Ann, Davison from Sunderland. John and Mary, Miller Minerva, Barnard from Stockton. Union, Smith, from Newcastle. Sisters, Boulton, from Alloa. ########################### Webster Sisters, Boulton for London. Yarm, Hall, for Hull. Brighton, December 21.-The Spring, from Bombay, which was driven on shore near Pagham, has become a complete wreck. Yarmouth, Dec. 19.-The Vine, Nixon, of So@ut@h Shields, was run down on t@he night of t@he 17th inst. by the Brothers, Reed, of South Shields crew landed here. Dec. 21.-@The Leander, Webb, of Shields, struck o@n the Scroby Sand last night, but got o@ﬀ, and was assisted i@@n by a boat. The Hope, of Sunderland, went on t@he Scroby last night and sunk. Crew and materials saved. Harwich, Dec. 21.-One of t@he three vessels reported on@@@@@ 19th inst. to be on shore on the Gun@ﬂeet Sand, is t@he Vesta, Thompson, from Memel, to London she @ﬁlls every tide materials likely to be saved. 7 p. m.-Two smacks have just arrived from t@he G@unﬂeet with tallow and hides, being part of t@he cargo of the Brothers, Steward, from Petersburg, it is expected she will become a wreck, but most part of t@he cargo will be saved. Liverpool, Dec. 24.-T@he wreck of the ship Favourite supposed of Shields was fallen in with by the Ann Elizabeth, from Malaga to Boston. @Limerick, Dec. 17.-A British‐built vessel of about 250 tons, timber- laden, sides painted yellow, no ports or head, masts gone, water‐ logged, and abandoned, was fallen i@n with on t@he 5th inst. in lat. 50. long. 30. by t@he Liverpool, Phillips, arrived here from Baltimore. Memel, Dec. 15.-T@he Union, Douglas, of Whitby, stranded here on the 29t@h October, was entirely broken up by the heavy gale on the 9th and 10th instant. The weather is quite mild, and our harbour free from ice. Bremen, Dec. 14.-The Diligente, Menke,@@ which sailed on the 17th ult. for Hull, has put back with damage. Hamburg, @Dec. 11.-The Haabet, List, and the Apollo, Dunn, from Nordersluice to Hull, with oats, sailed thence on the 18th of Octo@ber, and have not since been heard of. A trunk, with papers relative to the latter, has been washed on shore at Norden, East Friesland. Dec. 14.-The Emma, Lamb, from Riga, ran aground on Saltholms, has got o@ﬀ and put into Copenhagen. Texel, December 17.-@The Science, Allen, from London to Hambro , was totally lost on t@he 15th. Crew saved. Amsterdam, Dec. 15.-The Rika, S@@mit, which sailed on the 28th of October, from the Texel for Hull, @has not since been heard of. The William, Dick, from Rotterdam to Dundee, has put back, damaged. Santa Cruz, Teneriﬀe, @Nov. 12.-T@he Oly@mpe, Quesnel, from Havre to Monte Video and @Bu@enos Ayres, was wrecked t@he end of Iast month on the coast of Africa. The passengers about 300, French, English, Germans, and Swiss were saved by some Canary @ﬁshing boats, and brought here on the 7th instant. In t@he Buenos Ayres papers, under date October 13, it is stated that t@he Brazilian brig of war, Twenty‐ninth of August, Captain Wilson, was lost near Colonia, a few days since. The Captain, son of Sir Robert Wilson with t@he greater part of the crew, drowned. Douglas, Isle of Man, December 15.-During the severe storms which have visited the coasts of the Isle of Man within the last week, the Swedish barque Fortroender, of Carlserona, Andrew Akerman master, from Marseilles, bound to Glasgow, with a valuable cargo of madder, put into Derby haven, where she took on board a pilot and four men in addition to @her crew of twelve, but during the violent gale of t@he 10th inst. she was compelled to leave her anchor in that Bay, and endeavoured to reach Douglas harbour. Having failed in the attempt, she let go her remaining anchor, but from which she soon after drifted among t@he breakers on the outside of t@he dangerous insulated rock of St. Mary, in Douglas Bay, and with the @ﬁrst stroke unshipped @her rudder, and lay in a very hazardous state. The life boat, t@he boat of his Majesty's cutter Swallow, and two harbour boats, put oﬀ to her assistance. It was @@ﬁst attempted by means of hawsers to bring the vessel into port, but on her striking on the rock sand bilging, this w@as given up, and t@he life‐boat by letting go her anchor to windward, and veering down upon the wreck, was enabled to take all the people and most of their personal luggage from her lee bow the boat of the Swallow relieved her of part of them, and the whole were thus rescued and brought in safety to Douglas, where every requisite ac‐ commodation was provided for them by the Isle of Man Shipwreck Association. On Tuesday a small part of her cargo was landed@ but from the severity of t@he weather on Wednesday and Thursday, her masts were carried away, and t@he hull completely broken up. In the services rendered to t@his vessel, t@he boat of his Majesty's cruiser Swallow, was commanded by Lieut. Strugnell, R.N., who rendered every assistance in his power. Sir Wm. Hillary had with him in the life‐boat Lieut. Gretrix, R.N., Lieut. Robinson, R.N., and Mr. Hillary. Mr. M'Meiken, agent for packets, also attended in his boat. A tribute of respect is due to the prompt attention of the worthy Baronet, who was as usual the @ﬁrst to aid the wreck and save t@he crew.-Cumberland Pacquet. #################### the 24th inst. the half‐yearly amount of the dock duties was made up. It presents the gratifying feature of a@n increase over the corresponding half‐year of 1826. The number of vessels which have entered the port even exceed t@he corresponding half‐year of the celebrated year 1825. SOUND LIST. ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## Dec. 18.-The Monarch, Harrison, of Whitby, from Memel, put into Copenhagen, leaky, on the 15th. The ships mentioned in our last remain. Winds-Dec. 9, 10. W. 11, 12, S. 13, S. to SE. 14, 15, S. to SW. 16, SW. 17, W. 18, SW. HULL-FOREIGN ARRIVED.-From ###################################################################################################### surviving relative, a grandfather. ######################### aged 23, Miss Reid, only daughter of David ############## near Fermoy. She was to have been married to of the 3rd Dragoon Guards, on Tuesday morning ######################################### set her night‐dress on @ﬁre, and was so dreadfully burnt that she expired two days ############################################################# Bouch Ann, Walker. Quebec, Foster, Bennett. @Riga, Betsey Black, Forman. Terceira, Vine, ########## 24. Alicant, ################################## 27. Amsterd@am, Jonge David, Kup‐ per. Antwerp, Etton, Vollans. COASTERS ARRIVED.-From Aberdeen, Fox, Gilbertson. Alemouth, Brothers, Marshall. Dublin, Vigilant, Evans. Dundee, Fife Packet, Buist. Glasgow, Gratitude, Dick. Leith, Hero, Scott John Watson, Tyrie. Lynn, Ellen, Hinchcli@ﬀ Blag- don, Robinson Agenoria, Rip- ###################################################### Adam Irwell, Barron. Rotterdam, Providence Good In- tent, Atkinson. Dec. 29. Charente, York Merchant, Blake. London, Humber, Naylor. Newcastle, Margaret, Ramm@ Emma, Stark. Scarbro', Ribston, Salmon. Sligo, Margaret, Finlay. Stockton, Cynthia, Mellanby. Sunderland, William and Mary, Barton. Yarmouth, Elizabeth and Mary, ################# Argo, Hood. Burnham, May@ﬂower, Atkinson. Dundee, Tay, Wann. Leith, Trent, Calder Happy Re- turn, Figgins. London, Mary, Chambers Man- chester, Cusworth Ebenezer, Dalton Ino, Laverack. Lynn, Dove, Garner Endeavour, Hamilton Thomas and Ann, Hodgson . Stockton, Argo, Evatts. Shields, Edward, Paul Friends, Henry Salacia, Grimston. Spalding, Bee, Townend Eliza, Tulley Blessing, Seymour. Sunderland, Wells Packet, Wabon@ Planter, Woodhouse Thomas and William, Floodman. Wells, Hopewell, Curson. Whitby, Alert, Mowatt Speed- well, Clark. Yarmouth, Providence, ############################################################################################################################################################################################################### Feasts, Fasts, @@c. Full Moon. Epiphany. The Royal Charter Steam Packet, for Barton, sails daily at Ten in the forenoon, and at One and Four in the #####################