[OCR_toInput] IRELAND, OUH OWk'c DEC ' 81 -11. . LAff l LOHr c 2?v ™® poi,, b, t0 I have learned that T NANT8. 1 ■ tauty of Loutb. for . T 'l u, i 'to® ia in prorre. ™ ei toaddre h?v? 'ioff ot the THB MORNlWe CHROWICLB, MONDAY, JykNUARy 8. pro free in the d Wthe Crn. 01 • landowner and a viewer lu y he drawn 8 a tkm so deep as not to be touched by the plough for, if not, and the dralus be made of tiled,then Chapman, to £38,0 H , and so it remained in their the bankrupts' books, until 1833, when William and Charles Ridge took out the £10,000 as residuary legatees, and then restored the debt of Fry and Co. to its original amount of £48,000. Beside these palpable frauds, they paid legacy duty of £9,256 8s. lOd. upon their father's will, and Sir. Commissioner Fane That was a fraud which was the cause ot expense to them, as you say they had nothing to receive under their father's will. Mr. Chambers That might, sir, be so, but it was done with a view to deceive tiieir customers, in order ultimately to benefit themselves. Mr. Charles Ridge had lived for years at the rate of £1,500 per annum, and that, although he must have known the bank to be in a state of hopeless insolvency. From a statement of their affairs put before tbe Court of Review in a former stage of these proceedings, their real deficiencies from 1828 were these in 1829, £51,400 in 1830, £51,900 in 1831, £46,000 in 1832, £47,000 in 1833, £42,000 in 1834, £48,000 in 1835, £52,000 in 1838, £59,000 In 1837, £62,000 in 1838, PTx nnn- in tiWO g70nnn. in tho v nr lfUO gW 100 • depth, and, as regards effect and cheapness, they should always be made narrow at the bottom. The width of the raju at the top should be thirteen inches, and at the bottom about four inches and in that width, fie knew by experience, there was plenty ot room tor a man to use a spade and work. In filling the arains fie would recommend stones, when they could be had, tor they were more effective than tiles. In the construc tion ot the drains, care should be taken not to put in large etonee. Stones about the size of those used on the roads were the proper kind and, iu almost all cases, in that part ot the country, as many could be collected off the fields as would be required hear, hear . After the stones have been put in, there was another important matter to attend to, namely, the covering, and for that purpose he would recommend a sod. If the drain were executed as he recommended, he would venture to say that it would lust for filty years. The sod should be cut thin, and so large that when put on it would go up a little on each side. Then the one should overlap the other, so that there would be no opening to allow the soil to run in. Mr. smith, after some further obeervations on draining, Buid their fiat, hole o been reduced t, many of whom had lost tbe savings of the f a hard-worked life, and had subsequently to insolvency and beggary. It was quite clear that the bankrupts had been traders using every artifice to deceive the world, and he Mr. Chambers Uy at a loss to know upon what possible grounds they conld now come before the court and ask tor their certificate, Mr. Commissioner Fane I shall certainly find it neces sary to read the examination, and examine the accounts you hove referred to, before I can give my judgment iu this matter. Mr. Missing, for the bankrupts, strongly denied the allegations made against them. The errors they committed in keeping their accounts were entirely Errors of judgment, and out of 1,100 creditors, who were said to have proved against their estate, not one of them was now here to op pose the grant of the bankrupts' certificate. No conceal ment had been charged against them. No intentional fraud could be established, or was sought to be established ugaiust them they bad made a full disclosure of the real state of their affairs. The bad debts referred to as having been now due. He had gone to Hr. Cobbdd's solicitor, Mr. Wilkinson, and also to Mr. Goldsmidt, to ask for the job of distraining In both of Allford's places of business. He did not know that he should have gene if Allford had not sent him. There was a horse in tbe stables when he distrained upon Allford. He could not account for striking out the horse and cart, and putting down one set of harness instead of two in the list of articles distrained upon. Cross-examined by Mr. Cooke Allford told him that he had not paid his rent, and he thought he might as well ap ply for business. Goldsmidt was a wholesale warehouse man in Friday-street, of immense wealth. William Wyles, an upholster, and son-in-law of the in solvent, said that, as he was not in a condition to pay the £26 bills to which he had put his name, he would give up the lease for the benefit of the creditors. The witness handed the lease into court. Mr. Woodroffe commented upon the difficulty of fully accounting for the disappearance of the insolvent's pro perty. His debts in March last were £200 or £300 less than now, and the creditors had got but little out of the estate. Mr. Cooke 6aid, that from the time he attempted a com position with his creditors, the insolvent's affairs became worse and worse. For fourteen days at a time he had been kDown to take no more in bis business than 14s. Nothing but failure could be the result ot the competition to which he had been exposed. No evidence had been given of the wilful concealment of any ot his property. His wholo course of late had been a struggle with difficulties which came upon him in japid succession. He had now not penny in the world in his possession.. He had been beaten down by the force of circumstances over which he had no control. The learned Chief Commissioner adjourned the case for fortnight, to give time for a farther and more rigid inquiry as to the insolvent's property. The insolvent, in consequence of the illness of his wile, was admitted to bail. The court rose at a late hour. POLICE NTELLIGBNCE-Satvrvay. BOW-STREET. , Base Roubkby.- W. Jones was brought up for final examination, charged with stealing two silver watches and other articles, the property of Edward Barrier. The prosecutor stated that he was a watchmaker and jeweller, and resided in Wych-strset, Drury-lane. He had known the prisoner for a considerable time, from his having oocupled apartments in the upper part of his house. Wit ness reposed the greatest confidence in him. in consequence of his very regular habits, and had frequently entrusted him with the charge of his shop during his temporary absence. On the 0th of December witnese hod occasion to leave home for a short time, aud he left the prisoner, as before, in charge of the shop, hut on his return he was astonished to find that the prisoner had absconded,- leaving the shop altogether unprotected,and had taken with him two watches and a variety of other articles, tho property of witness. Hs immediately went to the nearest station-house and gave in formation of the robbery. , . Two pawnbrokers' shopmen were called, who proved tnat the prosecutor's watches had been pledged at their em ployers' shops by the prisoner within a few days after the robbery was committed. Pooock, an offieer, stated that, having received informa tion of the robbery, he made inquiries alter the prisoner, and at length succeeded in taking him into custody at a pub lic-house iu the Blackfiriars-road. The prisoner was next charged with stealing a waist coat, the property of a pot-boy at a public-house ln Oxford-He declined saying anything in his defence, and was committed for trial on both charges. MANSION-HOUSE. Attempt to Rob a Lady.-A well-dressed young fellow, named William Melbourne, was brought before the Lord Mayor, charged with having attempted to rob a lady. Mr. Waddington, of No. 119, London-wall, stated that he saw the prisoner, who was accompanied by another per son, thrust his hand into the pocket of a lady, who was nassing along the street, aDd immediately collared him 'he lady was terrified, aud witness held the prisoner last, having been in the habit of taking such characters, as he often had large amounts about him. , , The prisoner, upon being asked who he was, said he had been a silversmith about six months ago, but he could uot exactly tell what he was at the present moment. The Lord Mayor requested to be informed who the pri Boner's father was and where he lived ?-The prisoner re plied that he really conld not gratify fils lordship s cu riosity. The Lord Mayor Is there any one here who can say any thing about you ?-The prisoner Not that I know ot, with the exception of the officer a laugh . Policeman No. 32 here stepped forward and said lie had known the young man as connected with a gang of thieves who infested the neighbourhood of tlie banking-houses, that some of the prisoner's former companions had been transported, and tnat he had been watched by the police on Monday last about the Bank lor five hours, in company of five most notorious robbers. The Lord Mayor This is bad testimony to yourcharacter, Mr. Melbourne.-The prisoner Nobody can say that I ever was in oustody. Gooch, the turnkey of the Compter My lord, he has been in custody in the name of Jenkins, and the gaoler of Bridewell has been to see him, and- knows him well as an old acquaintance. , _ The prisoner Well, what is the extent of my offence The Lord Mayor You know I can send you as a rogue and a vagabond, and you must go for two months. The prisoner Very well, nere goes laughter The prisoner was then committed to the House of Cor rection for the time stated by his lordship. Tub Honeymoon.-A tailor in a dirty shirt and without coat or waistcoat, whose name was stated to be William Raison, was charged by bis landlord, Michael Denny, a Corkman, in the same line ot business, with having cleared away the blankets of his .well-iurnished room, and deposited them iu the room of his uncle, a neigh bouring pawnbroker, for the small considsration ot the loan of three shillings. . Mr. Denny, in the genuine tone and with the unaffected that he would proceed to the subject of subsoil ploughing. P luc l ,0 'he credit of profit, were not at the time supposed After the land had been thorough drained, fissures and '® be bad, as all the world believed that Fry and Chapman cracks would be found in the subsoil and, therefore, it was woul 1 have paid at least 16s. or 17s. in the pound-and of importance that that subsoil should be mechanically U P 0U h e and a variety of other grounda.he respectfully stirred up. That might be done with the subsoil plough, submitted that the babkrnpts were entitled to their certf-with the pick, or with the spade. The subsoil plough was drawn with from six, and sometimes with as many as eight horses but it should never be used for a year, aDd in some lauds two years, after the land had been drained. He would recommend the ploughing to be across the drains tor, iu doing so, they would not only open a better channel for the carrying off of the water, but they would save labour fur it was much easier to plougb across a hill than up and down bear, hear, hear . The course to be taken, in using the subsoil plougb, was, first, to throw out a large open furrow of the active soil, with the common plough then the subsoil plough should follow, and thoroughly break up the subsoil. It would be important to take on as much as possible of the active soil with the common plough, and thereby leave ns little us tboy could for the subsoil plough to do for workiug with it was severe on both men and horses. When the subsoil was thoroughly broken up, the next furrow of the active soil should be thrown over the last opened furrow of tlie subsoil, and so on, until the work was ended. There was another advantage in the subsoil plough-it threw up any stones which came in its way. It was provided with a spur, for the purpose and another, and greater advantage, to be derived from using that plough, was, that they could take up the subsoil, bv degrees, and mix it with the active soil. Bringing the subsoil to the snrface all at once would produce great sterility hear, bear . Mr. Smith concludi d by saying he was ready to answer any questions that might be put to him. Mr. W. Blacker would inquire, for the benefit of tlie farmers, whether the drains shonld uot be made perfectly straight.' He had seen many iu the country which w re very crooked. Mr. Smith The drains should he perfectly straight for if you look at a Berpentiue river you wilffind its couise much larger than if it ran iu a direct line. They should id ficate. Mr. Commissioner Fane said that he was at present un prepared to give any judgment, but would read through the proceedings, and give bis adjudication on a future day. INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT- Dec, 31. .IN RB EDWARD ALLFQRD. , Edward Allford was opposed by Mr. Woodroffe, for Messrs. Hartills, wholesale ironmongers. No. 89, West Smith field. He was supported by Mr. Cooke. This insolvent was a furniture-broker aud bedstead-manuiacturer, in Westminster-hridge-road. He was a bankrupt in 1832, aud discharged by the Insolvent Court in 1835. His liabilities under his present insolvency amounted to £800. The good debts due to him amounted to £ 9s. The ground of the opposition was making away with bis property... ,. He was examined by Mr. Woodroffe, at considerable length, as to the disposal of his property. He had laid out about £400 ou his premises und rent und taxes bad run away with the rest. He had a lease ot tho house in Westmiu6ter-brldge-road, but had parted with it about six mpnths ago to a Mr. Wyles, because he lent his name to four bills of £20 each, which, becoming- due, he by that means got renewed. He had put tbe creditors for the £20 bills in the schedule. He had no objection to have tbe lease filed, provided Wyles would give it up. He had agreed at a meetiug of bis creditors, in March last, at Peele'i Coffee-house, to pay £20 a fortnight into the hands of Mr, Bartholomew, who, with another gentleman, was appointed to receive it, lor distribution amongst the creditors. He bad juaii uui tic came to uic tv -j gave him wbat he axed for, but I let hi ml and his wile a room, and I not only let 'em a room, but I lent him the money to marry his wile wid laughter . Well, sure enough they got married, and borne be lugs her to my decent resjjectable place and as I must tell the truth, upon my sowl they took liberties with my bed in a most shame ful manner laughter . The Lord Mayor You mean they stripped the bed of tbe bed clothes t-Complainant Your lordship talks of it as if you were present and seen all that happened. Yes, they did take every stitch, and the devil a morsel of bed was to be seen in the place. The Lord Mayor And how long have they been married .'-The Complainant Two months, your honour and to make him comfortable I gave him a job that I had to do myself, but he was too lazy to do it, and Dothing could get him out of his bed a laugh . Mr. Hobler What, uot at the snd of two months ?-The Complainant No, faith. A body might tbinkjthat after the first month he might rise to attend to business, but the devil a bit oi him could be got up by hook or by crook until the morning he tnck my blankets to bis uncle, and then both him and her got up early enough to strip the whole building laughter . Mayor Is he a countryman of yours Bi The Lord be made straight, because there is less labour and less ex pense in doing so. Mr. Bi.ackbr inquired whether draining the laud in a dry season would not make it too dry. Mr. Smith said that was a very general opinion, but it was an erroneous one draining in dry weather had the contrary effect It pulverised the earth and made it spongy, so that it retained more water in the pores of it than it would under other circumstances. Several other questions were put, and answered very satisfactorily by Mr. Smith. A vote of tnauks was passed by acclamation to Mr. Smith. , . Mr, Smith having returned thanks in suitable terms, the meeting separated. Mr. Smith delivered a lecture on draining and subsoiliug in Glasslough. the seat of Mr. Leslie, on Tuesday. He lectured ln Monaghan, also, on Thursday. On each occa-lion there was a large attendance ef the landed proprietors and intelligent farmers and an anxiety not to lose a ayl-abie that fell from Mr. Smith was visible in almost every vmn tenancy. -POOR LAWS-PROPOSED PUBLIC MEETING. A requisition, addressed to the mayor, is in course of eig-nature calling upon his worship to convene a meeting of the inhabitants ot this borough, for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of calling on tho several boards of guardians and rate payers of the city and oouuty of Cork to fix a day previously to the 22d ot January for koldimr a general meeting of the rate payers of the city and Aountrof Cork in reference to the abuses of the present poor-law.-Southern ReforUr. Mr. O'Connell is to at tend this jjloRj ~aN 1 TENANT. TO THE BDITOR OP THB DUBLIN BVKNINO POST. T Ardee. 29th December. qj r _1 j, eeg tete in this neighbourhood of one of the wealthiest nrnurietora. a young man who has hitherto stood high in public opinion, Mr Thomas Fortescue, of Ravensdale Park, fats a member for the county, was yesterday invaded by a driver and a host of bailiffs one of whom was put in charge of each house and haggard, with two exceptions, on Tlifgraator number do not owe a farthing of the rent of 1941 • they are, without exception, industrious honest Dle paying very high reuts-as high as 50s. per Irish iZ 'tEiV Je without leases such was the will of the late Lord Claremont, from whom the property is inherited , H vet compelled to build houses ol two stories, without other aid fihan slates if they purchase the Umber fitted for such roofing, their scanty capital has been expended on those houses and premises their haggards are full of corn even the apprehension ol loss from Indulgence cannot h r Forteeoue is in the Aunty of Kilkenny, psrtaklng mf the hospitality, and witnessing the kindness, the annual xlr-e-u indnees, of his lady's family to their tenantry. tenants here exclaim he knows nothing of what is ooo,. bis absence, or of their sufferings. It is hoped this notice may attract his attention. A Man op Lovih. Mendicity.-The Lord Mayor.-The Right Hon. the Zord Mayor, with his usual liberality, has ordered the S word bearer Mr. Arkins , and the high constable Mr. linnott , to provide a plentiful dinner of beef, bread, ice,, to the tomato of the Mendicity on New Year's-daJ to-morrow . Tho order ha been given in consequence of the Lord Mayor's intention not being carried out on Chrlst-mas-day, the Lord-Lieutenant having sent them a dinner on that occasion. _____________ Forpniturb op a Hailway.- On Wednesda the 21st iiut., Sir Henry Hunloke, Bart., of Wingerwort' Hall proceeded, along with Mr. Brown and other wit-nessee, to take pos I -i''ii of the branch line of raili sd leading from llopton bridge to Tiuih-i lane kuowo he Duke's line , which the Ninth Midltjnd Com Sny ha for feited to him under certain arrangement .-Dirbjehtre Courior. p id three instalments to Mr. Bartholomew. He could not tell whether the money bad been paid to the creditors, distress had been put in by his landlord for rent, which be paid out by selling his horse and cart and bor rowing money from other people. A distress for rent had also been put into his other place oi business in Stafford-row, Fimlico. Tbe stock in trade and the goods, after they were condemned, were suffered to remain on the premises, in Westmioster-bridge-road, ns it was thought that more money could be obtained by selling them by retail than at the auction-rooms. Tne purchase-money of goods sold after the distress was put in went to the landlord. Mr. Woodroffe In your schedule you say that you paid Mr. Goldsmidt, the landlord of the premises in Stafford-place, £25 within a fortnight of his distraining was that so '-Insolvent I am satisfied he had nothing so recently as that. . I paid £10, but that was six mouths before the distress was put in. The schedule was admitted to be in some ather particulars incorrect. The insolvent said he had been loeing for years, from opposition in business, aud other cAfises. Cross-examined by Mr. Cooke Seven or eight of his creditors attended the meeting at Peek's Coffee-house. He had said that he could pty them twenty shillings in the pound, if they gave him time to recover nimself. Notwith standing tbe agreement that he was to pay £20 a fortnight, some of tbe creditors sued him a short time afterwards. He was compelled to make forced sales to pay these de mands, and also to fulfil his engagement to pay the credi tors £20 a fortnight. The goods were taken to Bullock's and Foster's, ana the sacrifice was immense. His wife had b aD ill a long time, and he had heavy doctor's bills to pay. A large opposition shop was opened close to him, and they sold articles for 15s. which he could not get under 22s. or 25e. That firm had lately failed for £10,000. Tbe distress was put in for £86 2s. 6d., a year's rent. George Bartholomew, a carpet-manuiacturer in Fins-bury-pavement, was then examined. He was a creditor of the insolvent for £812s. Od. When the meeting of credi tors took place he was a creditor to the amount of £50 7s. Id. Witness and Mr. Hartills were appointed to receive £20 a fortnight for the creditors. He had received £20 on the 20th of April last, ou account of that agreement. He had received £6218s.8d. in all. The £2 18s. 8d was for goods subsequently supplied to the insolvent. He received the money in six payments He received £40 ou account of his original debt. When the insolvent paid him the instalments he said he would bs a great fool if be did not keep it for himself. He did not add he should be a great rogue if he did so. Such an idea might have occurred to his mind a laugh . He dis tributed £11 7s. Od. in all amongst the creditors. He was not prepared to pay more, because he intended to appro priate it to the payment of his own debt. He could not name the time when the insolvent said he would be a fool if he did not keep the money himtolf. The insolvent did not say it to him. Hi young man told him that hs said so. He did not appropriate all the first £20 to himself, became he thought the insolvent intended to keep up the payments. He neVer spoke to the creditors as to what he should do with the money. He had settled that in his own mind. Ha did not divide the money amongst the other creditors, as nothing could.be gained by it a laugh . The money was not then in his possession. He would not pay It into court, because be thought he ought to pay himself first. Mr. Cooke Have you ever been a trustee before, and acted in the same way ?-Witness It might be so a laugh, ln wMch the witness joined , Mr. Cooke said it was a shocking announcement -r The learned Chief Commissioner said it was a lamentable exhibition. The spectator had indeed leaghod, but it waa a kind of laugh us much as to say what a very consummate ' ' ' -h from the witness . The y said that he ought to be had made. More unblush ing dishonesty he never saw in hi life. F Thomas lleaford, broker, of No. 80, Bridge-road.Lam-bsfh. was examined as to tlie value of the insolvents pro perty when tie lendkrd. Mi -Cobbold, put in the distress, i riie total condemnation was £58. If it had been taken to n sale room it WtiuM not have produced £25 but the land lord had lost by holding over,as another qaarter's rent was 1 Mayoi Complainant No, he says he is a for all that I don't wish to hurt him. But you see, my a - -The Sirmingham man, but lord, in my country we don't think it kind to rob a man that giveB another employment and lodging, and a wife in the bargain great laughterj. The Lord Mayor No it is not kind. The Complainant I must tell the truth, your honour he is a lazy and good-for-nothing fellow as ever crossed a board, Dut if he'll promise to work it out, I'll forgive him, and take him in again. The defendant said he was willing enough to work it out, hut he could not prevail upon his wife to let him get up in proper time in the morning laughter . And when he ar gufied with her, she said the honeymoon always lasted ano ther mouth longer, and she did not s e why they should be the first to break tbe rule. The Complainant Sure I didn't want yon to do so. But you might have earned 12s. a week at any rate, and had plenty of tun great laughter . The Lord Mayor to the complainant Well, you cer tainly are a good-natured fellow, and I think you may try this man once more. Let him pay you so much a week by working for you, and if he persists In lying in bed and neglectiug his business, bring him before me, and I'll cure him of his honeymoon tricks by sending him to prison where he shall have no inducement to lie in bed longer than nature requires laughter . Hie lordship then gave the complainant hall-a-crown to commence the new year with and received many blessings and thanks in return for his kindness from the poor ill-treated tailor. Mr. Robert Mercer, a man of property, wae put to the bar, charged with having arrived at such a Btate of intoxi cation on the preceding night as to be nnable to utter a Mias Newell Come, oome, Sir Chapman, I've got yon in a corner, and you must answer me. Do you believe in a God? • .I .... Alderman Upon my word, you must not-Miss Newell Oh, well, I suppose you do believe well, that's one point gained, however. Here the court was an irrepressible scene of laughter . Well, as I told you some twenty-four years ago, when we were both much younger, that I had a divine revelation from heaven, which informed me I should sit upon the throne of this kingdom. What was the consequence ? They locked me up In St. Luke's. However, I got out, nnd again I paid you a visit when yuu were lord mayor, at the Mansien-boose, some time ago. Alderman Yes, I remember it, Miss. Miss Newell ln a voice oi triumph Oh I you do remem ber it. Well, then, from that hour to this I have pursued the same steady line of conduct laughter , and my undy ing oouvlction is striking her hand with so much force upon the table that Mr. Scholefield was raised up from his nap , that 1 shall wear tbe crown of England, have a large house, and keep a great number oi servants. Alderman Now, pray madam, come to a conclusion, for you see tlie five miuntes have just expired. Miss Newell looking at the clock and again at her watch Not so fast, sir I know what o'clock it is roars besides, 1 say that the Queen of this counUry sets a had ex ample to her subjects. Alderman I cannot hear this. You must not be allowed to talk thus. I won't listen. Miss Newell But yon must, and I ask again, why the Queen, a lady occupying a station the highest in the land, does not suckle her owu child ? Only place me in such a situation, Sir Chapman, and I'll let the world see an ex ample ol a greatlady nurturingherown babe. The gravity of tlie court was quite overcome by this speech, aud justice fairly laughed outright. Alderman Miss Newell, you have had more than five minutes allowed you, and I must beg of yon to retire. Do not compel me to use force. Miss Newell Well, I've done for the present. I rather like you, Sir Chapman, and as it's the last day of the old year I was determined to eay as much as I could, and I think I've opened some of your eyes, so give us your hand at par tin? The alderman most good humouredly extended bis hand, at the request of the lady, who, after shaking it most warmly, dropped a graceful curtsey to the alderman, ex claiming, Pardon me, Sir Chapman, if I take leave of you in the words of a good old song- Adieu, thou dreary pile' '' loud laughter, during which the candidate for the Crown withdrew!. M A RLBOROUGH -STREET. Misconduct op a Fireman.-James Ewart, one of the London Fire Brigade, waa charged with having as saulted Humphrey Nathan, ofStar-court, Soho. It appeared that thecomplainant's wife superintended a bath in Star-court, where ladies of the Jewish persuasion attended for the purpose of performing ablutions at pre scribed periods. . , _ The defendant one day last week came to the house, and said an alarm ot fire had been given at the brigade station, and he desired to be let In. The daughter of the complainant answered him to the effect that no fire was in the house, and that there was no need for the attend ance of the firemen. The defendant, however, pushed her on one side, and tried to force open the street door, which was shut but not being able to effect this, he opened the window, and made his way into the parlour. The defendant then went np stairs, and on encountering the complainaut, who had been roused at hearing the noise made by the de fendant, he pushed him against the wall, and proceeded to examine the house to see if any fire was about. The exa mination was fruitless, as no fire could be discovered. The complainant said the push was sufficiently violent to send him reeling against the wall. The defendant said an alarm was given that a tire was in one ot the chimneys in tbe defendant's house. He went to the place, and on being refused admittance hs got in at the window, and looked over the house, On going to the place where the copper was placed for heating the bath, he saw enough to induce him to believe that the chimney had been on tire. He denied having assaulted any one, and what he had done was solely with the view of preventing danger, in case the house had been on fire. The complainant denied that the upper chimney had been on fire. Mr. Hardwick said no fireman was justified under anV pretence in forcing his way into a house. The defendant's conduct was without exense, and therefore he should impose a fine of 20s, and costs. The inspector said he believed the Fire Brigade generally were aware that they were not permitted to force an entrance into a house against the leave of the owner. Air. Hardwick said, as the firemen had obtained sum monses for the usual reward, upon tho allegation that the chimney had been on fire, he certainly should not give any reward under such circumstances, and he should there fore advise the withdrawal. CLERKENWELL. A girl,seventeen years of age, named Eliza Riley,charged her mistress, a female named Ceos, a tambour-worker, in Vincent-terrace, Islington, with assaulting her, by cutting her hair off. The complainant said she was apprenticed by St. Giles's S arish to the defendant nearly six years ago, and had been, uring that time, often ill-used by Mrs. Cox. On Wed nesday last the latter grumbled at her for not doing more work, and because she answered that she could do no more, her mistress suddenly came behind her, and cat off the hair at the back of her head. She then took off her bonnet and exposed where It had been hacked about. Mr. Combe, the magistrate, said he thought her mistress had done no harm whatever, that he could see nothing to find fault with, that if it was hacked her mistrees could get a barber to cut it even, and that if the complainant did not o home and mind what her mistress said, she wonld be rougbt up here and then 6ent to the House of Correction, where her hair would be crapped short enough, Tho poor parish apprentice was thon taken away, crying very much. She seemed to feel very sorely the loss of her hair, aud might have felt herself degraded by being cropped-at least, if she did not, thousands of girls at her age would have done eo. Bioamy.-A rather respectable-looking middle-aged man, named Thomas William Mead Shndwell, foreman in a corn chandlery stabllshment, In Church-street, Isling ton, was charged with bigamy. Mr. Flower appeared for thi dart defended the prisoner, It Is much to be regretted that the magistrate have not the power to oommit to prison, instead of Infliotlng a fine, as in such a case as the present the pecuniary penalty is ut terly inadequate to the offence. the prosecution, and Mr. Stod-Mr. Flower stated that on the 10th of May, 1832, tbe pri soner was married in the parieb church of Hackney to Mies Sarah Brentford, hie lawful wife, with whom he lived two or three years, and then deserted tier, aqd that oil tbe 21st of January, 1838, he married Caroline Sparrowhawk Smith, Sarah 8hadwell being etili living. The second marriage took place in Trinity Church, Cambridge. Mr. Flower then handed in the certificates of both marriages, but stated that in consequence of his being unable to obtain the attendance of the second wife on that occasion, he would i his worship for a remand. r. Combe said he had as yet but documents, and a statement. He should hear some evidence. Mr. Flower then produced police constable Whikcber, of the detective force, who deposed to having arrested the pri soner on the previous night in Church-street, Islington. Mr. Justins Mr. Flower's clerk deposed that he ques tioned the prisoner, on his arrest, the previous evening, as to whether or not he had been twice married and the pri soner admitted he had. Some other witnesses were examined, particularly the brother-in-law of the first wife, who deposed to the first marriage, and to having seen both marriages in the Mar riage Record Book, in Somerset-house. Mr. Combe said he believed it was not the original Re cord-book that was kept there but a copy. The witness said he thought eo. Mr. Combe then expressed his readiness 1 to remand the prisoner. Mr. Stoddart hoped his worship wonld accept of bail for hie client, who was a man of excellent character, and gen teelly connected, and could procure it of a most satisfactory nature. Mr. Combe said he considered the ense of too serious a character, and too clearly eetablished, to admit of bail being received.-He was then locked up, SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. BETTING AT MANCHESTER-FaioAY. DERBY. 6 te 1 agit Scott's lot I 40 to 1 sgst Newcourt 8 to 1 - A British Yeomsn SO to 1 - Oiygen colt Uken 1 1000 to 16 - Cothcntone 23 to 1 - Aristides taken 1 1000 to IS - Evertoa 40 to I - Progress colt 1000 to IS Jemal COURSING. Belmont Meeting.-The eup was won by Mr. Bremer's Bseiwlng, betting in the deciding course Mr. Rtcktten'e ThlngsbUJ. Bingham Meeting, Dec. 23.-The Chesterfield Stskeewere won by Mr. ChetUe's Lath, snd tb second class sf the Chesterfield Stakes by Mr. Taylor's Tewney. HUNTING APPOINTMENTS. Her Majesty's atagbeuudt meet eo Wednesday tt Wloktteld Church, and on Friday at Irer HfStb, at eleren. Lord Gifford's hounds meet on Wednesday at Res ly Token, snd on Saturday at ColeabILl, at half-past ten. The Vine hounds meet on Thunday stMalshanger House, and in Saturday at Klngsclere, at eleren. Sir W. M. Ridley's hounds meet on Wednesday at Cllitop, on Friday at Gotforlh, nnd on Sstuiday at Pleaty Checks, tt half-put ten. Mr. Watson's hounds meet on Friday at Sturtoa Grange, at ten. The Prudhoe and Derwent hounds meat to-morrow at Coalburn, and on Friday at Glbitde. , The Haydoa hounds meet on Wednesday at Coweyslke, and c n Saturday at Common Heuse, at nine. The Slaley hounds meet on Wednesday at Fotherley Gill, andea Saturday at Slaley, at nine. The Wheatland hounds meet to-morrow at Kemptou, at nine. The Torquay harriers meet to-morrow at Scots Bridge,, and on Friday at Stoke Common. Hie Puckeridge hounds meet on Wednesday at Elsenham,and on Saturday at Great Munden, at half-past ten. Mr. JBraud's hounds m et on Wednesday at Klmpton Mill, and on Friday at Gaddesdeo, at half past ten. The Norfolk hounds mest to morrow at East Basham, on Thurs day at Chapel Mill, Gresisnbail, and on Saturday at Saham Wocd, at half pnst ten. The Surrey Union hounds meet on Wednesday at Jayts, and on Saturday at Uatchlanns, at half-past ten. The Eant Sussex hounds meet on Thursday at the Bat and Ball, and on Saturday at Southeaie, at a quarter to feleven. The Whitby harrier meet en Wednesday at Pickering, and cm Friday at Normaoby Hill. 1 he York and Alnsty hounds meet to morrow at the Red House, on Thursday at Rlbstoa Park, and on Saturday! rimiton Bar, at half past ten. _ , _ The F.R.H. meet to-morrow at Constantine Cross, and on Thurs day at Benllhon, at ten. Baron Rothschild's stag-hounds meet on Thursday at tbe Kennel, at eleren. _ The Warwickshire Hounds meet to-morrow at Weston House, on Thursday at Wellesbourne, and on Saturday at Upton House, at bsif pa t ten. The Quorn Hounds meet to morrow at Bardon Hall, on Thursday at Thorpe Satchrlll®, and on Friday at Bunny, at a quarter to eleren. The Badswerth hounds meet to-morrow at Wentbridge, on Thurs day at Hickleton Hall, and on Saturday at Shafton Two Gates, at half-past ten. Mr. Foljambe's hounds meet on Wednesday at Rosshigton Bridge, on Friday at Headon Chump, and on Saturday at Scrooby Bar, at half-past ten. The Ryfford hounds meet on Thursday at Hockerton Bar. Lord Yarborough's hounds meet on Wednesday at Swallow Vil lage, and on Friday at Usselby House, at eleven. The Sherwood harriers meet to morrow at Mansfield Race Course, and ou Friday at the Second Milestone en tbe Nottingham Road, at eleven. ,Mr. A. Smith's hounds meet to-morrow at Mannlnford, on Wed nesday at Clarendon Park, on Thursday at Tangley, and oh Friday at Netheravon, at eleven. The Essex Union hounds meet to-morrow at Hozelelgh Hal , and on Saturday at Felix Hall. The Ttckham hounds meet on Thursday at Lynited Street, and on Saturday at Long Beach, at half past ten. Mr. Atty's houuds meet to-morrow at Overton Bridge, on Thurs day at Whlttiagton, and on Saturday at Marchwlel, at half-past ten. Mr. Russell's hounds meet on Wednesday at Brancepetb, and cn Friday at Plawsworth Bar, at eleven, Mr, Robertson's hounds meet to-mgrrow at Etall, and on Friday at Ross Links, at half past ten. Mr. Farquharson's hounds meet to-morrow at 8t. Giles's, aud on Thursday at Melcomb Park. Mr. Drax'a hounds meet on Wednesday at Trent Barrow. M. H. meet to-morrow at Doles Ash, and on Friday at the second milestone on ths Upper Sherborne Road from Dorchester. Mr, Dt ane's harriers meet to morrow at Hunter's Lodge. Sir R. Button's hounds meet to-morrow at Cottesmore, on Wed nesday at the Bull, Witham Common, on Thursday at Burley on the Hill, on Friday at Castle Bytharo, and on Saturday at Loddington Hall,at eleven. The Atherstono hounds meet on Wednesday at Seal Wood, on Thursday at Kingsbury Wood, and on Saturday at Church Over. Sir F. Goodriche'a hounds meet on Wednesday at West Haddon, on Friday at Badby Wood, and on Saturday atDunston, at a quarter to eleven. Mujor General Wyudham's hounds meet on Wednesday at Rowner Mill, on Friday at Lea Farm, and on Saturday at Shllllnglee Park. The Horsham hounds meet on Thursday at Rowhooke, and on Saturday at Lovell Heath. Mr. Drake's hounds meet on Tuesday at Croughton Vlllsge, and on Saturday at Rycotc Kennel, at half-past ten. Mr. Mustert's hounds meet to-morrow at Heneage Arms, Halnton, ou Thursday at Mareham village, and on Friday at the Fourth Mile stone on the Hagworthinghara-road, at eleven. The Hurworth hounds meet to-morrow at Cotcllffe Wood, and on Saturday at Hurwoitb. Linutenant.Colonel Hildyatd's barriers meet on Thursday at Swainby Bridge. The Wynyard hounds meet on Thursday at the Red Lion, on the Sunderland road, at half-past ten. The Hulderness hounds meet to-morrow at Bishop Burton, on Thursday at Wood Hail, and on Friday at Kilnwlck Percy. The Cambridgeshire hounds meet on Friday at Morden Heath, at half-past ten. The Oakley hounds meet to-morrow at Rise!ey,on Thursday at the London entrance to Woburn Park, and on Saturday at Hurwlck, at •Seven. The Wldtecrois harriers meet to morrow at Betloe Line, and on Saturday at Puttingham. The Berkshire houuds meet on Wednesday at Hendred, and on Friday at Curbridge, at half-past ten. Lord Redesdale's hounds meet on Wednesday at Burton Gate, on Friday at New Barn, and on Saturday at 8pllsbury. Mr. W. S. Lowndes's hounds meet to-morrow at Halton, and on Friday at Denbigh Hall. The Boro ugh bridge harriers meet to-morrow at Aldbrough, and on Friday at Blows Hall. The Eddlethorpe hounds meet on Wednesday at half way between Stamford Bridge and Gate Hemsley, and on Friday at Scampton Bridge, at half past ten. The Sinoington hounds meet to-morrow at Sinnlngton, and on Friday at Nawtqp, at ten, Th? Bedsle hounds meet on Wednesday at Watless Village, and on Friday at Middleton Tyas, at hulf-past ten. -'skipping intelligence. Lonoon, D c. 31.-Wind this d y .1 oon .W ft sh bmz. nd cloudy. Seven p.m. W.8.W., light alts And hssy. Dial, D c. 30.-Wind SAV. to W.S.W.-Arrlved the Mery end Anne frara Velpereleo, Ledy Hemy from Monte Video, Cemeroeii from Bcrblce 'be Stratbeden and Gawlla for Sydney, and Euphrates for Calcutta. Portsmouth. Dec. 30.-Wlod W.N.W., ttron, end equelly.-Arrived the Weter Lily from London for Jemelce. Touav, D c. 29.-Arrtred the CecUle Louie, from Hemburg for Velp.reieo, ead John Oldh.m from London for J.melce-Dartmouth, Dsc. 29.-Arrived the Ecllpee 'ram Hemburg for fauJouth. Die.30.-Wind W fre.h hre ee.-Arrl ed the Jo-hannes from Coqulmbo, left August 8 bound to Swansea lost her bulwark., Ike. Xevter from Hemburg for Vere Crui. Bristol, Drc. 30.-Arrived the Eleenorirom Demerere. Dial. Dhc. 29,-Arrlved the Endymlon from Quebec, Venteoee from Hull for Boetoo, George Delnls from ditto for St. Thomee •. TheFeUi, front Finland to Glhtelter, bee been lowed Into Renugete oreSouthwolo!'Dac. 29,-Arrlved the St. John from Mire-whitht, Dhc. 7.-The Hoetlllne, of Guernsey, bee put In here with loee of boweprlt, cutwater, c.. end foremast eprung, having been in contact with the brig Pearl yetterday afternoon . Coir. Dhc. 2S.-Arrived the Robert Watt from Virginia, with lou of boat , bulwarks, Ac. and Olloda from St. John's, New Bruns-wick Clydm, Dec. 28 -Arrived the Blomedon from Newfoundland. New Ross, Dkc. 26.-Arrived the Juliet from Newfoundland. Bridlivoto.v, Dig. 3d.-The Yarrow, whilst at anchor batwwn Duagenessand the Spurn, waa run Into by a sloop aod.rectlwd con-BuaoiWAm Dac. 29.-'The Alice Havllaod was run luto off the Holm s on the 27th Instant, and cut down to tbe water's edge, by a schooner name unknown . The Wellington, from St. Andrew's to this port, baa put iato Btdeford with decks swept. Marstrano, Dac. 9 -A cask of rum marked '•A.E, 23, 13, and some casks of tar, havebe n picked up near Lysekihl. Stavanqkr, Dae. 10.-The , Brigge, from Dram timber-laden has put Into St. Kudne Ness leaky, and with loss of deck-load. Mbmbl, Dbc. 20.-The Fortuna, ln leaving the port to-day took the ground, out was got off and proceeded. Rkicsbhrg, Dkc. 26.-The Vrouw Ellda.from Konlgsberg to Ant werp, sprung aleak and foundered W.N.W. of Fehmern crew saved. Elsinbur, Dbc. 24.-The Louise and Julie, from Wolgust, put in here to-day leaky, and will probably have to dint-barge. Guayaquil, Sbpt. 27.-The Adela from Cadiz got aahore at the mouth of the river, was assisted off with considerable damage cargo landing ln a damaged state. Gravbsknd, Dkc 31.-Arrived the Dorothy from Quebec, Helen from Uogadore, Mentor from Leghorn, Countess of Lonsdale steamer from Hamburg. 30. Elizabeth from Jamaica, Ontario from New Yorft, Prince George from Halifax, Adventure from Tercelra, City of Boulogne steamer from Boulogne. Sailed the Emerald for Ceylon, Rachel for Sydney, Alicia for Port Philip, Barbara Gordon for Tobago, Charlotte Wylie for Aft lea, Juanita for the Canaries, and Mentor for Constantinople. VKSSir.8 sroiur with The Jersey Laps from Bristol to Africa, on the 21st ull., iu lat 46, long. 17. by the Adventure, arrived in the River. The Havanna Packet bound to the River Piute, on tbe 16th Novem ber, In lat. 6 8., long. 26 Victoria from Liverpool to New South Wales, on the 20tb, ia lat -, long. 24 Lnwrenre Copeland bound to Monte Video, on the 27th, lu .'at. 12 N , long. 22, by the Mary and Anne, arrived iu tbe Downs. Tlie Castro from Rio Janeiro to Hamburg, on the 4th ult., in lat. 26, lon.34 Ariadne from Hamburg to Valparaiso,.on the 29th, in lat. 43, long. 16, by the Johannes, arrived at Falmouth. The Ranger packet from Falmouth to Rio Janeiro, In lat. 7 N long. 26 W., by the CatharlpaDorcthea, arrived off Falmouth. The Columbia from Liverpool to New York, on the 17th ult., ln lat. 42, long. 40, with loss of sails, c., and supplied by the OllRda, arrived at Cork. The Bidaon from Liverpool to Calcutta, out seven days, In lat. 61, long. 9, by the Ratchford, arrived at Waterford. The Clyde, from Liverpool to Charleston, ln long. 22 W., out 38 days, by tbe Sesostris, arrived at Belfast. VBPHKLS B.VTBRBD INWARDS AT TBH CUSTOM-BO USB, DEC. 31. The True Love from Batavia, Elizabeth front Jamaica, Ontario from New York, Prince George from Halifax, Dorothy from Quebec, Adventure from Tercelra, Helen from Mogadore, Mentor from Leg horn, Breeze from Bordeaux, Alexander from Guernsey, Countess of Lonsdale steamer from Hamburg, and Comet from Havannah. VKS8KLS HNTKRhD OUTWARDS FOR LOADING. The Jamea for Dunkirk, Morayshire for Sydney, New South Wales, Courier for the Cape of Good Hope, Teresa for Trieste and Venice, Ontario for New York, Felia for - , Giraffe steamer for Rotterdam, and Favourite for Elalneur and St. Peter hurg. VKS8KL8 CLKARKD OUTWARDS WITH CARGO. The Emerald steamer for Boulogne, Ceres for Sierra Leone, Python for Antwerp and Brussecis, Wll.am Jelliffe steamer for Calais, Fame for Antwerp, Monarch for Amsterdam, Emerald for Tenerlffe, Nautilui for St. Lucia, Standard for Guernsey, Escalduaca for Bilbao, Antwerpen steamer for Antwerp, and Anna Louisa for Bremen, -MAILS. In 8ibd Oils we have no variation this week. the demand is triilng. In Oil of Tueuntink there 1 nothing new the article continue duil ef tale at the late redocad ralM The sales of Palm Oil have been confined to email lots in all about 100 Urns , at 6e to jff32 lOeperton but by moet holder theee prloee are refused. No buslneea of the least Import, ance bae transpired in Hbmpi • email lot of Bombay eold at 16 per ten. Tallow.-The market Is still unusually dull for the sea. son, and eome business has been done this we k a trifle low r, but the moderate stock prevents any material decline in prices a parcel of New Orleans Tallow, mixed, but part very good, sold at 46 d per cwt. Dvbwoods.-The eales are 180 torn Loqwood. at £9 7s6d fer Carapeacby, and £ 10s to £4 16s for Jamaica 100 tons Fustic at previous rates, snd 260 tons Baswood, at jfr3 12s Gd for Gaboon, and £6 10s per ton for Angola. The demand for Tuspintikb con tinues regular for parcels of fair quality at 7e, at which price 2,00 J barrels have been sold. No sales reported ln Tar. Tbe buii. nets In Ashks has been upon the most limited scale, at prices scarcely varying from those of last week. Hidbs- No sale of momett have transpired this week. Tobacco.-There has been a large business transacted during the month, acd the sales reach 1,900 hhds, v! ., 470 Virginia leaf, 500 stemmed, 235 Kentucky itat, and 695stemmed of these 450 were for Ireland, 130 for Scotian l, '260 for export, 220 for resale, and the remainder to the trade Prices continue steady, and the market firm. The transaction! In East India Drysaltery articles are quite unlmpartant this week. U chests Madras Ivdigo sold at 3s 2d to 3s 9d, a small lot of Chlnt Turmbric at 23s, and a few chests Shkll Lac at 4'J . Only 100 baga Saltpktrb to report at 25a 6d, acd a similar quantity of Ni tratk of Soda at 19s par sound, and 16s fid all faults . Sugar • There continues a steady demand forB.P., and the sales are 40obhd , without change In price. Bengals are more Inquired t at, particularly very fine white descriptions, and 4,000 bags have l een disposed of, chiefly from 67s 6d to 69s per cwt. 400 baga Mauritius are also reported. Foreign 32 cases good brown Bahia have been sold at J9i, and about t 00 boxes ordinary to good yellow Havanna at 2 • to 22s fid, and 70 boxes white at 27s per cwt. Molassbs.-A fair demand continues, and the sales amount to 2UO puna Demerara, oC good quality, at 28s from the quay, and 60 puns Antigua at 29s per cwt. Copfkk.-There are no sales of Plantation to report, but 50 bags Ceylon have been dl po ed of, the price uot reported. Of Foreign, 36 brls of fair mlddliog La Guayra brought 6tJ , an 160 baga good Coats Rica 61a per cwt. Nothing worthy of notice taa oc-curred in Cocoa, Ginokr, TarreR, or Pimento. No aalra In Rick. Rum.-The sale are 55 puas Jamaica, of a favourite mark, at 4a 9i, 40 Demerara, and M casks Eant India at 2a per gallon. Tea -The demand continues limited, and the few transactions that have Uken place have been at rather earier price . WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET, Dec, 3 , The freali arrivals this week were large of heat and small of other articles tine qualities were comparatively scarce, and full maintained their previous value, but Interior aorta wer is ptr quarter cheaper. Barley also met a slow sale at a r duc ion ef la-per quarter. Beans, Oats, and Shelling, on a llintud retail inqaln were unaltered in value. Wheat Nortorlk and Suffoik, new re'., 45s to 4o , tine 50a Lincoln ur d Cunbri'ge. 43s t . 45s. fine 48s Yorkshire, 43s to 44s, fine 46s new w .lte, 46s to 4Vs, Lee 54s old red, 43s to 4os, fine 48S old white, 45fto 4 s, floe 62a per quarter of tipihs to the bushel. Oats 16 to llri, tine 21s per qoai ter mealing, 9dto9Vkd, tine 9bd peri tom. barley-Norfolk and Suffolk. 26s to 28s, Chtv. 3Us Llocolnilure, 24s U 26s, fine 27s Yorkshire Wold, 24s U 2fis. floe 27s per quarter of 44 lbs. Beaus old, 29s lo 8 s, tne 32s new, 24e ts 27s, tin 29s per quarter of 63lbs. 8heiling, 23a to 24s per load of 2fil lbe. Malt, 33a to 36 . pne 38m per load of 6 baahels Imperial. Rap . •eed, £00 to 31, fine £32 per last imperial. Arrivals report 1 . Wheat 7,667, Barley 2.391, Data 926, Beaus 690, Ftas 173, 3hel ling 730. . IT-WOOL AIARKETS-Saturday. Lbbds-English Trade continues much the same In this branch-very dull but this is usual ln Christmas week. Foreign There hat not been much business doing this week, being 'tie closing week of the year, and many are hoping for an Increase of trade In the new year. Wakbkibld.-There has not been much doing this week , f w •ales of any note have been effected. Liverpool.-As usual at tula period of the year, there la very little demand for either Foreign or Scotch Wool. The tranaactioua during the lust week were on a very limited scale, but there was no material variation in prices. Arrivals this weekForeign, 5 0 Scotch, 184. Prevloualy this yearForeign, 33,634, Scotch, 3,092. Total -Foreign, 34,214 Scotch, 13,276 Credulity.-We have seldom heard of a more striking instance of credulity than the following 1 , which occurred a week or two aigo, to a farmer who resided ou the borders of the adjoining county of Yorkshire, in tlie parith of Bowland, and near to the town ol SUidburn. The name of his farm was Gold Hill, or, as it is called by bi neighbours, Gowd Hill. A gypsy called upon the subject of our story, and knowing well the weak side of humanity, after speaking of the name of bis farm, gave him sundry hints of its having reference to eome treasure con Arr, Doe. Arr. Lae Dobilu .. 0 Ma!®-0 . W Waterford 1 . ... 0 Ostond . u .. o Franco 0 1 Leeward Islands . .. ... O Guernsey an-1 Jersey. . . ... o Mexico ..o .. 0 Flandero.... ..... 0 . ....0 Jamaica .. 0.. .. u Holland 0 .. 0 Halifax.. ..0 . ... 0 La Guayra 0 . ....0 Brazil .. .. . . 0.. ....0 Hamburg 0 . ....1 Lisbon and Glbraitsr 0., ... 6 cealed on the premises, aud which she could discover by certain means in her power. The wily hajr quickly toot advantage of his credulity in lending 1 a willing 1 ear to her LIVERPOOL, Dec. 31. eillPS ARRIVED. The Isabella from New Orleans, and Rising Sun from Laguna. SHIPS HVTBRKD POR LOADI.VO. The Grecian for Civita Wcchla, James Dunn for Corfu, Patras, aud Zante, Zoteff for Havannah, Susquehanna for Philadelphia, and Sarah for Smyrna. SHIPS CT.BAREI OUTWARDS. The Salome for Leghorn, Pearl for Lisbon. Patna and Nautilus for China, Nestor for Calcutta, Antigua packet for Cey ! on, Autumnus for Jamaica, Joseph Porter for Mobile, and Sheffield for New York. The Rising Sun, from Laguna, at this port, sailed on the 14th of November. The P. H. Deau was to sail In fourteen days for this port. Tbe Duke of Wellington and the Sultana were to commence loading in a few days for this port. The port ef Laguna was declared to be In a state of blockade. Ofl'port, the Corinthian, from Patras. LONDON MARKETS-Saturday. MATCH against TIME.-BRUTAL TREAT-MENT of a HORSE. Justicb Room, Nbwbury.-On Thursday last William North, of Momnouth-8treet, Bath, tavern-keeper, appeared before William Mount, Esq., chairman, and other magis trates, to answer the complain t of Mr. Henry Thomas, the secretary pf the Royal Society tor the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, which charged him with haviug wantonly and cruelly abused, illtreated, aud tortured a horse, at the parish of Wolford, in the county of Berks. The defendant pleaded not guilty. SALE OF THE LATE MR. CLARK' STUD, AT YORK Baronet, 440 gs Master Thomas, 110 gs Lord of Hokerness, 3 gs . Philip, 370 g Aberneihy, 120 gs The JEra, 390 gs , Sir FeDj mln, 50 gs Amelne, 44 gs. Brood Mares-The dam of Amelne, 76 gs Philip's dam, 110 gs Era's dam, 80 gs Chapean de Pallie. 31 gs mare by Ishmael out of Arachne, 63 gs Lollypop, 53 gs mare by Langor, out of Marlon, l00g Rory O'More'a dam, 136 gs mare by Velocipede, out of DorabelU, 33 gs mare by Velocipede, out of Streamlet, 70 gs. Yearlings - Brown Bess, 29 gs Vates, 255 gs Theraicus, 250gs ch g by Ebberton, 52 gs. Foals-Colt by Bay Middleton, out ef Ameine's dam, 29 gs colt by Bay Middleton, out of Philip's darn, 185 gs colt by Gladiator, dam by Langar, 30 gs colt by Gladiator, out of Lollypop, 21 gs a id filly, by Gladiator, d by Ishmael, out of Aracr.e, 17 gs. The Shall stallion , 225 gs. Colonel Thompson's Hamlet fetched 470 gs. The following lots were also Bold, the property of Lord George Bentlp.ck -Marrow Fat, 29 guineas Torchlight, 3 yrs, 29 guineas. Foals of 1842.-b c by Bay Middleton out of Phantaslma, 15 guineas b f by Bay Middleton out of Torch, 10 guineas and b by Bay Middleton out of Torchlight, 10 guineas. M isceilaneous lots.-Hamlet, 47t'lgulneas Bother'eni, 106 guineas, Twilight, 3 yrs, 100 guineas Sister to the Lord Mayor, 6 yrs, IM guineas i Alisa Harewodd, 4 yrs, 82 gulneae Colt foal, by Sheet Anchor out of Theresa, 77 guineas Pelisse, 49 guineas b m by Belshazzar, dam by Capsicum, 49 guineas Blister, 30 guineas Syren, 3 yrs, 26 guineas. At the sale of tbe Coursing Stud of tlie late Mr. P. Houghton, of Man chester, the celebrated greyhoundTyrant fetched £210, Hester £ 105, aud several others, very good prices. Tiir Quebn's Hou.vDM.-On Monday the meet was at Stoke common the deer was turned out at East Burnham Beeches, she would not face tbe country, and after ringing about close by was taken after being at large an hour and a half. The field was a lerge one. On Thursday another strong muster at Dltton Marsh the first deer turned out got hurt by being mobbed, and hunted about before the hounds were laid on, consequently she was ran into lm medUtely. A second deer was then turned out which afforded l good hour and a quarter's run over a stiffisb country, namely, to Hook, and on to Epsom common, then to Ashstead-pnrk and Hedgeley, where the chase ended. Oa Saturday the dter was un carted at New Lodge, paise.i Mr. Blane's park and over the forest, crossed and re-crossed the Ihamei, and was taken near Windier, pH Mr. Thomas said Society for the Prevention oj that he appeared on behalf of the Royel . f Crueity to Animal , to prose cute the defendant for having most cruelly illtreated word or walk a etep. A policeman said he saw the gentleman in a helplesfi state at eleven o'clock, apparently supported by a vounir man ml. A HA flr.llKk montod fA I aK kjm U'li-AA. r . J wlto. no doubt, wanted to rob him. Witness interfered and a. tlie defendant wa wholly unintelligible, conveyed' him to the station- house. Defendant No doubt of it. The man ia right, my lord The Lord Mayor Was the man you were with your friend ?•-Defendant 80 much my friend that he wished to rob me of £9 or £10 that's all. But I want to be off It won't do for roe to lose £10 tt-day. I'll give what you please to the poor-bex. The Lord Mayor You don't appear to be soberaow Have you had any sleep?-Defendant Sleep! God bless you I've been asleep till now, and I have not had a drop to-' ay yet,' though Christmas is not over yet laughter . The policeman said that he had good reason to think that the gentleman had been robbed by a woman of the town of £3. Defendant Can't help that. Don't know It. Don't doubt it. But I'll be off now. How much tin shall drop'! The tie Lord Mayor Did the defendant offend or injure any body in his drunkenness?-The Policeman Nobody,my lord. The Lord Mayor Then he is fined only five ehillings. Defendant Then I'm off. The Lord Mayor Don't let roe see you on Monday morn ing a laugh Def ' lefendant Never, except, perhaps, we have a drop to gether great laughter A New Claimant for the Thkonb.-While Sir certain age, advanced to the table with the air of a Orena dler. The case having juet concluded, which occupied the attention of the two magistrates, Sir Jamee Duke, on be holding tbe lady, hastily quitted hi neat, and retreated Into .u- room sir Chapman Marshall wa . the magistrate private room however,not qnite io fortunate. The worthy magistrate, who appear as if some sudden calamity haa overtaken him, thus addressed the lady Now Miss Newell, what do you want with me?-Miss Newell With great solemnity Well, Sir Chapman, I've got you and though one gentleman won't listen to me another shall. For four-and-twenty year I've pursued this aublect. and a this ie the last day of tbe old year I'm thi eubject, and determined to bring It to a i omt Alderman Do, madam, tell me how to detain me '-Mi s Newell looking up at id then at her gold watch Why, what quarter of an hour? Alderman No pray say five minutes. Mi l Newell I'd rather you'd split the difference how-ou are going e office clock, do you think of prose-p ateda horse. The charge arose outof the following circumstances -The defendant and another person agreed to drive their horse from Bath to Newbury, a distance of 53 miles, in four hours and a half. They started from Bath on Wed nesdav the 7th ult., about nine o'clock in tbe morning, and thedefendant arrived at the Halfway-house, in the parish of Welford, shortly after one o'clock, having driven the poor animal forty-eight miles in four hours and a quarter. A witness would be able to prove that the conduct of the de fendant when he puesed the turnpike-gate at Welford waa most wantonly iruel. The landlord of the inn would be the next wituess, and he wonld describe the condition of tbe horse when put into hie stable, and that it died within twenty minutes after it arrived from the effects of having been over-driven. In the evening the ani-aial was examined by a veterinary surgeon in the presence of the landlord, and he should be able to prove that the immediate cause of death was the violent exertion it had been compelled to undergo. When the defendant rcaohed Hungerford, he stopped a minute or two to give the horse some sherry. At this place, several persons remarked tbe condition of the horse, and advised the de fendant not to proceed, as it was quite evident that the horse could not live to reach Newbury, He, however, per sisted, and continued towards the Halfway-house, wheu the death of the animal compelled him to give up the match. Mr. Thomas then called Robert Bemiater, who stated that he keeps the turnpike gate at Hoe Benham, in the parish of Welford, and that on the 7th of the present month lie saw the defendant and another person, about one o'clock, coming from the direction of Hungerford towards the turn pike gate. The o'her man wa on horseback, und had hold of tbe reins of another horse, which was har nessed to a light gig, and was dragging it along, while the defendant was walking by the side of the horse, and flogging it most violently. ben they came to the gate, he particularly remarked the condition of the MORTALITY OF THE METROPOLIS. NUMBER OF DEATHS FROM ALL CAUSES REUISTBRBD IN THE WEEK ENDING SATURDAY, DEC.' i!4, 1842. Epidemic, Endemic, and ContagiouB Diseases 158 Diseases ol the Brain, Nerves, audSenses 141 Diseases of the Lungs, and other Organs of Respiration 242 Diseases ef the Heart and Bloodvessels 19 Diseases ot the Stomach, Liver, and other Organs of Digestion ...................................... 128 North Districts .. 305,000 102 161 144 Central Districts . 373,806 188 185 149 East Districts.... 302,400 206 207 205 South Districts .. 438,000 221 228 207 Total 1.870,727 912 913 833 Mules, 395 Females, 438. Weekly average 1838-9-40-1 Males, 407 Females, 446. CORN ARRIVALS. The following are tbe arrivals ol Corn, Pulee, Seede, end Flour In the port of London, during the work ending on tbe Slit December. Englleh Wheat 3,723, Barley 7,192, Molt 5,024, One 2,8 5, Heans 979, Peai 677, Tarei 8, Llnioed 7, and sundry other •eedi 87 quarters, Flour 2,947 aocke. Scutch Wheat 50, barley 3,295, O-ts 3,985 quarters. Irish Oata 19,619 quarters. Fo reign Wheat 1,035, Barley 388, Beano 4,050, Pool 230, Tores 3,049, and sundry other seeds 7 quarters. F our 1,906 barrels. NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS. Miat.-Our markets, though they did not eihil.lt a very exten sive supply, nere In a very sluggish slate, sud ths quotations were a shads loner. Beer from 3s to 3a 5.1, Mutton 3s 4d to 4s 2d, Veal 3l 8d to 4s 2d, snd Pork 3s 8d to 4s 6.1, per Slbs by the carcase. Poult ay.-The supplies of both game and poultry ou isle here lo day bring extensive, the general Inquiry was heavy, at the follow, lug somewhat depressed rstee Turkeys 5s to 20s, Geese 4s to 7 , Capons 4s to 10s, Roasting Pigs 4s to 8s, Rabbits 44 to la 3d, Hares 2s to 3s 6d, Partridges Is 3d to 2s, Woodcocks 2 to 3s, Pheasants 2s 6d to 4s, Qrcusa 2s to 3 , Ptarmigan Is sd to 2s Cd, Snipes is to Is 6d, Teal 4d to Is, Wild Docks Is 3d to 2s, Widgeons 8d to Is d, Plovers d to 8d, and Pigeons rid to lOd each, Fowls 4s to 8 , Chickens 2s to 4s, a. d Ducks 2l to 5s per couple. Fresh Rutter Is 3d to Is 5d per lb., Eggs 8s to i0s tier 10 1, WHITECHAPEL. The supply of meat was large, though Inquiry for It was slow, it late rates. Reef from 3s 2d to 3s 81, Mutton 3s 4d to 4s 2d, Vtal 3s fed to 4s 21, and Pork 3s 6d to 4s 6d per 81b, by tbe carcase, NEWPORT. We hid a large entity of meat brought forward this morning, the sale for nhlch was slow. Beer frem 3s 2d to 3s I0J, Mutton 3s to 4s 2d, Veal 3a 8d to 4s 4d, cud Pork 3s 8d to 4s id per Bibs by the carcase. BILLINGSGATE. We had a decided Improvement In tbe demind for moat kinds of fish, and tbe rates hid an upward tendency. Turb .ta sold at from 10s to 24s, Cod-fish Is fid to 12s, Haddocks 4d to Is 2d, Whit-logs 4d to 8d, Mackarel fid to Is 2d, Dorya 2s to . t fid, Crabs fid to 2s fid, and Lobsters Is 3d to 3s id each. Soles 8d to 3s 3d par pair. Smelts Is lOd to 3s, Fresh Herrings Is to 2s 4d, and Thamte Flounders Is 2d to 2s 2d perdozen, Salmon lud to Is 44,Crlmpdd Skate fid to 10J, und Kelt fid to li 3d per lb, Sprats 3s to 4a 3d, cud Oysters 16s to 25s per bue'oel. HUNGERFORD. Notwithstanding the supplies of meat and other articles wrrs scanty, the general Inquiry waa slow, at about late rates. COVENT GARDEN. Owing to the continued mildness of the weather, we had a very large supply of most kinds of vegetables on sale lu to day's market, while the demand was heavy, at barely last week's curreacles. Fruit was again abundant, and tltremely low In price. Potatoes sold hit vlly, at their quotations. Potatoes from 3t to 4s per cwt. Turnips Is lOd to 2s ltd. Carrots 3s to 5 , Coleworts or Greens Is 3d to 2s, and Leeks la to Is fid per dozen buuches, Applea !■ 3d te 3s, Pears 4s to 5a fill, Onions Is fid to 2s fid per half sieve, New Oranges and Lemons 8s to IPs, and Walnuts Ivd to Is 4d per !09, Erocoll fis to 12s, and Celery 13s to 18s, perdozen bunches, Endive Is fid to 2s 6d, per score, Savoys Is to end Red Cabbages 2s to fis per dozen heads, Mesh rooms Is to Is fid, and Smell Salad 2d to 3d per punurt, Turnip Radlehes fid to Ie per dozen bends, Horseradish I ■ id to 3s per bundle, Spanish Nuts Js to 3s t Barcelona 3s to 3s 2d, and Chestnuts 2s 6d to 3s fid per peck. HAY MARKETS. Smituviblp.-Coarse Meadow Hay, atr.'l Os to jff3 I5 useful ditto, jff t 1 SI to 4 4 4S j hue Upland ditto, jC4 5s to 44 10s Clover Hay, 4 4 u 0s Ost Straw, stl to 42 2r 1 Wheat Straw, 42 3s to 42 4s per load. Spply moderate, and trade rather dull, at about stationary prices. Cumukai.and.-~Coarse Meadow Hay, 43 5a to 43 15s j useful ditto 44 to 44 5s fine Upland ditto, 44 fis to 44 12a j Clover Hay, 44 s to 45 fis Oat Straw, 4 2 la to 43 3s Wheat Strew, 42 4s to 42 6e per load. A ehort supply and a staady Inquiry, at the above quotations. WatTscuAriL.-Coarse Meadow Hay, 43 Os to 43 15s useful ditto, 44 Is to 44 4s doe Upland ditto, 44 5s to 44 U S Clover Hay, 44 5s to 45 I5e r Oet Straw, 41 ISllo42 2s Wheat Straw, 42 3a te 42 4e per load. Both Hay and Straw met a slow Inquiry, wit! out material alteration In figure. BIDE MARKET. Raw Hidxs.-Best Steers and Hellers, fisOd tofisSd Middling Hides, 5s 4d te 5s lud inferior ditto, 4s Sd to 5s 2d, at per stone of!4lbs. Siixse and Calf-Skins.-Market Calf, 8s Od to 9s 8d Lorg-woo.led Sheep, 2s lOdtu 4s 4d Short ditto, 2 2d to StdJat per sklu. . BREAD. The prices of Whee'en Bread In the metropolis are from 7d to 7Md of Household, 5d to fitv.i, per 4-lb loaf, Liverpool markets. aiTIIW OF THI LIVIUFOOL COTTON MARKET FOR THI W i . XNDINO FRIDAY, BBC. 30. The trade purchased rather eiteulvely of Cotton during the peat week the demand wae freely met, and the lower qualities of American ,tlo gig horse, which appeared completely exhausted, and hardly able to put one teg before the other. Witness fully ex pected that if the defendant had stopped to pay the toll, the orse would have dropped down and died. They pasted through the gate, and, a far as the witness coultj see, the defendant continued to flog the poor animal most unmerci fully. It was about ten minutes past one o'clock when they passed witness. Tbe Halfway-house la about a quarter of a mile further on, Robert Ailee, the landlord of the Halfway-house proved that tbe horse died in his stable within a short time alter the defendant arrived, in consequence, in the opinion of witness, of having been over-driven. This waa also the opinion of tbe veterinary surgeon. The defendant, who appeared to treat the matter with great indifference, did not deny that he bad driven the horse the distance in the period of time stated but said that tbe death of the horse did not preceed from over-ex-ertion, but because it had been fed shortly before starting, and had been allowed to take some cold water at Marl borough. The magistrates having consulted together, tbe Chair man told the defendant that the magistrates were Unani mous in convicting him of the offence charged, aud that he eter, I cbd say a good deal iu five minutes loud laughter , 1 must pay a penalty ot £5 6s. 6d., casts included or, in Alderman Well, begin. j default of payment, be imprisoned for two months, with Miss Newell Sir Chapman, do you believe in a God ? hard labour. Alderman jRe lly madam, I- The penalty was paid Camberwell Anti-Corn-law Association,■ A special meeting of this branch of the Metroplitan Asso ciation was held on Friday evening at the Rosemary Branch, Southampton-street, Camberwell, for tbe purpose of orga nising the district for tbe collection of the Great League Fund. Mr. Lyon, the honorary secretary, who did uot arrive until near nine o'clock, stated, in explanation of his absence, that he had been detained at a meeting at the Central-office, West Strand, and he waa happy to inform them that.Mr. Faulton, from Manchester, bad addressed that meetiug, and recommended a line ot operation for the bet ter success ot the objects they had in view, which had been unanimously adopted, and a resolution passed to carry it out. Mr. Lyon then proceeded to explain the measure which had been decided upon after which he stated that he was now prepared to Issue subscription cards for amounts vary ing from Is. to £5, so as to suit all classes of subscribers, and to receive the names of such gentlemen a wished to co-operate with the committee sitting at the British Hotel, Cockspor-strest. Upon the subject of registration of members on the roll of the League, he had to report that he had put iu circulation one hundred sheet , to which 2,000 signatures had already been affixed, and a registration fee of irom one penny to a shilling received from each party, making in the aggregate £20 applause , which sum he had no doubt would be considerably increased before the close of the registration. As that was the last meeting for the year 1842, he would state that he bad funds to commence the next year's campaign. The receipts for the year, including the amount realised by two soiriet. were £85, of which, after all disbursements, he bad a balance in hand ap plause . Several gentlemen then address d the meeting, ref-rrei tie fund. Amongst tne names gi Messrs. W ilkinson, Chairman of the association, Goulston, W. Clarke, J. Smith, F. Ferranti, J. Bone, J. Poulten, J. A. Lyon, Sec. The meelir.g then separated. Murder Twenty Years Aao.-A man of the name of Cornelius Brosnaran, was last week committed by J. Drummond, Esq., the stipendiary magistrate of this town, to the county gaol, charged with a muider com mitted twenty years ago on a man named Edmond M 'Sweeney. The prisoner wad arrested by one of the police twn io Stationed in Cas'leiehtofi.-ifeev,, Eoarrtinrr, . , were plentiful at th quotations of this day se'nulght, which we also repeat for other descriptions, though rather higher prices were obtalnad fer the better kinds. The market closed aoinewhet quietlr to-day. Tbe Irausacttona were on a large acale, 36,050 bales having met with purohaaers 200 American and 100 8urat were bought by exporters, and 6,500 American were taken on speculatl .n, 4, .20 American and 20 Marxnham were forwarded Into thelnterlor.nnaold, this month, COTTON MARKET, Dkc.31. The sales to-day were ratber limited, not more than 3,000 I a'ea haring met with buyers. Prices were perfectly steady, and the market closed quietly. CORN MARKET, Dxc. SO. We have had fair Imports of Oats aud Oatmeal from Irelaud, but tha arrivals of other articles thence or coastwise have been very light since Tuesday, and the foreign supplies were also on a limited acale. Having a very thin attendance of buyer at market thie morning, the Wheat trade conUnued dull, and the transactions lu that de scription of grain were extremely few, atlll prices were In all in stances steadily maintained. English and Irish Flour ou a fiat loqulry were rather cheaper, hut foreign aorte were unaltered In value. Oata wete iu moderate request, on terms nearly equal to those last quoted, aud Oatmeal waa firm. Prim Barley and Malt brought full prices, other qualities were unsaleable, and ItaLS and Peas were neglected. IRISH PROVISION MARKET, Dxc. 30, The fresh arrivals of Butter from Ireland alnce Saturday lait have amonnted to 4,788 firklna. Our Butter market bax been ruber brlak thla week. Sareral wholeaal dealera from tbe country, anti, dpatlng a further advance from tha llghtneaa of tbe atocks, bars been extenalre buyera, and the homa cona imptlen trade altogether haa had a good tone. Fair tb fine deacrlptlone were held for an ad vance of 2e to3a per cwt. en prevloua rate , but we hare no lm. proven.ent to notice In Inferior aorta, owing to tbe Import iron Canada having been considerable of late, and comprlaed bfvariou qualities, which were moatly offered on low terms. Cork pickled aecondi were In demand for axpurt, end I to 2 per cwt. nearer Bacon movedeff alnwly. Irlah keg Lard waa acarce, and Amt.lean waa in gaod requeat. at 44a to 45a per cwt. duly laid. Barrelled Provletcna w.re uken to a moderate extent for ahl. x' atorei and exporter purchased 60 barrels of Disband 150 barrels tf American Beef acd Pork. Butter Belfast, new, 7fi to 78a Ballymony, 74a fo Banbridge, fifia to 72a t Carlow, new, 64a to 78a Cork Idle tales, aud, in answer to his request to be put in pos session of the treasure, required the usual infallible' crossing of the hand with money, and as the riches to be ob tained were great, so the amount demanded was high, Icing no less than £100. But as riche were not of easy attain ment, and such an opportunity of acquiring them seldom occnrs the weak-minded fellow determined to possess the treasure, and gathered all his money, which amounted to £25, as the price for the information, but the sylnl would not sell him the secret for this sum, und he accordingly bor rowed of his neighbours £75, to make up the amount de manded. The'gypsy having received the hundred sove reigns, wrapped them in a piece of brown paper, and going with the man up stairs, they both kuelt down, and, after pretending to utter some charms upon them, she returned to him a brown parcel, to lie put in a box, which was not to be opened lor a week, when there was to be£t50. The tale scarcely needs to be further told on opening tbe parcel there were one hundred and fifty pieces of tin ! When the fraud was discovered the impostor had decamped, but she has been traced to the neighbourhood of Manchester, A reward of £10 is offered for her apprehension.-Prt ton Chronicle. Accident to the Dover Coach.-On Satur day night, about half-past seven o'clock, an accident occurred to the Phoenix Dover Coach, which had just arrived from Dover, at the Bricklayer's Arms, in the Old Kent-road. The coachman had got down from the box, as customary, giving tlie horses in charge to a man at their heads. Several of the passengers also got down, having three others, two gentlemeu and a boy, on the rt o'. In a few minutes the leaders were startled by the sudden smack ing of a carter's whip, and notwithstanding all the efforts of the man to stop them, set off at full gallop, through the gate in the New kent-road, and proceeded at a tremendous pace, with the reins dragging at their heeds, towards Weet-minster-bridge. The passengers on the outside wore in the greatest terror, and the shouts of tbe people in their endea vours to stop tne horses but increased tbe auimals' speed. They passed the Elephant and Castle without coming in contact with any ot the numerous omnibuses plying there, and pursued their carter along the St. George's-rosd, to the Marsh-gate, in the Westminster-rond, through which they dashed without the least damage. By the time the horses reached the foot oi Westminster-bridge they began to slacken their speed, and the two gentlemen clambered over the roof of the coach and descended behind, but the boy was afraid to attempt it. Just as the horses reached the centre of the bridge a boy with a truck, another branch Dover coach, and a brewer's dray, were coming in an opposite direction, and there being no room for them to pass, they all came with fearfnl violence against the dray, aud by the collision the coach was overturned and the lad was thrown violently on to the pavement, and miraculously escaped unhurt. One of the leaders was killed on the spot aud the forepart of the coach was smashed to pieces. Tlie lad draw ing tbe truck fortunately escaped with only a few bruises. Tne damage done to the coach is very considerable. Thunder Storm.-On Friday last this town and neighbourhood were visited with a mest terrific thunder storm, which did much damage in many places. Mr. Ellis, of Vi ardhouse, has suffered to a con-ideritble extent his house was struck with the electric fluid, which rent the gables almost every pane of glass in the windows were smashed, and much damage was done to the furniture. A servant girl, who had a knife in her hand, which attracted tho lightning, was severely injured and another servant girl is also greatly burnt. The children and nursery-maid were all in the nursery, seated round the tire, acd the entire room with the exception of the part they were in , was destroyed by the lightning. All the china, delph, snd glass are destroyed, and tho house, with the exception of a parlour and bedroom over it, is past repairing. The pendulum ot the clock was twisted like a screw. Never had any family a more miracu lous escape from so awful a visitation, Tho loss of property to Mr. Ellis exceeds £200. As far as weean learn, there lias been no loss oi human life, but the loss of cattle and other property throughout the country is considerable.-Hally' shannon Herald. DIED. December 31, aged 37, S.iaan, the beloved wife of P. Bakes. F of Fustou-cqnare, and daughter of J, Anat.ce, Fan., of Axzi'n-t.r, after a very severe and tinkering lllneaa, which ana hore with tf.e moat exea.nlary aud chrlatlan resignation. On the 30thnlb, at hla house, Tottenham green, dam.i Klritlei Bajea. In Cambridge-street, Coiii.augf.t-square, cn the Slat D-.a iiher. Eliz.heth, youngest daughter of Juhn Williams, Eaq., la o rr Maj-aty's Receipted Exchequer. On the 24th ult,, at St. Michael's, near ll.erpo.t, Abigail, the wife of Daeid Dockr y. Ou the 27th ult. Thomas Blnnx, f Mount Ve non s'r.t, L'ver-verpool, a member of the Society of Friends. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDOK THIS DAY. Morning.,.. 59 min. oast 2 I Afternoon 18 min. reel 3. ALE by Mii O of LINEN DR.1 POSTER, is now on ALEbyMH. FOSTER.-The GREAT SALE APEKY GOODS, announced to take place by Mr. . on at the corner of Fleet aud Farrinzdon-street#, being the entire STOCK of the largest wholesale trading flrraj in the City. Mr. FOSTER i§ inetruct d to SELL the whole of thct GOODS to retail cuelomtrs, haring repretented to the proprietors thw difficulty of etTrcting an efficient sale at his Auction Moonm, where the nobility and per-ona calculated to purchase eipensi-.e linen , and curiously tine dflmack cloths. See., would not attend. As these goods hare been accumulating eomo yeire, niinyo' hs articles are of a superior fabric tr those of the present d-y since team has so completely superseded haad-loom wearing . Tn answer to tbo numerous orders for the silks and tuncy goods adrertiied that part of the stock is entirely cleared out, and in ord-.-r that the r main ing portion o' the Ntock.coneist.ng of Carpets, Linens, 6cc. may bo deposed of quick'? the premises being let , 2s. in tho pound will be allowed extra off all ourchases that exceed ten pounds. The sale no r consists principally or linrns of the finest charnel r, and the reduction is guaranteed to the following extent, • will bo Men on inspection 5SO pieces of Bennett's finest Coleraine I nto, of tho original a. d. value of Is. 9d. and 2s. per yard, will be sold all at 36 yards for tt 0 100 pit-cos of the finest numbers, suitable for the wear of the nobility or persons wishing finest linens, 26 yards for . . 42 0 About 1,400 pieces of Knox's stout linens, that were bought fnm him direct at I6 d. per yard, average, will bo reduced t 26 yards for Several boxes of yard wide curiously fine toft Irirhes Aue nally marked as. od. per yard, are ftrthor reduced 26 yards ftr The sheetiug and table linens arc all of the finest description, the coarser qualities having been old to the trade. The pri-' will be for lioer. shet tings, fine quality, three yard wide, the p ir, 10s. 6d. and tho?tf of the very besi description, full bleach d, sni of the original value of 9i. 6d. to s per yard, will be reduced to 2U . the pair. Tbe foliowing is a list of table 1 cens, as per book, rendered to Mr. Foster -table cloths, all two yards square, fim §t dsma k, rach 3s. 6d., or by the dozen 300 dozen of breakiait cloths, yards square, all etch Is. td., or by the dozen 600 surerb damask cloth , full three yards Ior.g, valued as per book at 2. s. each, will be sold, each About ICO, full three yards long, inferior damasks, will be sold, at, each si 0 ¥ 0 IS 4 1 6 0.2 3 0 Besides about £3',000 worth of the moet curious aod expensive ublo cloths and napkins, mai.y with coronet, landscapes, and emblems tioal dcvlgns, varying from a tog yards lon , mi n y of the rigtr al value of 10 guineas each, will be sold, being o yards iong, for f. id 40s. 160 doieu of nai k'ns are reduced from due. to g-. 6d. the J z Q, and tewral . - !• Sifc ftNFOUS. er dozen yards . • • • • Ml # ft 9 . 14 6 1 l Counterpanes for cfcarftlcs. per dozen 13 d Cambric hsvidk. rrhiefs. real Fr-uch, perdozen . . • • Lawn ditto, th i dozen . .••••• f ® Blankets, wnwbing e ght p unds. ier pair , . , • J Superior Witney, 6 jordeiong. per pair . . .in toe ® W..fvjrt f, by CH.RUIS MiCS.t of o. !M r' ewnl. in 'te -s.iutv of tele t!. e. v M'rM.v, January
[OCR_aligned] IRELAND, OUH OWk'c DEC ' 81 -11. . LAff l LOHr c 2?v ™® poi,, b, t0 I have learned that T NANT8. 1 ■ tauty of Loutb. for . T 'l u, i 'to® ia in prorre. ™ ei toaddre h?v? 'ioff ot the THB MORNlWe CHROWICLB, MONDAY, JykNUARy 8. pro free in the d Wthe Crn. 01 • landowner and a viewer lu y he drawn 8 a tkm so deep as not to be touched by the plough for, if not, and the dralus be made of tiled,@then Chapman, to £38,0 H , and so it remained in their the bankrupts' books, until 1833, when William and Charles Ridge took out the £10,000 as residuary legatees, and then restored the debt of Fry and Co. to its original amount of £48,000. Beside these palpable frauds, they paid legacy duty of £9,256 8s. lOd. upon their father's will, and Sir. Commissioner Fane That was a fraud which was the cause ot expense to them, as you say they had nothing to receive under their father's will. Mr. Chambers That might, sir, be so, but it was done with a view to deceive tiieir customers, in order ultimately to benefit themselves. Mr. Charles Ridge had lived for years at the rate of £1,500 per annum, and that, although he must have known the bank to be in a state of hopeless insolvency. From a statement of their affairs put before tbe Court of Review in a former stage of these proceedings, their real deficiencies from 1828 were these in 1829, £51,400 in 1830, £51,900 in 1831, £46,000 in 1832, £47,000 in 1833, £42,000 in 1834, £48,000 in 1835, £52,000 in 1838, £59,000 In 1837, £62,000 in 1838, PTx nnn- in tiWO g70nnn. in tho v nr lfUO gW 100 • depth, and, as regards effect and cheapness, they should always be made narrow at the bottom. The width of the @raju at the top should be thirteen inches, and at the bottom about four inches and in that width, fie knew by experience, there was plenty ot room tor a man to use a spade and work. In filling the arains fie would recommend stones, when they could be had, tor they were more effective than tiles. In the construc@ tion ot the drains, care should be taken not to put in large etonee. Stones about the size of those used on the roads were the proper kind and, iu almost all cases, in that part ot the country, as many could be collected off the fields as would be required hear, hear . After the stones have been put in, there was another important matter to attend to, namely, the covering, and for that purpose he would recommend a sod. If the drain were executed as he recommended, he would venture to say that it would lust for filty years. The sod should be cut thin, and so large that when put on it would go up a little on each side. Then the one should overlap the other, so that there would be no opening to allow the soil to run in. Mr. smith, after some further obeervations on draining, Buid their fiat, hole o been reduced t, many of whom had lost tbe savings of the f a hard-worked life, and had subsequently to insolvency and beggary. It was quite clear that the bankrupts had been traders using every artifice to deceive the world, and he Mr. Chambers Uy at a loss to know upon what possible grounds they conld now come before the court and ask tor their certificate, Mr. Commissioner Fane I shall certainly find it neces@ sary to read the examination, and examine the accounts you hove referred to, before I can give my judgment iu this matter. Mr. Missing, for the bankrupts, strongly denied the allegations made against them. The errors they committed in keeping their accounts were entirely Errors of judgment, and out of 1,100 creditors, who were said to have proved against their estate, not one of them was now here to op@ pose the grant of the bankrupts' certificate. No conceal@ ment had been charged against them. No intentional fraud could be established, or was sought to be established ugaiust them they bad made a full disclosure of the real state of their affairs. The bad debts referred to as having been now due. He had gone to Hr. Cobbdd's solicitor, Mr. Wilkinson, and also to Mr. Goldsmidt, to ask for the job of distraining In both of Allford's places of business. He did not know that he should have gene if Allford had not sent him. There was a horse in tbe stables when he distrained upon Allford. He could not account for striking out the horse and cart, and putting down one set of harness instead of two in the list of articles distrained upon. Cross-examined by Mr. Cooke Allford told him that he had not paid his rent, and he thought he might as well ap@ ply for business. Goldsmidt was a wholesale warehouse@ man in Friday-street, of immense wealth. William Wyles, an upholster, and son-in-law of the in@ solvent, said that, as he was not in a condition to pay the £26 bills to which he had put his name, he would give up the lease for the benefit of the creditors. The witness handed the lease into court. Mr. Woodroffe commented upon the difficulty of fully accounting for the disappearance of the insolvent's pro@ perty. His debts in March last were £200 or £300 less than now, and the creditors had got but little out of the estate. Mr. Cooke 6aid, that from the time he attempted a com@ position with his creditors, the insolvent's affairs became worse and worse. For fourteen days at a time he had been kDown to take no more in bis business than 14s. Nothing but failure could be the result ot the competition to which he had been exposed. No evidence had been given of the wilful concealment of any ot his property. His wholo course of late had been a struggle with difficulties which came upon him in japid succession. He had now not @@penny in the world in his possession.. He had been beaten down by the force of circumstances over which he had no control. The learned Chief Commissioner adjourned the case for@@ fortnight, to give time for a farther and more rigid inquiry as to the insolvent's property. The insolvent, in consequence of the illness of his wile, was admitted to bail. The court rose at a late hour. POLICE NTELLIGBNCE-Satvrvay. BOW-STREET. , Base Roubkby.- W. Jones was brought up for final examination, charged with stealing two silver watches and other articles, the property of Edward Barrier. The prosecutor stated that he was a watchmaker and jeweller, and resided in Wych-strset, Drury-lane. He had known the prisoner for a considerable time, from his having oocupled apartments in the upper part of his house. Wit@ ness reposed the greatest confidence in him. in consequence of his very regular habits, and had frequently entrusted him with the charge of his shop during his temporary absence. On the 0th of December witnese hod occasion to leave home for a short time, aud he left the prisoner, as before, in charge of the shop, hut on his return he was astonished to find that the prisoner had absconded,- leaving the shop altogether unprotected,@and had taken with him two watches and a variety of other articles, tho property of witness. Hs immediately went to the nearest station-house and gave in@ formation of the robbery. , . Two pawnbrokers' shopmen were called, who proved tnat the prosecutor's watches had been pledged at their em@ ployers' shops by the prisoner within a few days after the robbery was committed. Pooock, an offieer, stated that, having received informa@ tion of the robbery, he made inquiries alter the prisoner, and at length succeeded in taking him into custody at a pub@ lic-house iu the Blackfiriars-road. The prisoner was next charged with stealing a waist@ coat, the property of a pot-boy at a public-house ln Oxford-He declined saying anything in his defence, and was committed for trial on both charges. MANSION-HOUSE. Attempt to Rob a Lady.-A well-dressed young fellow, named William Melbourne, was brought before the Lord Mayor, charged with having attempted to rob a lady. Mr. Waddington, of No. 119, London-wall, stated that he saw the prisoner, who was accompanied by another per@ son, thrust his hand into the pocket of a lady, who was nassing along the street, aDd immediately collared him@ 'he lady was terrified, aud witness held the prisoner last, having been in the habit of taking such characters, as he often had large amounts about him. , , The prisoner, upon being asked who he was, said he had been a silversmith about six months ago, but he could uot exactly tell what he was at the present moment. The Lord Mayor requested to be informed who the pri@ Boner's father was and where he lived ?-The prisoner re@ plied that he really conld not gratify fils lordship s cu@ riosity. The Lord Mayor Is there any one here who can say any@ thing about you ?-The prisoner Not that I know ot, with the exception of the officer a laugh . Policeman No. 32 here stepped forward and said lie had known the young man as connected with a gang of thieves who infested the neighbourhood of tlie banking-houses, that some of the prisoner's former companions had been transported, and tnat he had been watched by the police on Monday last about the Bank lor five hours, in company of five most notorious robbers. The Lord Mayor This is bad testimony to your@character, Mr. Melbourne.-The prisoner Nobody can say that I ever was in oustody. Gooch, the turnkey of the Compter My lord, he has been in custody in the name of Jenkins, and the gaoler of Bridewell has been to see him, and- knows him well as an old acquaintance. , _ The prisoner Well, what is the extent of my offence @@The Lord Mayor You know I can send you as a rogue and a vagabond, and you must go for two months. The prisoner Very well, nere goes laughter@@ The prisoner was then committed to the House of Cor@ rection for the time stated by his lordship. Tub Honeymoon.-A tailor in a dirty shirt and without coat or waistcoat, whose name was stated to be William Raison, was charged by bis landlord, Michael Denny, a Corkman, in the same line ot business, with having cleared away the blankets of his .well-iurnished room, and deposited them iu the room of his uncle, a neigh bouring pawnbroker, for the small considsration ot the loan of three shillings. . Mr. Denny, in the genuine tone and with the unaffected that he would proceed to the subject of subsoil ploughing. P luc l ,0 'he credit of profit, were not at the time supposed After the land had been thorough drained, fissures and '® be bad, as all the world believed that Fry and Chapman cracks would be found in the subsoil and, therefore, it was woul 1 have paid at least 16s. or 17s. in the pound-and of importance that that subsoil should be mechanically U P 0U h e and a variety of other grounda.he respectfully stirred up. That might be done with the subsoil plough, submitted that the babkrnpts were entitled to their certf-with the pick, or with the spade. The subsoil plough was drawn with from six, and sometimes with as many as eight horses but it should never be used for a year, aDd in some lauds two years, after the land had been drained. He would recommend the ploughing to be across the drains tor, iu doing so, they would not only open a better channel for the carrying off of the water, but they would save labour fur it was much easier to plougb across a hill than up and down bear, hear, hear . The course to be taken, in using the subsoil plougb, was, first, to throw out a large open furrow of the active soil, with the common plough then the subsoil plough should follow, and thoroughly break up the subsoil. It would be important to take on as much as possible of the active soil with the common plough, and thereby leave ns little us tboy could for the subsoil plough to do for workiug with it was severe on both men and horses. When the subsoil was thoroughly broken up, the next furrow of the active soil should be thrown over the last opened furrow of tlie subsoil, and so on, until the work was ended. There was another advantage in the subsoil plough-it threw up any stones which came in its way. It was provided with a spur, for the purpose and another, and greater advantage, to be derived from using that plough, was, that they could take up the subsoil, bv degrees, and mix it with the active soil. Bringing the subsoil to the snrface all at once would produce great sterility hear, bear . Mr. Smith concludi d by saying he was ready to answer any questions that might be put to him. Mr. W. Blacker would inquire, for the benefit of tlie farmers, whether the drains shonld uot be made perfectly straight.' He had seen many iu the country which w re very crooked. Mr. Smith The drains should he perfectly straight for if you look at a Berpentiue river you wilffind its couise much larger than if it ran iu a direct line. They should id ficate. Mr. Commissioner Fane said that he was at present un@ prepared to give any judgment, but would read through the proceedings, and give bis adjudication on a future day. INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT- Dec, 31. .IN RB EDWARD ALLFQRD. , Edward Allford was opposed by Mr. Woodroffe, for Messrs. Hartills, wholesale ironmongers. No. 89, West Smith field. He was supported by Mr. Cooke. This insolvent was a furniture-broker aud bedstead-@manuiacturer, in Westminster-hridge-road. He was a bankrupt in 1832, aud discharged by the Insolvent Court in 1835. His liabilities under his present insolvency amounted to £800. The good debts due to him amounted to £@ 9s. The ground of the opposition was making away with bis property... ,. He was examined by Mr. Woodroffe, at considerable length, as to the disposal of his property. He had laid out about £400 ou his premises und rent und taxes bad run away with the rest. He had a lease ot tho house in Westmiu6ter-brldge-road, but had parted with it about six mpnths ago to a Mr. Wyles, because he lent his name to four bills of £20 each, which, becoming- due, he by that means got renewed. He had put tbe creditors for the £20 bills in the schedule. He had no objection to have tbe lease filed, provided Wyles would give it up. He had agreed at a meetiug of bis creditors, in March last, at Peele'i Coffee-house, to pay £20 a fortnight into the hands of Mr, Bartholomew, who, with another gentleman, was appointed to receive it, lor distribution amongst the creditors. He bad juaii uui tic came to uic tv -j gave him wbat he axed for, but I let hi ml and@ his wile a room, and I not only let 'em a room, but I lent him the money to marry his wile wid laughter . Well, sure enough they got married, and borne be lugs her to my decent resjjectable place and as I must tell the truth, upon my sowl they took liberties with my bed in a most shame@ ful manner laughter . The Lord Mayor You mean they stripped the bed of tbe bed clothes t-Complainant Your lordship talks of it as if you were present and seen all that happened. Yes, they did take every stitch, and the devil a morsel of bed was to be seen in the place. The Lord Mayor And how long have they been married .'-The Complainant Two months, your honour and to make him comfortable I gave him a job that I had to do myself, but he was too lazy to do it, and Dothing could get him out of his bed a laugh . Mr. Hobler What, uot at the snd of two months ?-The Complainant No, faith. A body might tbinkjthat after the first month he might rise to attend to business, but the devil a bit oi him could be got up by hook or by crook until the morning he tnck my blankets to bis uncle, and then both him and her got up early enough to strip the whole building laughter . Mayor Is he a countryman of yours Bi The Lord be made straight, because there is less labour and less ex@ pense in doing so. Mr. Bi.ackbr inquired whether draining the laud in a dry season would not make it too dry. Mr. Smith said that was a very general opinion, but it was an erroneous one draining in dry weather had the contrary effect It pulverised the earth and made it spongy, so that it retained more water in the pores of it than it would under other circumstances. Several other questions were put, and answered very satisfactorily by Mr. Smith. A vote of tnauks was passed by acclamation to Mr. Smith. , . Mr, Smith having returned thanks in suitable terms, the meeting separated. Mr. Smith delivered a lecture on draining and subsoiliug in Glasslough. the seat of Mr. Leslie, on Tuesday. He lectured ln Monaghan, also, on Thursday. On each occa-lion there was a large attendance ef the landed proprietors and intelligent farmers and an anxiety not t@o lose a ayl-@abie that fell from Mr. Smith was visible in almost every vmn tenancy. -POOR LAWS-PROPOSED PUBLIC MEETING. A requisition, addressed to the mayor, is in course of eig-@nature@ calling upon his worship to convene a meeting of the inhabitants ot this borough, for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of calling on tho several boards of guardians and rate payers of the city and oouuty of Cork to fix a day previously to the 22d ot January for koldimr a general meeting of the rate payers of the city and Aount@rof Cork in reference to the abuses of the present poor-law.-Southern Refor@Ur. Mr. O'Connell is to at@ tend this jjloRj ~aN 1 TENANT. TO THE BDITOR OP THB DUBLIN BVKNINO POST. T Ardee. 29th December. qj r _1 j, eeg tete in this neighbourhood of one of the weal@thiest nrnurietora. a young man who has hitherto stood high in public opinion, Mr@ Thomas Fortescue, of Ravensdale Park, fats a member for the county, was yesterday invaded by a driver and a host of bailiffs one of whom was put in charge of each house and haggard, with two exceptions, on Tlifgraator number do not owe a farthing of the rent of 1941 • they are, without exception, industrious honest @@@Dle@ paying very high reuts-as high as 50s. per Irish iZ 'tEiV Je without leases such was the will of the late Lord Claremont, from whom the property is inherited , @@H vet compelled to build houses ol two stories, without other aid fihan slates if they purchase the @Umber fitted for such roofing, their scanty capital has been expended on those houses and premises their haggards are full of corn even the apprehension ol loss from Indulgence cannot h r Forteeoue is in the @Aunty of Kilkenny, psrtaklng mf the hospitality, and witnessing the kindness, the annual xlr-e-u indnees, of his lady's family to their tenantry. tenants here exclaim he knows nothing of what is @o@@oo,. bis absence, or of their sufferings. It is hoped this notice may attract his attention. A Man op Lovih. Mendicity.-The Lord Mayor.-The Right Hon. the Zord Mayor, with his usual liberality, has ordered the S word bearer Mr. Arkins , and the high constable Mr. linnott , to provide a plentiful dinner of beef, bread, ice,, to@ the tomat@o of the Mendicity on New Year's-daJ to-@morrow . Tho order ha@ been given in consequence of the Lord Mayor's intention not being carried out on Chrlst-@mas-day, the Lord-Lieutenant having sent them a dinner on that occasion. _____________ Forpniturb op a Hailway.- On Wednesda@ the 21st iiut., Sir Henry Hunloke, Bart., of Wingerwort' Hall@ proceeded, along with Mr. Brown and other wit-@nessee, to take pos I -i''ii of the branc@h line of raili sd leading from llopton bridge to Tiuih-i lane kuow@@o @he Duke's line , which the Ninth Midltjnd Com Sny ha@ for@ feited to him under certain arrangement .-Dirbjehtre Courior. p id three instalments to Mr. Bartholomew. He could not tell whether the money bad been paid to the creditors@@, distress had been put in by his landlord for rent, which be paid out by selling his horse and cart and bor@ rowing money from other people. A distress for rent had also been put into his other place oi business in Stafford-row, Fimlico. Tbe stock in trade and the goods, after they were condemned, were suffered to remain on the premises, in Westmioster-@bridge-road, ns it was thought that more money could be obtained by selling them by retail than at the auction-@rooms. Tne purchase-money of goods sold after the distress was put in went to the landlord. Mr. Woodroffe In your schedule you say that you paid Mr. Goldsmidt, the landlord of the premises in Stafford-@place, £25 within a fortnight of his distraining was that so '-Insolvent I am satisfied he had nothing so recently as that. . I paid £10, but that was six mouths before the distress was put in. The schedule was admitted to be in some ather particulars incorrect. The insolvent said he had been loeing for years, from opposition in business, aud other cAfises. Cross-examined by Mr. Cooke Seven or eight of his creditors attended the meeting at Pee@k's Coffee-house. He had said that he could pty them twenty shillings in the pound, if they gave him time to recover nimself. Notwith@ standing tbe agreement that he was to pay £20 a fortnight, some of tbe creditors sued him a short time afterwards. He was compelled to make forced sales to pay these de@ mands, and also to fulfil his engagement to pay the credi@ tors £20 a fortnight. The goods were taken to Bullock's and Foster's, ana the sacrifice was immense. His wife had b aD ill a long time, and he had heavy doctor's bills to pay. A large opposition shop was opened close to him, and they sold articles for 15s. which he could not get under 22s. or 25e. That firm had lately failed for £10,000. Tbe distress was put in for £86 2s. 6d., a year's rent. George Bartholomew, a carpet-manuiacturer in Fins-@bury-pavement, was then examined. He was a creditor of the insolvent for £8@12s. Od. When the meeting of credi@ tors took place he was a creditor to the amount of £50 7s. Id. Witness and Mr. Hartills were appointed to receive £20 a fortnight for the creditors. He had received £20 on the 20th of April last, ou account of that agreement. He had received £62@18s.@8d. in all. The £2 18s. 8d was for goods subsequently supplied to the insolvent. He received the money in six payments@ He received £40 ou account of his original debt. When the insolvent paid him the instalments he said he would bs a great fool if be did not keep it for himself. He did not add he should be a great rogue if he did so. Such an idea might have occurred to his mind a laugh . He dis@ tributed £11 7s. Od. in all amongst the creditors. He was not prepared to pay more, because he intended to appr@o priate it to the payment of his own debt. He could not name the time when the insolvent said he would be a fool if he did not keep the money himtolf. The insolvent did not say it to him. Hi@ young man told him that hs said so. He did not appropriate all the first £20 to himself, beca@me he thought the insolvent intended to keep up the payments. He neVer spoke to the creditors as to what he should do with the money. He had settled that in his own mind. Ha did not divide the money amongst the other creditors, as nothing could.be gained by it a laugh . The money was not then in his possession. He would not pay It in@to court, because be thought he ought to pay himself first. Mr. Cooke Have you ever been a trustee before, and acted in the same way ?-Witness It might be so a laugh, ln w@Mch the witness joined , Mr. Cooke said it was a shocking announcement -r The learned Chief Commissioner said it was a lamentable exhibition. The spectator@ had indeed leaghod, but it waa a kind of laugh us much as to say what a very consummate ' ' ' -h from the witness . The y said that he ought to be had made. More unblush@ ing dishonesty he never saw in hi@ life. F Thomas lleaford, broker, of No. 80, Bridge-road@.Lam-@bsfh. was examined as to tlie value of the insolvent@s pro@ perty when tie lend@krd. Mi -Cobbold, put in the distress, i riie total condemnation was £58. If it had been taken to n sale room it WtiuM not have produced £25 but the land@ lord had lost by holding over,@as another qaarter's rent was 1 Mayoi Complainant No, he says he is a for all that I don't wish to hurt him. But you see, my a - -The Sirmingham man, but lord, in my country we don't think it kind to rob a man that giveB another employment and lodging, and a wife in the bargain great laughterj. The Lord Mayor No it is not kind. The Complainant I must tell the truth, your honour he is a lazy and good-for-nothing fellow as ever crossed a board, Dut if he'll promise to work it out, I'll forgive him, and take him in again. The defendant said he was willing enough to work it out, hut he could not prevail upon his wife to let him get up in proper time in the morning laughter . And when he ar@ gufied with her, she said the honeymoon always lasted ano@ ther mouth longer, and she did not s e why they should be the first to break tbe rule. The Complainant Sure I didn't want yon to do so. But you might have earned 12s. a week at any rate, and had plenty of tun great laughter . The Lord Mayor to the complainant Well, you cer@ tainly are a good-natured fellow, and I think you may try this man once more. Let him pay you so much a week by working for you, and if he persists In lying in bed and neglectiug his business, bring him before me, and I'll cure him of his honeymoon tricks by sending him to prison@ where he shall have no inducement to lie in bed longer than nature requires laughter . Hie lordship then gave the complainant hall-a-crown to commence the new year with@ and received many blessings and thanks in return for his kindness from the poor ill-treated tailor. Mr. Robert Mercer, a man of property, wae put to the bar, charged with having arrived at such a Btate of intoxi@ cation on the preceding night as to be nnable to utter a Mias Newell Come, oome, Sir Chapman, I've got yon in a corner, and you must answer me. Do you believe in a God? • .I .... Alderman Upon my word, you must not-Miss Newell Oh, well, I suppose you do believe well, that's one point gained, however. Here the court was an irrepressible scene of laughter . Well, as I told you some twenty-four years ago, when we were both much younger, that I had a divine revelation from heaven, which informed me I should sit upon the throne of this kingdom. What was the consequence ? They locked me up In St. Luke's. However, I got out, nnd again I paid you a visit when yuu were lord mayor, at the Mansien-boose, some time ago. Alderman Yes, I remember it, Miss. Miss Newell ln a voice oi triumph Oh I you do remem@ ber it. Well, then, from that hour to this I have pursued the same steady line of conduct laughter , and my undy@ ing oouvlction is striking her hand with so much force upon the table that Mr. Scholefield was raised up from his nap , that 1 shall wear tbe crown of England, have a large house, and keep a great number oi servants. Alderman Now, pray madam, come to a conclusion, for you see tlie five miuntes have just expired. Miss Newell looking at the clock and again at her watch Not so fast, sir I know what o'clock it is roars besides, 1 say that the Queen of this counUry sets a had ex@ ample to her subjects. Alderman I cannot hear this. You must not be allowed to talk thus. I won't listen. Miss Newell But yon must, and I ask again, why the Queen, a lady occupying a station the highest in the land, does not suckle her owu child ? Only place me in such a situation, Sir Chapman, and I'll let the world see an ex@ ample ol a great@lady nurturingher@own babe. The gravity of tlie court was quite overcome by this speech, aud justice fairly laughed outright. Alderman Miss Newell, you have had more than five minutes allowed you, and I must beg of yon to retire. Do not compel me to use force. Miss Newell Well, I've done for the present. I rather like you, Sir Chapman, and as it's the last day of the old year I was determined to eay as much as I could, and I think I've opened some of your eyes, so give us your hand at par tin@? The alderman most good humouredly extended bis hand, at the request of the lady, who, after shaking it most warmly, dropped a graceful curtsey to the alderman, ex@ claiming, Pardon me, Sir Chapman, if I take leave of you in the words of a good old song-@ Adieu, thou dreary pile' '' loud laughter, during which the candidate for the Crown withdrew!. M A RLBOROUGH -STREET. Misconduct op a Fireman.-James Ewart, one of the London Fire Brigade, waa charged with having as@ saulted Humphrey Nathan, of@Star-court, Soho. It appeared that the@complainant's wife superintended a bath in Star-court, where ladies of the Jewish persuasion attended for the purpose of performing ablutions at pre@ scribed periods. . , _ The defendant one day last week came to the house, and said an alarm ot fire had been given at the brigade station, and he desired to be let In. The daughter of the complainant answered him to the effect that no fire was in the house, and that there was no need for the attend@ ance of the firemen. The defendant, however, pushed her on one side, and tried to force open the street door, which was shut but not being able to effect this, he opened the window, and made his way into the parlour. The defendant then went np stairs, and on encountering the complainaut, who had been roused at hearing the noise made by the de@ fendant, he pushed him against the wall, and proceeded to examine the house to see if any fire was about. The exa@ mination was fruitless, as no fire could be discovered. The complainant said the push was sufficiently violent to send him reeling against the wall. The defendant said an alarm was given that a tire was in one ot the chimneys in tbe defendant's house. He went to the place, and on being refused admittance hs got in at the window, and looked over the house, On going to the place where the copper was placed for heating the bath, he saw enough to induce him to believe that the chimney had been on tire. He denied having assaulted any one, and what he had done was solely with the view of preventing danger, in case the house had been on fire. The complainant denied that the upper chimney had been on fire. Mr. Hardwick said no fireman was justified under anV pretence in forcing his way into a house. The defendant's conduct was without exense, and therefore he should impose a fine of 20s, and costs. The inspector said he believed the Fire Brigade generally were aware that they were not permitted to force an entrance into a house against the leave of the owner. Air. Hardwick said, as the firemen had obtained sum@ monses for the usual reward, upon tho allegation that the chimney had been on fire, he certainly should not give any reward under such circumstances, and he should there@ fore advise the withdrawal. CLERKENWELL. A girl,@seventeen years of age, named Eliza Riley,@charged her mistress, a female named Ceos, a tambour-worker, in Vincent-terrace, Islington, with assaulting her, by cutting her hair off. The complainant said she was apprenticed by St. Giles's S arish to the defendant nearly six years ago, and had been, @uring that time, often ill-used by Mrs. Cox. On Wed@ nesday last the latter grumbled at her for not doing more work, and because she answered that she could do no more, her mistress suddenly came behind her, and cat off the hair at the back of her head. She then took off her bonnet and exposed where It had been hacked about. Mr. Combe, the magistrate, said he thought her mistress had done no harm whatever, that he could see nothing to find fault with, that if it was hacked her mistrees could get a barber to cut it even, and that if the complainant did not @o home and mind what her mistress said, she wonld be @rougbt up here and then 6ent to the House of Correction, where her hair would be crapped short enough, Tho poor parish apprentice was thon taken away, crying very much. She seemed to feel very sorely the loss of her hair, aud might have felt herself degraded by being cropped-at least, if she did not, thousands of girls at her age would have done eo. Bioamy.-A rather respectable-looking middle-aged man, named Thomas William Mead Shndwell, foreman in a corn chandlery @stabllshment, In Church-street, Isling@ ton, was charged with bigamy. Mr. Flower appeared for thi dart defended the prisoner, It Is much to be regretted that the magistrate have not the power to oommit to prison, instead of Infliotlng a fine, as in such a case as the present the pecuniary penalty is ut@ terly inadequate to the offence. the prosecution, and Mr. Stod-Mr. Flower stated that on the 10th of May, 1832, tbe pri@ soner was married in the parieb church of Hackney to Mies Sarah Brentford, hie lawful wife, with whom he lived two or three years, and then deserted tier, aqd that oil tbe 21st of January, 1838, he married Caroline Sparrowhawk Smith, Sarah 8hadwell being etili living. The second marriage took place in Trinity Church, Cambridge. Mr. Flower then handed in the certificates of both marriages, but stated that in consequence of his being unable to obtain the attendance of the second wife on that occasion, he would @@@i his worship for a remand. @r. Combe said he had as yet but documents, and a statement. He should hear some evidence. Mr. Flower then produced police constable Whikcber, of the detective force, who deposed to having arrested the pri@ soner on the previous night in Church-street, Islington. Mr. Justins Mr. Flower's clerk deposed that he ques@ tioned the prisoner, on his arrest, the previous evening, as to whether or not he had been twice married and the pri@ soner admitted he had. Some other witnesses were examined, particularly the brother-in-law of the first wife, who deposed to the first marriage, and to having seen both marriages in the Mar@ riage Record Book, in Somerset-house. Mr. Combe said he believed it was not the original Re@ cord-book that was kept there but a copy. The witness said he thought eo. Mr. Combe then expressed his readiness 1 to remand the prisoner. Mr. Stoddart hoped his worship wonld accept of bail for hie client, who was a man of excellent character, and gen@ teelly connected, and could procure it of a most satisfactory nature. Mr. Combe said he considered the ense of too serious a character, and too clearly eetablished, to admit of bail being received.-He was then locked up, SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. BETTING AT MANCHESTER-FaioAY. DERBY. 6 te 1 agit Scott's lot I 40 to 1 sgst Newcourt 8 to 1 - A British Yeomsn SO to 1 - Oiygen colt Uken 1 1000 to 16 - Cothcntone 23 to 1 - Aristides taken 1 1000 to IS - Evertoa 40 to I - Progress colt 1000 to IS Jemal COURSING. Belmont Meeting.-The eup was won by Mr. Bremer's Bseiwlng, betting in the deciding course Mr. Rtcktten'e Thlngs@bUJ. Bingham Meeting, Dec. 23.-The Chesterfield Stske@ewere won by Mr. Che@tUe's Lath, snd t@b second class sf the Chesterfield Stakes by Mr. Taylor's Tewney. HUNTING APPOINTMENTS. Her Majesty's atagbeuudt meet eo Wednesday tt Wloktteld Church, and on Friday at Irer HfStb, at eleren. Lord Gifford's hounds meet on Wednesday at Res ly Token, snd on Saturday at ColeabILl, at half-past ten. The Vine hounds meet on Thu@nday st@Malshanger House, and in Saturday at Klngsclere, at eleren. Sir W. M. Ridley's hounds meet on Wednesday at Cllitop, on Friday at Gotforlh, nnd on Sstuiday at Pleaty Checks, tt half-@p@ut ten. Mr. Watson's hounds meet on Friday at Sturtoa Grange, at ten. The Prudhoe and Derwent hounds meat to-morrow at Coalburn, and on Friday at Glbitde. , The Haydoa hounds meet on Wednesday at Coweyslke, and c n Saturday at Common Heuse, at nine. The Slaley hounds meet on Wednesday at Fotherley Gill, and@ea Saturday at Slaley, at nine. The Wheatland hounds meet to-morrow at Kemptou, at nine. The Torquay harriers meet to-morrow at Scots Bridge,, and on Friday at Stoke Common. Hie Puckeridge hounds meet on Wednesday at Elsenham,and on Saturday at Great Munden, at half-past ten. Mr. JBraud's hounds m et on Wednesday at Klmpton Mill, and on Friday at Gaddesdeo, at half past ten. The Norfolk hounds mest to morrow at East Basham, on Thurs@ day at Chapel Mill, Gresisnbail, and on Saturday at Saham Wocd, at half pnst ten. The Surrey Union hounds meet on Wednesday at Jayts, and on Saturday at Uatchlanns, at half-past ten. The Eant Sussex hounds meet on Thursday at the Bat and Ball, and on Saturday at Southeaie, at a quarter to feleven. The Whitby harrier@ meet en Wednesday at Pickering, and cm Friday at Normaoby Hill. 1 he York and Alnsty hounds meet to morrow at the Red House, on Thursday at Rlbstoa Park, and on Saturday! rimiton Bar, at half past ten. _ , _ The F.R.H. meet to-morrow at Constantine Cross, and on Thurs@ day at Benllhon, at ten. Baron Rothschild's stag-hounds meet on Thursday at tbe Kennel, at eleren. _ The Warwickshire Hounds meet to-morrow at Weston House, on Thursday at Wellesbourne, and on Saturday at Upton House, at bsif pa t ten. The Quorn Hounds meet to morrow at Bardon Hall, on Thursday at Thorpe Satchrlll®, and on Friday at Bunny, at a quarter to eleren. The Badswerth hounds meet to-morrow at Wentbridge, on Thurs@ day at Hickleton Hall, and on Saturday at Shafton Two Gates, at half-past ten. Mr. Foljambe's hounds meet on Wednesday at Rosshigton Bridge, on Friday at Headon Chump, and on Saturday at Scrooby Bar, at half-past ten. The Ryfford hounds meet on Thursday at Hockerton Bar. Lord Yarborough's hounds meet on Wednesday at Swallow Vil@ lage, and on Friday at Usselby House, at eleven. The Sherwood harriers meet to morrow at Mansfield Race Course, and ou Friday at the Second Milestone en tbe Nottingham Road, at eleven. ,Mr. A. Smith's hounds meet to-morrow at Mannlnford, on Wed@ nesday at Clarendon Park, on Thursday at Tangley, and oh Friday at Netheravon, at eleven. The Essex Union hounds meet to-morrow at Hozelelgh Hal , and on Saturday at Felix Hall. The Ttckham hounds meet on Thursday at Lynited Street, and on Saturday at Long Beach, at half past ten. Mr. Atty's houuds meet to-morrow at Overton Bridge, on Thurs@ day at Whlttiagton, and on Saturday at Marchwlel, at half-past ten. Mr. Russell's hounds meet on Wednesday at Brancepetb, and cn Friday at Plawsworth Bar, at eleven, Mr, Robertson's hounds meet to-mgrrow at Etall, and on Friday at Ross Links, at half past ten. Mr. Farquharson's hounds meet to-morrow at 8t. Giles's, aud on Thursday at Melcomb Park. Mr. Drax'a hounds meet on Wednesday at Trent Barrow. M. H. meet to-morrow at Doles Ash, and on Friday at the second milestone on ths Upper Sherborne Road from Dorchester. Mr, Dt ane's harriers meet to morrow at Hunter's Lodge. Sir R. Button's hounds meet to-morrow at Cottesmore, on Wed@ nesday at the Bull, Witham Common, on Thursday at Burley on the Hill, on Friday at Castle Bytharo, and on Saturday at Loddington Hall,@at eleven. The Atherstono hounds meet on Wednesday at Seal Wood, on Thursday at Kingsbury Wood, and on Saturday at Church Over. Sir F. Goodriche'a hounds meet on Wednesday at West Haddon, on Friday at Badby Wood, and on Saturday at@Dunston, at a quarter to eleven. Mujor General Wyudham's hounds meet on Wednesday at Rowner Mill, on Friday at Lea Farm, and on Saturday at Shllllnglee Park. The Horsham hounds meet on Thursday at Rowhooke, and on Saturday at Lovell Heath. Mr. Drake's hounds meet on Tuesday at Croughton Vlllsge, and on Saturday at Rycotc Kennel, at half-past ten. Mr. Mustert's hounds meet to-morrow at Heneage Arms, Halnton, ou Thursday at Mareham village, and on Friday at the Fourth Mile@ stone on the Hagworthinghara-road, at eleven. The Hurworth hounds meet to-morrow at Cotcllffe Wood, and on Saturday at Hurwoitb. Linutenant.Colonel Hildyatd's barriers meet on Thursday at Swainby Bridge. The Wynyard hounds meet on Thursday at the Red Lion, on the Sunderland road, at half-past ten. The Hulderness hounds meet to-morrow at Bishop Burton, on Thursday at Wood Hail, and on Friday at Kilnwlck Percy. The Cambridgeshire hounds meet on Friday at Morden Heath, at half-past ten. The Oakley hounds meet to-morrow at Rise!ey,@on Thursday at the London entrance to Woburn Park, and on Saturday at Hurwlck, at •Seven. The Wldtecrois harriers meet to morrow at Betloe Line, and on Saturday at Puttingham. The Berkshire houuds meet on Wednesday at Hendred, and on Friday at Curbridge, at half-past ten. Lord Redesdale's hounds meet on Wednesday at Burton Gate, on Friday at New Barn, and on Saturday at 8pllsbury. Mr. W. S. Lowndes's hounds meet to-morrow at Halton, and on Friday at Denbigh Hall. The Boro ugh bridge harriers meet to-morrow at Aldbrough, and on Friday at Blows Hall. The Eddlethorpe hounds meet on Wednesday at half way between Stamford Bridge and Gate Hemsley, and on Friday at Scampton Bridge, at half past ten. The Sinoington hounds meet to-morrow at Sinnlngton, and on Friday at Nawtqp, at ten, Th? Bedsle hounds meet on Wednesday at Watless Village, and on Friday at Middleton Tyas, at hulf-past ten. -'skipping intelligence. Lonoon, D c. 31.-Wind this d y .1 oon .W ft sh bmz. @nd cloudy. Seven p.m. W.8.W., light alts And hssy. Dial, D c. 30.-Wind SAV. to W.S.W.@-Arrlved the Mery end Anne frara Velpereleo, Ledy H@@emy from Monte Video, Cemeroeii from Bcrblce 'be Stratbeden and Ga@wlla for Sydney, and Euphrates for Calcutta. Portsmouth. Dec. 30.-Wlod W.N.W., ttron, end equelly.-Arrived the Weter Lily from London for Jemelce. Touav, D c. 29.-Arrtred the CecUl@e Louie, from Hemburg for Velp.reieo, ead John Oldh.m from London for J.melce-Dartmouth, Dsc. 29.-Arrived the Ecllpee 'ram Hemburg for fauJouth. Die.@30.-Wind W@@ fre.h hr@e ee.-Arrl ed the Jo-@hannes from Coqulmbo, left August 8 bound to Swansea lost her bulwark., Ike. Xevter from Hemburg for Vere Crui. Bristol, Drc. 30.-Arrived the Eleenor@irom Demerere. Dial. Dhc. 29,-Arrlved the Endymlon from Quebec, Venteoee from Hull for Boetoo, George Delnls from ditto for St. Thomee •. The@FeUi@, front Finland to Glhtelter, bee been lowed Into Renugete oreSouthwolo!'Dac. 29,-Arrlved the St. John from Mire-whitht, Dhc. @7.-The Hoetlllne, of Guernsey, bee put In here with loee of boweprlt, cutwater, c.. end foremast eprung, having been in contact with the brig Pearl yetterday afternoon . Coir. Dhc. 2S.-Arrived the Robert Watt from Virginia, with lo@u of boat , bulwarks, Ac. and Olloda from St. John's, New Bruns-@wick@ Clydm, Dec. 28 -Arrived the Blomedon from Newfoundland. New Ross, Dkc. 26.-Arrived the Juliet from Newfoundland. Bridlivoto.v, Dig. 3d.-The Yarrow, whilst at anchor batw@wn Duageness@and the Spurn, waa run Into by a sloop aod.rectlwd con-BuaoiWAm Dac. 29.-'The Alice Havllaod was run luto off the Holm s on the 27th Instant, and cut down to tbe water's edge, by a schooner name unknown . The Wellington, from St. Andrew's to this port, baa put iato Btdeford with decks swept. Marstrano, Dac. @9 -A cask of rum marked '•A.E, 23, 13, and some casks of tar, have@be n picked up near Lysekihl. Stavanqkr, Dae. 10.-The , Brigge, from Dram timber-@laden has put Into St. Kudne Ness leaky, and with loss of deck-load. Mbmbl, Dbc. 20.-The Fortuna, ln leaving the port to-day took the ground, out was got off and proceeded. Rkicsbhrg, Dkc. 26.-The Vrouw Ellda@.from Konlgsberg to Ant@ werp, sprung a@leak and foundered W.N.W. of Fehmern crew saved. Elsinbur, Dbc. 24.-The Louise and Julie, from Wolgust, put in here to-day leaky, and will probably have to dint-barge. Guayaquil, Sbpt. 27.-The Adela from Cadiz got aahore at the mouth of the river, was assisted off with considerable damage cargo landing ln a damaged state. Gravbsknd, Dkc 31.-Arrived the Dorothy from Quebec, Helen from Uogadore, Mentor from Leghorn, Countess of Lonsdale steamer from Hamburg. 30. Elizabeth from Jamaica, Ontario from New Yorft, Prince George from Halifax, Adventure from Tercelra, City of Boulogne steamer from Boulogne. Sailed the Emerald for Ceylon, Rachel for Sydney, Alicia for Port Philip, Barbara Gordon for Tobago, Charlotte Wylie for Aft lea, Juanita for the Canaries, and Mentor for Constantinople. VKSSir.8 sroiur with The Jersey Laps from Bristol to Africa, on the 21st ull., iu lat@ 46, long. 17. by the Adventure, arrived in the River. The Havanna Packet bound to the River Piute, on tbe 16th Novem@ ber, In lat. 6 8., long. 26 Victoria from Liverpool to New South Wales, on the 20tb, ia lat -, long. 24 Lnwrenre Copeland bound to Monte Video, on the 27th, lu .'at. 12 N , long. 22, by the Mary and Anne, arrived iu tbe Downs. Tlie Castro from Rio Janeiro to Hamburg, on the 4th ult., in lat. 26, lon.@34 Ariadne from Hamburg to Valparaiso,.@on the 29th, in lat. 43, long. 16, by the Johannes, arrived at Falmouth. The Ranger packet from Falmouth to Rio Janeiro, In lat. 7 N@@ long. 26 W., by the Catharlpa@Dorcthea, arrived off Falmouth. The Columbia from Liverpool to New York, on the 17th ult., ln lat. 42, long. 40, with loss of sails, c., and supplied by the OllRda, arrived at Cork. The Bidaon from Liverpool to Calcutta, out seven days, In lat. 61, long. 9, by the Ratchford, arrived at Waterford. The Clyde, from Liverpool to Charleston, ln long. 22 W., out 38 days, by tbe Sesostris, arrived at Belfast. VBPHKLS B.VTBRBD INWARDS AT TBH CUSTOM-BO USB, DEC. 31. The True Love from Batavia, Elizabeth front Jamaica, Ontario from New York, Prince George from Halifax, Dorothy from Quebec, Adventure from Tercelra, Helen from Mogadore, Mentor from Leg@ horn, Breeze from Bordeaux, Alexander from Guernsey, Countess of Lonsdale steamer from Hamburg, and Comet from Havannah. VKS8KLS HNTKRhD OUTWARDS FOR LOADING. The Jamea for Dunkirk, Morayshire for Sydney, New South Wales, Courier for the Cape of Good Hope, Teresa for Trieste and Venice, Ontario for New York, Felia for - , Giraffe steamer for Rotterdam, and Favourite for Elalneur and St. Peter hurg. VKS8KL8 CLKARKD OUTWARDS WITH CARGO. The Emerald steamer for Boulogne, Ceres for Sierra Leone, Python for Antwerp and Brussecis, Wll.am Jelliffe steamer for Calais, Fame for Antwerp, Monarch for Amsterdam, Emerald for Tenerlffe, Nautilui for St. Lucia, Standard for Guernsey, Escalduaca for Bilbao, Antwerpen steamer for Antwerp, and Anna Louisa for Bremen, -MAILS. In 8ibd Oils we have no variation this week. the demand is triilng. In Oil of Tueuntink there @1 nothing new the article continue@ duil ef tale at the late redocad ra@@lM The sales of Palm Oil have been confined to email lots in all about 100 Urns , at 6e to jff32 lOeper@ton but by moet holder@ theee prloee are refused. No buslneea of the least Import, ance bae transpired in Hbmpi • email lot of Bombay eold at @16 per ten. Tallow.-The market Is still unusually dull for the sea. son, and eome business has been done this we k a trifle low r, but the moderate stock prevents any material decline in prices a parcel of New Orleans Tallow, mixed, but part very good, sold at 4@6 @d per cwt. Dvbwoods.-The eales are 180 torn Loqwood. at £9 7s@6d fer Carapeacby, and £@ 10s to £4 16s for Jamaica 100 tons Fustic at previous rates, snd 260 tons Baswood, at jfr3 12s Gd for Gaboon, and £6 10s per ton for Angola. The demand for Tuspintikb con tinues regular for parcels of fair quality at 7e, at which price 2,00 J barrels have been sold. No sales reported ln Tar. Tbe buii. nets In Ashks has been upon the most limited scale, at prices scarcely varying from those of last week. Hidbs- No sale@ of momett have transpired this week. Tobacco.-There has been a large business transacted during the month, acd the sales reach 1,900 hhds, v! ., 470 Virginia leaf, 500 stemmed, 235 Kentucky itat, and 695@stemmed of these 450 were for Ireland, 130 for Scotian l, '260 for export, 220 for resale, and the remainder to the trade@ Prices continue steady, and the market firm. The transaction! In East India Drysaltery articles are quite unlmpartant this week. @U chests Madras Ivdigo sold at 3s 2d to 3s 9d, a small lot of Chlnt Turmbric at 23s, and a few chests Shkll Lac at 4'J . Only 100 baga Saltpktrb to report at 25a 6d, acd a similar quantity of Ni@ tratk of Soda at 19s par sound, and 16s fid all faults . Sugar • There continues a steady demand for@B.@P., and the sales are 4@0obhd , without change In price. Bengals are more Inquired t at, particularly very fine white descriptions, and 4,000 bags have l een disposed of, chiefly from 67s 6d to 69s per cwt. 400 baga Mauritius are also reported. Foreign 32 cases good brown Bahia have been sold at J9i, and about t 00 boxes ordinary to good yellow Havanna at 2 • to 22s fid, and 70 boxes white at 27s per cwt. Molassbs.-A fair demand continues, and the sales amount to 2UO puna Demerara, oC good quality, at 28s from the quay, and 60 puns Antigua at 29s per cwt. Copfkk.-There are no sales of Plantation to report, but 50 bags Ceylon have been dl po ed of, the price uot reported. Of Foreign, 36 brls of fair mlddliog La Guayra brought 6tJ , an@ 160 baga good Coats Rica 61a per cwt. Nothing worthy of notice taa oc-@curred in Cocoa, Ginokr, TarreR, or Pimento. No aalra In Rick. Rum.-The sale@ are 55 puas Jamaica, of a favourite mark, at 4a 9i, 40 Demerara, and @M casks Eant India at 2a per gallon. Tea -The demand continues limited, and the few transactions that have @Uken place have been at rather earier price . WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET, Dec, 3 , The freali arrivals this week were large of @heat and small of other articles tine qualities were comparatively scarce, and full@ maintained their previous value, but Interior aorta wer@ is ptr quarter cheaper. Barley also met a slow sale at a r duc ion ef la-@per quarter. Beans, Oats, and Shelling, on a llintud retail inq@aln were unaltered in value. Wheat Nortorlk and Suffoik, new re'., 45s to 4o , tine 50a Lincoln ur d Cunbri'ge. 43s t . 45s. fine 48s Yorkshire, 43s to 44s, fine 46s new w .lte, 46s to 4Vs, Lee 54s old red, 43s to 4os, fine 48S old white, 45@fto 4 s, floe 62a per quarter of tipihs to the bushel. Oats 16@ to llri, tine 21s per qoai ter mealing, 9d@to9Vkd, tine 9bd peri tom. barley-Norfolk and Suffolk. 26s to 28s, Chtv. 3Us Llocolnilure, 24s @U 26s, fine 27s Yorkshire Wold, 24s @U 2fis. floe 27s per quarter of 44 lbs. Beaus old, 29s lo 8 s, tne 32s new, 24e ts 27s, tin 29s per quarter of 63lbs. 8heiling, 23a to 24s per load of 2fil lbe. Malt, 33a to 36 . pne 38m per load of 6 baahels Imperial. Rap . •eed, £00 to @31, fine £32 per last imperial. Arrivals report 1 . Wheat 7,667, Barley 2.391, Data 926, Beaus 690, Ftas 173, 3hel ling 730. . IT-WOOL AIARKETS-Saturday. Lbbds-English Trade continues much the same In this branch-very dull but this is usual ln Christmas week. Foreign There hat not been much business doing this week, being 'tie closing week of the year, and many are hoping for an Increase of trade In the new year. Wakbkibld.-There has not been much doing this week , f w •ales of any note have been effected. Liverpool.-As usual at tula period of the year, there la very little demand for either Foreign or Scotch Wool. The tranaactioua during the lust week were on a very limited scale, but there was no material variation in prices. Arrivals this week@@Foreign, 5 0 Scotch, 184. Prevloualy this year@@Foreign, 33,634, Scotch, 3,092. Total -Foreign, 34,214 Scotch, 13,276 Credulity.-We have seldom heard of a more striking instance of credulity than the following 1 , which occurred a week or two aigo, to a farmer who resided ou the borders of the adjoining county of Yorkshire, in tlie parith of Bowland, and near to the town ol S@Uidburn. The name of his farm was Gold Hill, or, as it is called by bi@ neighbours, Gowd Hill. A gypsy called upon the subject of our story, and knowing well the weak side of humanity, after speaking of the name of bis farm, gave him sundry hints of its having reference to eome treasure con Arr, Doe. Arr. Lae Dobilu .. 0 Ma!®-0 . W Waterford 1 . ... 0 Ostond . u .. o Franco 0 1 Leeward Islands . .. ... O Guernsey an-1 Jersey. . . ... o Mexico ..o .. 0 Flandero.... ..... 0 . ....0 Jamaica .. 0.. .. u Holland 0 .. 0 Halifax.. ..0 . ... 0 La Guayra 0 . ....0 Brazil .. .. . . 0.. ....0 Hamburg 0 . ....1 Lisbon and Glbraitsr 0., ... 6 cealed on the premises, aud which she could discover by certain means in her power. The wily hajr quickly toot advantage of his credulity in lending 1 a willing 1 ear to her LIVERPOOL, Dec. 31. eillPS ARRIVED. The Isabella from New Orleans, and Rising Sun from Laguna. SHIPS HVTBRKD POR LOADI.VO. The Grecian for Civita @Wcchla, James Dunn for Corfu, Patras, aud Zante, Zoteff for Havannah, Susquehanna for Philadelphia, and Sarah for Smyrna. SHIPS CT.BAREI OUTWARDS. The Salome for Leghorn, Pearl for Lisbon. Patna and Nautilus for China, Nestor for Calcutta, Antigua packet for Cey ! on, Autumnus for Jamaica, Joseph Porter for Mobile, and Sheffield for New York. The Rising Sun, from Laguna, at this port, sailed on the 14th of November. The P. H. Deau was to sail In fourteen days for this port. Tbe Duke of Wellington and the Sultana were to commence loading in a few days for this port. The port ef Laguna was declared to be In a state of blockade. Ofl'port, the Corinthian, from Patras. LONDON MARKETS-Saturday. MATCH against TIME.-BRUTAL TREAT-MENT of a HORSE. Justicb Room, Nbwbury.-On Thursday last William North, of Momnouth-8treet, Bath, tavern-keeper, appeared before William Mount, Esq., chairman, and other magis@ trates, to answer the complain t of Mr. Henry Thomas, the secretary pf the Royal Society tor the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, which charged him with haviug wantonly and cruelly abused, illtreated, aud tortured a horse, at the parish of Wolford, in the county of Berks. The defendant pleaded not guilty. SALE OF THE LATE MR. CLARK' STUD, AT YORK Baronet, 440 gs Master Thomas, 110 gs Lord of Ho@kerness, 3@ gs . Philip, 370 g@ Aberneihy, 120 gs The JEra, 390 gs , Sir FeDj mln, 50 gs Amelne, 44 gs. Brood Mares-The dam of Amelne, 76 gs Philip's dam, 110 gs @Era's dam, 80 gs Chapean de Pallie. 31 gs mare by Ishmael out of Arachne, 63 gs Lollypop, 53 gs mare by Langor, out of Marlon, l00@g@ Rory O'More'a dam, 136 gs mare by Velocipede, out of Dorabe@lU, 33 gs mare by Velocipede, out of Streamlet, 70 gs. Yearlings - Brown Bess, 29 gs Vates, 255 gs Theraicus, 250gs ch g by Ebberton, 52 gs. Foals-Colt by Bay Middleton, out ef Ameine's dam, 29 gs colt by Bay Middleton, out of Philip's darn, 185 gs colt by Gladiator, dam by Langar, 30 gs colt by Gladiator, out of Lollypop, 21 gs a id filly, by Gladiator, d by Ishmael, out of Aracr.e, 17 gs. The Shall stallion , 225 gs. Colonel Thompson's Hamlet fetched 470 gs. The following lots were also Bold, the property of Lord George Bentlp.ck -Marrow Fat, 29 guineas Torchlight, 3 yrs, 29 guineas. Foals of 1842.-b c by Bay Middleton out of Phantaslma, 15 guineas b f by Bay Middleton out of Torch, 10 guineas and b@@ by Bay Middleton out of Torchlight, 10 guineas. M isceilaneous lots.-Hamlet, 47t'lgulneas Bother'eni, 106 guineas, Twilight, 3 yrs, 100 guineas Sister to the Lord Mayor, 6 yrs, IM guineas i Alisa Harewodd, 4 yrs, 82 gulneae Colt foal, by Sheet Anchor out of Theresa, 77 guineas Pelisse, 49 guineas b m by Belshazzar, dam by Capsicum, 49 guineas Blister, 30 guineas Syren, 3 yrs, 26 guineas. At the sale of tbe Coursing Stud of tlie late Mr. P. Houghton, of Man@ chester, the celebrated greyhound@Tyrant fetched £210, Hester £ 105, aud several others, very good prices. Tiir Quebn's Hou.vDM.-On Monday the meet was at Stoke@ common the deer was turned out at East Burnham Beeches, she would not face tbe country, and after ringing about close by was taken after being at large an hour and a half. The field was a lerge one. On Thursday another strong muster at Dltton Marsh the first deer turned out got hurt by being mobbed, and hunted about before the hounds were laid on, consequently she was ran into lm@ med@Utely. A second deer was then turned out which afforded l good hour and a quarter's run over a stiffisb country, namely, to Hook, and on to Epsom common, then to Ashstead-pnrk and Hedgeley, where the chase ended. Oa Saturday the dter was un@ carted at New Lodge, paise.i Mr. Blane's park and over the forest, crossed and re-crossed the Ihamei, and was taken near Windier, pH Mr. Thomas said Society for the Prevention oj that he appeared on behalf of the Royel . f Crueity to Animal , to prose@ cute the defendant for having most cruelly illtreated word or walk a etep. A policeman said he saw the gentleman in a helplesfi state at eleven o'clock, apparently supported by a vou@nir man ml. A HA flr.llKk montod fA I aK kjm U'li-AA. r . J wlto. no doubt, wanted to rob him. Witness interfered@ and@ a. tlie defendant wa@ wholly unintelligible, conveyed' him to the station- house. Defendant No doubt of it. The man ia right, my lord@ The Lord Mayor Was the man you were with your friend ?•-Defendant 80 much my friend that he wished to rob me of £9 or £10 that's all. But I want to be off It won't do for roe to lose £10 tt-day. I'll give what you please to the poor-bex. The Lord Mayor You don't appear to be sober@aow@ Have you had any sleep@?-Defendant Sleep@! God bless you I've been asleep till now, and I have not had a drop to-' ay yet,' though Christmas is not over yet laughter . The policeman said that he had good reason to think that the gentleman had been robbed by a woman of the town of £3. Defendant Can't help that. Don't know It. Don't doubt it. But I'll be off now. How much tin shall drop'! The tie Lord Mayor Did the defendant offend or injure any body in his drunkenness?-The Policeman Nobody,@my lord. The Lord Mayor Then he is fined only five ehillings. Defendant Then I'm off. The Lord Mayor Don't let roe see you on Monday morn@ ing a laugh Def ' lefendant Never, except, perhaps, we have a drop to@ gether great laughter A New Claimant for the Thkonb.-While Sir certain age, advanced to the table with the air of a Orena dler. The case having juet concluded, which occupied the attention of the two magistrates, Sir Jamee Duke, on be@ holding tbe lady, hastily quitted hi@ neat, and retreated Into .u- room sir Chapman Marshall wa . the magistrate private room however,@not qnite io fortunate. The worthy magistrate, who appear@@ as if some sudden calamity haa overtaken him, thus addressed the lady Now@ Miss Newell, what do you want with me@?-Miss Newell With great solemnity Well, Sir Chapman, I've got you and though one gentleman won't listen to me another shall. For four-and-twenty year@ I've pursued this aublect. and a@ this ie the last day of tbe old year I'm thi eubject, and determined to bring It to a i omt@ Alderman Do, madam, tell me how to detain me '-Mi s Newell looking up at id then at her gold watch Why, what quarter of an hour? Alderman No pray say five minutes. Mi l Newell I'd rather you'd split the difference how-ou are going e office clock, do you think of prose-p ated@a horse. The charge arose out@of the following circumstances -The defendant and another person agreed to drive their horse@ from Bath to Newbury, a distance of 53 miles, in four hours and a half. They started from Bath on Wed@ nesdav the 7th ult., about nine o'clock in tbe morning, and the@defendant arrived at the Halfway-house, in the parish of Welford, shortly after one o'clock, having driven the poor animal forty-eight miles in four hours and a quarter. A witness would be able to prove that the conduct of the de@ fendant when he puesed the turnpike-gate at Welford waa most wantonly iruel. The landlord of the inn would be the next wituess, and he wonld describe the condition of tbe horse when put into hie stable, and that it died within twenty minutes after it arrived from the effects of having been over-driven. In the evening the ani-aial was examined by a veterinary surgeon in the presence of the landlord, and he should be able to prove that the immediate cause of death was the violent exertion it had been compelled to undergo. When the defendant rcaohed Hungerford, he stopped a minute or two to give the horse some sherry. At this place, several persons remarked tbe condition of the horse, and advised the de@ fendant not to proceed, as it was quite evident that the horse could not live to reach Newbury, He, however, per@ sisted, and continued towards the Halfway-house, wheu the death of the animal compelled him to give up the match. Mr. Thomas then called Robert Bemiater, who stated that he keeps the turnpike gate at Hoe Benham, in the parish of Welford, and that on the 7th of the present month lie saw the defendant and another person, about one o'clock, coming from the direction of Hungerford towards the turn@ pike gate. The o'her man wa@ on horseback, und had hold of tbe reins of another horse, which was har@ nessed to a light gig, and was dragging it along, while the defendant was walking by the side of the horse, and flogging it most violently. @ben they came to the gate, he particularly remarked the condition of the MORTALITY OF THE METROPOLIS. NUMBER OF DEATHS FROM ALL CAUSES REUISTBRBD IN THE WEEK ENDING SATURDAY, DEC.' i!4, 1842. Epidemic, Endemic, and ContagiouB Diseases 158 Diseases ol the Brain, Nerves, audSenses 141 Diseases of the Lungs, and other Organs of Respiration 242 Diseases ef the Heart and Bloodvessels 19 Diseases ot the Stomach, Liver, and other Organs of Digestion ...................................... 128 North Districts .. 305,000 102 161 144 Central Districts . 373,806 188 185 149 East Districts.... 302,400 206 207 205 South Districts .. 438,000 221 228 207 Total 1.870,727 912 913 833 Mules, 395 Females, 438. Weekly average 1838-9-40-1@ Males, 407 Females, 446. CORN ARRIVALS. The following are tbe arrivals ol Corn, Pulee, Seede, end Flour In the port of London, during the work ending on tbe Slit December. Englleh Wheat 3,723, Barley 7,192, Molt 5,024, O@ne 2,8 5, Heans 979, Peai 677, Tarei 8, Llnioed 7, and sundry other •eedi 87 quarters, Flour 2,947 aocke. Scutch Wheat 50, barley 3,295, O-ts 3,985 quarters. Irish Oata 19,619 quarters. Fo@ reign Wheat 1,035, Barley 388, Beano 4,050, Pool 230, Tores 3,049, and sundry other seeds 7 quarters. F our 1,906 barrels. NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS. Miat.-Our markets, though they did not eihil.lt a very exten@ sive supply, nere In a very sluggish slate, sud ths quotations were a shads loner. Beer from 3s to 3a 5.1, Mutton 3s 4d to 4s 2d, Veal 3l 8d to 4s 2d, snd Pork 3s 8d to 4s 6.1, per Slbs by the carcase. Poult ay.-The supplies of both game and poultry ou isle here lo day bring extensive, the general Inquiry was heavy, at the follow, lug somewhat depressed rstee @Turkeys 5s to 20s, Geese 4s to 7 , Capons 4s to 10s, Roasting Pigs 4s to 8s, Rabbits 44 to la 3d, Hares 2s to 3s 6d, Partridges Is 3d to 2s, Woodcocks 2@ to 3s, Pheasants 2s 6d to 4s, Qrcusa 2s to 3 , Ptarmigan Is sd to 2s Cd, Snipes is to Is 6d, Teal 4d to Is, Wild Docks Is 3d to 2s, Widgeons 8d to Is @d, Plovers @d to 8d, and Pigeons rid to lOd each, Fowls 4s to 8 , Chickens 2s to 4s, a. d Ducks 2l to 5s per couple. Fresh Rutter Is 3d to Is 5d per lb., Eggs 8s to i0s tier 10 1, WHITECHAPEL. The supply of meat was large, though Inquiry for It was slow, it late rates. Reef from 3s 2d to 3s 81, Mutton 3s 4d to 4s 2d, Vtal 3s fed to 4s 21, and Pork 3s 6d to 4s 6d per 81b, by tbe carcase, NEWPORT. We hid a large @@entity of meat brought forward this morning, the sale for nhlch was slow. Beer frem 3s 2d to 3s I0J, Mutton 3s to 4s 2d, Veal 3a 8d to 4s 4d, cud Pork 3s 8d to 4s id per Bibs by the carcase. BILLINGSGATE. We had a decided Improvement In tbe demind for moat kinds of fish, and tbe rates hid an upward tendency. Turb .ta sold at from 10s to 24s, Cod-fish Is fid to 12s, Haddocks 4d to Is 2d, Whit-@logs 4d to 8d, Mackarel fid to Is 2d, Dorya 2s to . t fid, Crabs fid to 2s fid, and Lobsters Is 3d to 3s id each. Soles 8d to 3s 3d par pair. Smelts Is lOd to 3s, Fresh Herrings Is to 2s 4d, and Thamte Flounders Is 2d to 2s 2d per@dozen, Salmon lud to Is 44,@Crlmpdd Skate fid to 10J, und Kelt fid to li 3d per lb, Sprats 3s to 4a 3d, cud Oysters 16s to 25s per bue'oel. HUNGERFORD. Notwithstanding the supplies of meat and other articles wrrs scanty, the general Inquiry waa slow, at about late rates. COVENT GARDEN. Owing to the continued mildness of the weather, we had a very large supply of most kinds of vegetables on sale lu to day's market, while the demand was heavy, at barely last week's curreacles. Fruit was again abundant, and tltremely low In price. Potatoes sold h@it vlly, at their quotations. Potatoes from 3t to 4s per cwt. Turnips Is lOd to 2s ltd. Carrots 3s to 5 , Coleworts or Greens Is 3d to 2s, and Leeks la to Is fid per dozen buuches, Applea !■ 3d te 3s, Pears 4s to 5a fill, Onions Is fid to 2s fid per half sieve, New Oranges and Lemons 8s to IPs, and Walnuts Ivd to Is 4d per !09, Erocoll fis to 12s, and Celery 13s to 18s, per@dozen bunches, Endive Is fid to 2s 6d, per score, Savoys Is to @@@@end Red Cabbages 2s to fis per dozen heads, Mesh rooms Is to Is fid, and Smell Salad 2d to 3d per punurt, Turnip Radlehes fid to Ie per dozen bends, Horseradish I ■ id to 3s per bundle, Spanish Nuts Js to 3s t Barcelona 3s to 3s 2d, and Chestnuts 2s 6d to 3s fid per peck. HAY MARKETS. Smituviblp.-Coarse Meadow Hay, atr.'l Os to jff3 I5@ useful ditto, jff t 1 SI to 4 4 4S j hue Upland ditto, jC4 5s to 44 10s Clover Hay, @4 @4 @u @0s Ost Straw, stl to 42 2r 1 Wheat Straw, 42 3s to 42 4s per load. Spply moderate, and trade rather dull, at about stationary prices. Cumukai.and.-~Coarse Meadow Hay, 43 5a to 43 15s j useful ditto 44 to 44 5s fine Upland ditto, 44 fis to 44 12a j Clover Hay, 44 @s to 45 fis Oat Straw, 4 2 la to 43 3s Wheat Strew, 42 4s to 42 6e per load. A ehort supply and a staady Inquiry, at the above quotations. WatTscuAriL.-Coarse Meadow Hay, 43 Os to 43 15s useful ditto, 44 Is to 44 4s doe Upland ditto, 44 5s to 44 U S Clover Hay, 44 5s to 45 I5e r Oet Straw, 41 @ISllo@42 2s Wheat Straw, 42 3a te 42 4e per load. Both Hay and Straw met a slow Inquiry, wit! out material alteration In figure. BIDE MARKET. Raw Hidxs.-Best Steers and Hellers, fisOd tofis@Sd Middling Hides, 5s 4d te 5s lud inferior ditto, 4s Sd to 5s 2d, at per stone of@!4lbs. Siixse and Calf-Skins.-Market Calf, 8s Od to 9s 8d Lorg-@woo.led Sheep, 2s lOd@tu 4s 4d Short ditto, 2@ 2d to @S@tdJat per sklu. . BREAD. The prices of Whee'en Bread In the metropolis are from 7d to 7Md of Household, 5d to fitv.i, per 4-lb loaf, Liverpool markets. aiTIIW OF THI LIVIUFOOL COTTON MARKET FOR THI W i . XNDINO FRIDAY, BBC. 30. The trade purchased rather eite@ulvely of Cotton during the peat week the demand wae freely met, and the lower qualities of American @@,tlo gig horse, which appeared completely exhausted, and hardly able to put one teg before the other. Witness fully ex@ pected that if the defendant had stopped to pay the toll, the @orse would have dropped down and died. They pasted through the gate, and, a@ far as the witness coultj see, the defendant continued to flog the poor animal most unmerci@ fully. It was about ten minutes past one o'clock when they passed witness. Tbe Halfway-house la about a quarter of a mile further on, Robert Ailee, the landlord of the Halfway-house proved that tbe horse died in his stable within a short time alter the defendant arrived, in consequence, in the opinion of witness, of having been over-driven. This waa also the opinion of tbe veterinary surgeon. The defendant, who appeared to treat the matter with great indifference, did not deny that he bad driven the horse the distance in the period of time stated but said that tbe death of the horse did not preceed from over-ex-@ertion, but because it had been fed shortly before starting, and had been allowed to take some cold water at Marl@ borough. The magistrates having consulted together, tbe Chair@ man told the defendant that the magistrates were Unani@ mous in convicting him of the offence charged, aud that he eter, I cbd say a good deal iu five minutes loud laughter , 1 must pay a penalty ot £5 6s. 6d., casts included or, in Alderman Well, begin. j default of payment, be imprisoned for two months, with Miss Newell Sir Chapman, do you believe in a God ? hard labour. Alderman jRe lly madam, I- The penalty was paid Camberwell Anti-Corn-law Association,■ A special meeting of this branch of the Metroplitan Asso@ ciation was held on Friday evening at the Rosemary Branch, Southampton-street, Camberwell, for tbe purpose of orga@ nising the district for tbe collection of the Great League Fund. Mr. Lyon, the honorary secretary, who did uot arrive until near nine o'clock, stated, in explanation of his absence, that he had been detained at a meeting at the Central-office, West Strand, and he waa happy to inform them that.Mr. Faulton, from Manchester, bad addressed that meetiug, and recommended a line ot operation for the bet@ ter success ot the objects they had in view, which had been unanimously adopted, and a resolution passed to carry it out. Mr. Lyon then proceeded to explain the measure which had been decided upon after which he stated that he was now prepared to Issue subscription cards for amounts vary@ ing from Is. to £5, so as to suit all classes of subscribers, and to receive the names of such gentlemen a@ wished to co-operate with the committee sitting at the British Hotel, Cockspor-@strest. Upon the subject of registration of members on the roll of the League, he had to report that he had put iu circulation one hundred sheet , to which 2,000 signatures had already been affixed, and a registration fee of irom one penny to a shilling received from each party, making in the aggregate £20 applause , which sum he had no doubt would be considerably increased before the close of the registration. As that was the last meeting for the year 1842, he would state that he bad funds to commence the next year's campaign. The receipts for the year, including the amount realised by two soiriet. were £85, of which, after all disbursements, he bad a balance in hand ap@ plause . Several gentlemen then address d the meeting, ref-rrei tie fund. Amongst tne names gi Messrs. W ilkinson, Chairman of the association, Goulston, W. Clarke, J. Smith, F. Ferranti, J. Bone, J. Poulten, J. A. Lyon, Sec. The meelir.g then separated. Murder Twenty Years Aao.-A man of the name of Cornelius Brosnaran, was last week committed by J. Drummond, Esq., the stipendiary magistrate of this town, to the county gaol, charged with a muider com@ mitted twenty years ago on a man named Edmond M 'Sweeney. The prisoner wad arrested by one of the police twn io Stationed in Cas'leiehtofi.-ifeev,, Eoarrtinrr, . , were plentiful at th quotations of this day se'nulght, which we also repeat for other descriptions, though rather higher prices were obtalnad fer the better kinds. The market closed aoinewhet quietlr to-day. Tbe Irausacttona were on a large acale, 36,050 bales having met with purohaaers 200 American and 100 8urat were bought by exporters, and 6,500 American were taken on speculatl .n, 4, .20 American and 20 Marxnham were forwarded Into the@lnterlor@.nnaold, this month, COTTON MARKET, Dkc.@31. The sales to-day were ratber limited, not more than 3,000 I a'ea haring met with buyers. Prices were perfectly steady, and the market closed quietly. CORN MARKET, Dxc. SO. We have had fair Imports of Oats aud Oatmeal from Irelaud, but tha arrivals of other articles thence or coastwise have been very light since Tuesday, and the foreign supplies were also on a limited acale. Having a very thin attendance of buyer@ at market thie morning, the Wheat trade con@Unued dull, and the transactions lu that de@ scription of grain were extremely few, atlll prices were In all in@ stances steadily maintained. English and Irish Flour ou a fiat loqulry were rather cheaper, hut foreign aorte were unaltered In value. Oata wete iu moderate request, on terms nearly equal to those last quoted, aud Oatmeal waa firm. Prim@ Barley and Malt brought full prices, other qualities were unsaleable, and ItaLS and Peas were neglected. IRISH PROVISION MARKET, Dxc. 30, The fresh arrivals of Butter from Ireland alnce Saturday lait have amonnted to 4,788 firklna. Our Butter market bax been r@uber brlak thla week. Sareral wholeaal@ dealera from tbe country, anti, @dpatlng a further advance from tha llghtneaa of tbe atocks, bars been extenalre buyera, and the homa cona imptlen trade altogether haa had a good tone. Fair tb fine deacrlptlone were held for an ad@ vance of 2e to@3a per cwt. en prevloua rate , but we hare no lm. proven.ent to notice In Inferior aorta, owing to tbe Import iron Canada having been considerable of late, and comprlaed bf@variou@ qualities, which were moatly offered on low terms. Cork pickled aecondi were In demand for axpurt, end I@ to 2@ per cwt. nearer@ Bacon movedeff alnwly. Irlah keg Lard waa acarce, and Amt.lean waa in gaod requeat. at 44a to 45a per cwt. duly laid. Barrelled Provletcna w.re @uken to a moderate extent for ahl. x' atore@i and exporter@ purchased 60 barrels of @Dis@band 150 barrels tf American Beef acd Pork. Butter Belfast, new, 7fi to 78a Ballymony, 74a fo @@@@Banbridge, fifia to 72a t Carlow, new, 64a to 78a Cork Idle tales, aud, in answer to his request to be put in pos@ session of the treasure, required the usual infallible' crossing of the hand with money, and as the riches to be ob@ tained were great, so the amount demanded was high, Icing no less than £100. But as riche@ were not of easy attain@ ment, and such an opportunity of acquiring them seldom occnrs the weak-minded fellow determined to possess the treasure, and gathered all his money, which amounted to £25, as the price for the information, but the sylnl would not sell him the secret for this sum, und he accordingly bor@ rowed of his neighbours £75, to make up the amount de@ manded. The'gypsy having received the hundred sove@ reigns, wrapped them in a piece of brown paper, and going with the man up stairs, they both kuelt down, and, after pretending to utter some charms upon them, she returned to him a brown parcel, to lie put in a box, which was not to be opened lor a week, when there was to be@£t50. The tale scarcely needs to be further told on opening tbe parcel there were one hundred and fifty pieces of tin ! When the fraud was discovered the impostor had decamped, but she has been traced to the neighbourhood of Manchester, A reward of £10 is offered for her apprehension.-Prt ton Chronicle. Accident to the Dover Coach.-On Satur@ day night, about half-past seven o'clock, an accident occurred to the Phoenix Dover Coach, which had just arrived from Dover, at the Bricklayer's Arms, in the Old Kent-road. The coachman had got down from the box, as customary, giving tlie horses in charge to a man at their heads. Several of the passengers also got down, @having three others, two gentlemeu and a boy, on the rt o'. In a few minutes the leaders were startled by the sudden smack@ ing of a carter's whip, and notwithstanding all the efforts of the man to stop them, set off at full gallop, through the gate in the New kent-road, and proceeded at a tremendous pace, with the reins dragging at their heeds, towards Weet-@minster-bridge. The passengers on the outside wore in the greatest terror, and the shouts of tbe people in their endea@ vours to stop tne horses but increased tbe auimals' speed. They passed the Elephant and Castle without coming in contact with any ot the numerous omnibuses plying there, and pursued their carter along the St. George's-rosd, to the Marsh-gate, in the Westminster-rond, through which they dashed without the least damage. By the time the horses reached the foot oi Westminster-bridge they began to slacken their speed, and the two gentlemen clambered over the roof of the coach and descended behind, but the boy was afraid to attempt it. Just as the horses reached the centre of the bridge a boy with a truck, another branch Dover coach, and a brewer's dray, were coming in an opposite direction, and there being no room for them to pass, they all came with fearfnl violence against the dray, aud by the collision the coach was overturned and the lad was thrown violently on to the pavement, and miraculously escaped unhurt. One of the leaders was killed on the spot aud the forepart of the coach was smashed to pieces. Tlie lad draw@ ing tbe truck fortunately escaped with only a few bruises. Tne damage done to the coach is very considerable. Thunder Storm.-On Friday last this town and neighbourhood were visited with a mest terrific thunder storm, which did much damage in many places. Mr. Ellis, of Vi ardhouse, has suffered to a con-ideritble extent his house was struck with the electric fluid, which rent the gables almost every pane of glass in the windows were smashed, and much damage was done to the furniture. A servant girl, who had a knife in her hand, which attracted tho lightning, was severely injured and another servant girl is also greatly burnt. The children and nursery-maid were all in the nursery, seated round the tire, acd the entire room with the exception of the part they were in , was destroyed by the lightning. All the china, delph, snd glass are destroyed, and tho house, with the exception of a parlour and bedroom over it, is past repairing. The pendulum ot the clock was twisted like a screw. Never had any family a more miracu@ lous escape from so awful a visitation, Tho loss of property to Mr. Ellis exceeds £200. As far as we@ean learn, there lias been no loss oi human life, but the loss of cattle and other property throughout the country is considerable.-Hally' shannon Herald. DIED. December 31, aged 37, S.iaan, the beloved wife of P. Bak@@@es. F of Fustou-cqnare, and daughter of J, Anat.ce, Fan., of Axzi'n-t.r, after a very severe and tinkering lllneaa, which ana hore with tf.e moat exea.nlary aud chrlatlan resignation. On the 30thnl@b, at hla house, Tottenham green, dam.i Klritlei Bajea. In Cambridge-street, Coiii.augf.t-square, cn the Slat D-.a iiher. Eliz.heth, youngest daughter of Juhn Williams, Eaq., la@@ o@ @rr Maj-aty's Receipt@ed Exchequer. On the 24th ult,, at St. Michael's, near ll.erpo.t, Abigail, the wife of Daeid Dockr y. Ou the 27th ult. Thomas Blnnx, @f Mount Ve non s'r@.t, L'ver-@verpool, a member of the Society of Friends. HIGH WATER AT LONDON-BRIDOK THIS DAY. Morning.,.. 59 min. oast 2 I Afternoon 18 min. reel 3.@ ALE by Mii O of LINEN DR.1 POSTER, is now on ALE@by@MH. FOSTER.-The GREAT SALE APEKY GOODS, announced to take place by Mr. . on at the corner of Fleet aud Farrinzdon-street#, being the entire STOCK of the largest wholesale trading flrraj in the City. Mr. FOSTER i§ inetruct d to SELL the whole of th@ct GOODS to retail cuelomtrs, haring repretented to the proprietors thw difficulty of etTrcting an efficient sale at his Auction Moonm, where the nobility and per-ona calculated to purchase eipensi-.e linen , and curiously tine dflmack cloths. See., would not attend. As these goods hare been accumulating eomo yeire, niinyo' @hs articles are of a superior fabric tr those of the present d-y since @team has so completely superseded haad-loom wearing . Tn answer to tbo numerous orders for the silks and tuncy goods adrertiied that part of the stock is entirely cleared out, and in ord-.-r that the r main ing portion o' the Ntock@.coneist.ng of Carpets, Linens, 6cc. may bo d@eposed of quick'? the premises being let , 2s. in tho pound will be allowed extra off all ourchases that exceed ten pounds. The sale no r consists principally or linrns of the finest charnel r, and the reduction is guaranteed to the following extent, @• will bo @Men on inspection @5SO pieces of Bennett's finest Coleraine I nto, of tho original a. d. value of Is. 9d. and 2s. per yard, will be sold all at 36 yards for tt 0 100 pit-cos of the finest numbers, suitable for the wear of the nobility or persons wishing finest linens, 26 yards for . . 42 0 About 1,400 pieces of Knox's stout linens, that were bought f@nm him direct at I6 d. per yard, average, will bo reduced t@ 26 yards for Several boxes of yard wide curiously fine toft Irirhes Aue nally marked as. od. per yard, are ftrthor reduced 26 yards ftr@@@ The sheetiug@ and table linens arc all of the finest description, the coarser qualities having been @old to the trade. The pri@-' will be for lioer. shet tings, fine quality, three yard@ wide, the p ir, 10s. 6d. and tho?tf of the very besi description, full bleach d, sni of the original value of 9i. 6d. to @s per yard, will be reduced to 2U . the pair. Tbe foliowing is a list of table 1 cens, as per book, rendered to Mr. Foster -@@@@@@table cloths, all two yards square, fim §t dsma k, rach 3s. 6d., or by the dozen 300 dozen of breakiait cloths, @@@yards square, all etch Is. td., or by the dozen 600 surerb damask cloth , full three yards Ior.g, valued as per book at 2. s. each, will be sold, each About ICO, full three yards long, inferior damasks, will be sold, at, each @si 0 ¥ 0 IS 4 1 6 0.2 3 0 Besides about £3',000 worth of the moet curious aod expensive @ublo cloths and napkins, mai.y with coronet, landscapes, and emblem@s tioal dcvlgns, varying from a to@g yards lon , mi n y of the @rigtr al value of 10 guineas each, will be sold, being o yards iong, for @@f. @id 40s. 160 doieu of nai k'ns are reduced from due. to g-. 6d. the J z Q, and tewral . - !• Sifc ftNFOUS. er dozen yards . • • • • Ml # ft 9 . 14 6 1 l Counterpanes for cfcarftlcs. per dozen 13 d Cambric hsvidk. rrhiefs. real Fr-uch, perdozen . . • • Lawn ditto, th i dozen . .••••• f ® Blankets, wnwbing e ght p unds. ier pair , . , • J Superior Witney, 6 jordeiong. per pair . . .in toe ® W..fvjrt f, by CH.RUIS MiCS.t of o. !M r' ewnl. in 'te -s.iutv of tele t!. e. v M'rM.v, January
[ GS_aligned] ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## deep as not to be touched by the plough for, if not, and the drains be made of tiles, ############################## so it remained in their the bankrupts' books, until 1833, when William and Charles Ridge took out the £10,000 as residuary legatees, and then restored the debt of Fry and Co. to its original amount of £48,000. Beside these palpable frauds, they paid legacy duty of £9,256 8s. 10d. upon their father's will, and -Mr. Commissioner Fane That was a fraud which was the cause of expense to them, as you say they had nothing to receive under their father's will. Mr. Chambers That might, sir, be so, but it was done with a view to deceive t@heir customers, in order ultimately to bene@ﬁt themselves. Mr. Charles Ridge had lived for years at the rate of £1,500 per annum, and that, although he must have known the bank to be in a state of hopeless insolvency. From a statement of their a@ﬀairs put before the Court of Review in a former stage of these proceedings, their real de@ﬁciencies from 1828 were these in 1829, £51,400 in 1830, £51,900 in 1831, £46,000 in 1832, £47,000 in 1833, £42,000 in 1834, £48,000 in 1835, £52,000 in 1836, £59,000 in 1837, £62,000 in 1838, ################################################################# regards e@ﬀect and cheapness, they should always be made narrow at the bottom. The width of the drain at the top should be thirteen inches, and at the bottom about four inches and in that width, @he knew by experience, there was plenty of room for a man to use a spade and work. In @ﬁlling the drains @he would recommend stones, when they could be had, for they were more e@ﬀective than tiles. In the construc- tion of the drains, care should be taken not to put in large stones. Stones about the size of those used on the roads were the proper kind and, in almost all cases, in that part of the country, as many could be collected o@ﬀ the @ﬁelds as would be required hear, hear . After the stones have been put in, there was another important matter to attend to, namely, the covering, and for that purpose he would recommend a sod. If the drain were executed as he recommended, he would venture to say that in would last for @ﬁfty years. The sod should be cut thin, and so large that when put on it would go up a little on each side. Then the one should overlap the other, so that there would be no opening to allow the soil to run in. Mr. Smith, after some further observations on draining, said #################################################################### of theof a hard‐worked life, and had ############### insolvency and beggary. It was quite clear that the bankrupts had been traders using every arti@ﬁce to deceive the world, and he Mr. ############## a loss to know upon what possible grounds they could now come before the court and ask for their certi@ﬁcate. Mr. Commissioner Fane I shall certainly @ﬁnd it neces- sary to read the examination, and examine the accounts you have referred to, before I can give my judgment in this matter. Mr. Missing, for the bankrupts, strongly denied the allegations made against them. The errors they committed in keeping their accounts were entirely errors of judgment, and out of 1,100 creditors, who were said to have proved against their estate, not one of them was now here to op- pose the grant of the bankrupts' certi@ﬁcate. No conceal- ment had been charged against them. No intentional fraud could be established, or was sought to be established against them they had made a full disclosure of the real state of their a@ﬀairs. The bad debts referred to as having been ############################################### Mr. Wilkinson, and also to Mr. Goldsmidt, to ask for the job of distraining in both of Allford's places of business. He did not know that he should have gone if Allford had not sent him. There was a horse in the stables when he distrained upon Allford. He could not account for striking out the horse and cart, and putting down one set of harness instead of two in the list of articles distrained upon. Cross‐examined by Mr. Cooke Allford told him that he had not paid his rent, and he thought he might as well ap- ply for business. Goldsmidt was a wholesale warehouse- man in Friday‐street, of immense wealth. William Wyles, an upholster, and son‐in‐law of the in- solvent, said that, as he was not in a condition to pay the £20 bills to which he had put his name, he would give up the lease for the bene@ﬁt of the creditors. The witness handed the lease into court. Mr. Woodro@ﬀe commented upon the di@@ﬃculty of fully accounting for the disappearance of the insolvent's pro- perty. His debts in March last were £200 or £300 less than now, and the creditors had got but little out of the estate. Mr. Cooke said, that from the time he attempted a com- position with his creditors, the insolvent's a@ﬀairs became worse and worse. For fourteen days at a time he had been known to take no more in his business than 14s. Nothing but failure could be the result of the competition to which he had been exposed. No evidence had been given of the wilful concealment of any of his property. His whole course of late had been a struggle with di@@ﬃculties which came upon him in rapid succession. He had now not a penny in the world in his possession@. He had been beaten down by the force of circumstances over which he had no control. The learned Chief Commissioner adjourned the case for a fortnight, to give time for a further and more rigid inquiry as to the insolvent's property. The insolvent, in consequence of the illness of his wife, was admitted to bail. The court rose at a late hour. POLICE ##################### ############################### Jones was brought up for @ﬁnal examination, charged with stealing two silver watches and other articles, the property of Edward Barrier. The prosecutor stated that he was a watchmaker and jeweller, and resided in Wych‐street, Drury‐lane. He had known the prisoner for a considerable time, from his having occupied apartments in the upper part of his house. Wit- ness reposed the greatest con@ﬁdence in him, in consequence of his very regular habits, and had frequently entrusted him with the charge of his shop during his temporary absence. On the 6th of December witness had occasion to leave home for a short time, and he left the prisoner, as before, in charge of the shop, but on his return he was astonished to @ﬁnd that the prisoner had absconded,@ leaving the shop altogether unprotected, and had taken with him two watches and a variety of other articles, the property of witness. He immediately went to the nearest station‐house and gave in- formation of the robbery. @@@@Two pawnbrokers' shopmen were called, who proved that the prosecutor's watches had been pledged at their em- ployers' shops by the prisoner within a few days after the robbery was committed. Pocock, an o@@ﬃcer, stated that, having received informa- tion of the robbery, he made inquiries after the prisoner, and at length succeeded in taking him into custody at a pub- lic‐house in the Blackf@riars‐road. The prisoner was next charged with stealing a waist- coat, the property of a pot‐boy at a public‐house in ######### declined saying anything in his defence, and was committed for trial on both charges. MANSION‐HOUSE. ######################## well‐dressed young fellow, named William Melbourne, was brought before the Lord Mayor, charged with having attempted to rob a lady. Mr. Waddington, of No. 119, London‐wall, stated that he saw the prisoner, who was accompanied by another per- son, thrust his hand into the pocket of a lady, who was passing along the street, and immediately collared him. The lady was terri@ﬁed, and witness held the prisoner fast, having been in the habit of taking such characters, as he often had large amounts about him.@@@@ The prisoner, upon being asked who he was, said he had been a silversmith about six months ago, but he could not exactly tell what he was at the present moment. The Lord Mayor requested to be informed who the pri- soner's father was and where he lived ?-The prisoner re- plied that be really could not gratify hi@s lordship's cu- riosity. The Lord Mayor Is there any one here who can say any- thing about you ?-The prisoner Not that I know of, with the exception of the o@@ﬃcer a laugh . Policeman No. 32 here stepped forward and said @he had known the young man as connected with a gang of thieves who infested the neighbourhood of t@he banking‐houses, that some of the prisoner's former companions had been transported, and that he had been watched by the police on Monday last about the Bank for @ﬁve hours, in company of @ﬁve most notorious robbers. The Lord Mayor This is bad testimony to your character, Mr. Melbourne.-The prisoner Nobody can say that I ever was in custody. Gooch, the turnkey of the Compter My lord, he has been in custody in the name of Jenkins, and the gaoler of Bridewell has been to see him, and@ knows him well as an old acquaintance.@@@@ The prisoner Well, what is the extent of my o@ﬀence ?-The Lord Mayor You know I can send you as a rogue and a vagabond, and you must go for two months. The prisoner Very well, here goes laughter . The prisoner was then committed to the House of Cor- rection for the time stated by his lordship. ################ tailor in a dirty shirt and without coat or waistcoat, whose name was stated to be William Raison, was charged by his landlord, Michael Denny, a Corkman, in the same line of business, with having cleared away the blankets of his @well‐furnished room, and deposited them in the room of his uncle, a neigh-bouring pawnbroker, for the small consideration of the loan of three shillings@@. Mr. Denny, in the genuine tone and with the ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## submitted that the bankrupts were entitled to their ########################################################## was drawn with from six, and sometimes with as many as eight horses but it should never be used for a year, and in some lands two years, after the land had been drained. He would recommend the ploughing to be across the drains for, in doing so, they would not only open a better channel for the carrying o@ﬀ of the water, but they would save labour for it was much easier to plough across a hill than up and down hear, hear, hear . The course to be taken, in using the subsoil plough, was, @ﬁrst, to throw out a large open furrow of the active soil, with the common plough then the subsoil plough should follow, and thoroughly break up the subsoil. It would be important to take oﬀ as much as possible of the active soil with the common plough, and thereby leave as little as they could for the subsoil plough to do for working with it was severe on both men and horses. When the subsoil was thoroughly broken up, the next furrow of the active soil should be thrown over the last opened furrow of t@he subsoil, and so on, until the work was ended. There was another advantage in the subsoil plough-it threw up any stones which came in its way. It was provided with a spur, for the purpose and another, and greater advantage, to be derived from using that plough, was, that they could take up the subsoil, by degrees, and mix it with the active soil. Bringing the subsoil to the surface all at once would produce great sterility hear, hear . Mr. Smith conclud@ed by saying he was ready to answer any questions that might be put to him. Mr. W. BLACKER would inquire, for the bene@ﬁt of t@he farmers, whether the drains should not be made perfectly straight@? He had seen many in the country which were very crooked. Mr. SMITH The drains should be perfectly straight for if you look at a serpentine river you will ﬁnd its course much larger than if it ran in a direct line. They should ################################ said that he was at present un- prepared to give any judgment, but would read through the proceedings, and give his adjudication on a future day. INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT@‐DEC. 31. @IN RE EDWARD ALLFORD.@@ Edward Allford was opposed by Mr. Woodro@ﬀe, for Messrs. Hartills, wholesale ironmongers, No. 89, West Smith@@ﬁeld. He was supported by Mr. Cooke. This insolvent was a furniture‐broker and bedstead- manufacturer, in Westminster‐bridge‐road. He was a bankrupt in 1832, and discharged by the Insolvent Court in 1835. His liabilities under his present insolvency amounted to £800. The good debts due to him amounted to £1 9s. The ground of the opposition was making away with his property@@@@@. He was examined by Mr. Woodro@ﬀe, at considerable length, as to the disposal of his property. He had laid out about £400 on his premises and rent and taxes had run away with the rest. He had a lease of the house in Westminster‐bridge‐road, but had parted with it about six months ago to a Mr. Wyles, because he lent his name to four bills of £20 each, which, becoming@ due, he by that means got renewed. He had put the creditors for the £20 bills in the schedule. He had no objection to have the lease @ﬁled, provided Wyles would give it up. He had agreed at a meeting of his creditors, in March last, at Peele's Co@ﬀee‐house, to pay £20 a fortnight into the hands of Mr. Bartholomew, who, with another gentleman, was appointed to receive it, for distribution amongst the creditors. He had ############################################################## ##### hi@m@ and, his wife a room, and I not only let 'em a room, but I lent him the money to marry his wife wid laughter . Well, sure enough they got married, and ho@me he lugs her to my decent res@pectable place and as I must tell the truth, upon my sowl they took liberties with my bed in a most shame- ful manner laughter . The Lord Mayor You mean they stripped the bed of the bed clothes ?-Complainant Your lordship talks of it as if you were present and seen all that happened. Yes, they did take every stitch, and the devil a morsel of bed was to be seen in the place. The Lord Mayor And how long have they been married @?-The Complainant Two months, your honour and to make him comfortable I gave him a job that I had to do myself, but he was too lazy to do it, and nothing could get him out of his bed a laugh . Mr. Hobler What, not at the end of two months ?-The Complainant No, faith. A body might think that after the @ﬁrst month he might rise to attend to business, but the devil a bit of him could be got up by hook or by crook until the morning he tuck my blankets to his uncle, and then both him and her got up early enough to strip the whole building laughter ####### Is he a countryman of yours ############################################################## less ex- pense in doing so. Mr. B@LACKER inquired whether draining the land in a dry season would not make it too dry. Mr. SMITH said that was a very general opinion, but it was an erroneous one draining in dry weather had the contrary e@ﬀect it pulverised the earth and made it spongy, so that it retained more water in the pores of it than it would under other circumstances. Several other questions were put, and answered very satisfactorily by Mr. Smith. A vote of thanks was passed by acclamation to Mr. #################### having returned thanks in suitable terms, the meeting separated. Mr. Smith delivered a lecture on draining and subsoiling in Glasslough, the seat of Mr. Leslie, on Tuesday. He lectured in Monaghan, also, on Thursday. On each occa-sion there was a large attendance of the landed proprietors and intelligent farmers and an anxiety not the lose a syl- able that fell from Mr. Smith was visible in almost every countenance. @POOR LAWS-PROPOSED PUBLIC MEETING. A requisition, addressed to the mayor, is in course of sig- nature, calling upon his worship to convene a meeting of the inhabitants of this borough, for the purpose of taking into consideration the propriety of calling on the several boards of guardians and rate payers of the city and county of Cork to @ﬁx a day previously to the 22d of January for holding a general meeting of the rate payers of the city and county of Cork in reference to the abused of the present poor‐law.-Southern Reporter. Mr. O'Connell is to at- tend this ############ TENANT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE DUBLIN EVENING POST. @@Ardee, 29th December. ################### in this neighbourhood of one of the weal thiest proprietors, a young man who has hitherto stood high in public opinion, Mr. Thomas Fortescue, of Ravensdale Park, late a member for the county, was yesterday invaded by a driver and a host of baili@ﬀs one of whom was put in charge of each house and haggard, with two exceptions, ############## number do not owe a farthing of the rent of 1841@@ they are, without exception, industrious honest people, paying very high rents-as high as 50s. per Irish ########### without leases such was the will of the late Lord Claremont, from whom the property is inherited , and yet compelled to build houses of two stories, without other aid @than slates if they purchase the timber @ﬁtted for such roo@ﬁng, their scanty capital has been expended on those houses and premises their haggards are full of corn even the apprehension of loss from indulgence cannot ############# is in the county of Kilkenny, partaking of the hospitality, and witnessing the kindness, the annual ################ of his lady's family to their ################# here exclaim he knows nothing of what is doing in his absence, or of their su@ﬀerings. It is hoped this notice may attract his attention. A MAN ######################################## Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, with his usual liberality, has ordered the s@word bearer Mr. Arkins , and the high constable Mr. Sinnott , to provide a plentiful dinner of beef, bread, @c@., for the inmates of the Mendicity on New Year's‐day to- morrow . The order has been given in consequence of the Lord Mayor's intention not being carried out on Christ- mas‐day, the Lord‐Lieutenant having sent them a dinner on that #################################################### Wednesday the 21st inst., Sir Henry Hunloke, Bart., of Wingerworth Hall, proceeded, along with Mr. Brown and other wit- nesses, to take possessi@@on of the brancli line of railroad leading from @Hopton‐bridge to Ti@mber ######### as the Duke's line , which the North Midl@and Company has for- feited to him under certain arrangements.-Derbyshire ############################################################################# the money had been paid to the creditors. A distress had been put in by his landlord for rent, which he paid out by selling his horse and cart and bor- rowing money from other people. A distress for rent had also been put into his other place of business in Sta@ﬀord‐row, Pimlico. The stock in trade and the goods, after they were condemned, were su@ﬀered to remain on the premises, in Westminster- bridge‐road, as it was thought that more money could be obtained by selling them by retail than at the auction- rooms. The purchase‐money of goods sold after the distress was put in went to the landlord. Mr. Woodro@ﬀe In your schedule you say that you paid Mr. Goldsmidt, the landlord of the premises in Sta@ﬀord- place, £25 within a fortnight of his distraining was that so ?-Insolvent I am satis@ﬁed he had nothing so recently as that@@. I paid £10, but that was six months before the distress was put in. The schedule was admitted to be in some other particulars incorrect. The insolvent said he had been losing for years, from opposition in business, and other ca@uses. Cross‐examined by Mr. Cooke Seven or eight of his creditors attended the meeting at Peele's Co@ﬀee‐house. He had said that he could pay them twenty shillings in the pound, if they gave him time to recover himself. Notwith- standing the agreement that he was to pay £20 a fortnight, some of the creditors sued him a short time afterwards. He was compelled to make forced sales to pay these de- mands, and also to ful@ﬁl his engagement to pay the credi- tors £20 a fortnight. The goods were taken to Bullock's and Foster's, and the sacri@ﬁce was immense. His wife had been ill a long time, and he had heavy doctor's bills to pay. A large opposition shop was opened close to him, and they sold articles for 15s. which he could not get under 22s. or 25s. That @ﬁrm had lately failed for £10,000. The distress was put in for £86 2s. 6d., a year's rent. George Bartholomew, a carpet‐manufacturer in Fins- bury‐pavement, was then examined. He was a creditor of the insolvent for £8 12s. 6d. When the meeting of credi- tors took place he was a creditor to the amount of £50 7s. 1d. Witness and Mr. Hartills were appointed to receive £20 a fortnight for the creditors. He had received £20 on the 20th of April last, on account of that agreement. He had received £62 18s. 8d. in all. The £2 18s. 8d was for goods subsequently supplied to the insolvent. He received the money in six payments. He received £40 on account of his original debt. When the insolvent paid him the instalments he said he would be a great fool if he did not keep it for himself. He did not add he should be a great rogue if he did so. Such an idea might have occurred to his mind a laugh . He dis- tributed £11 7s. 6d. in all amongst the creditors. He was not prepared to pay more, because he intended to appre- priate it to the payment of his own debt. He could not name the time when the insolvent said he would be a fool if he did not keep the money himself. The insolvent did not say it to him. His young man told him that he said so. He did not appropriate all the @ﬁrst £20 to himself, because he thought the insolvent intended to keep up the payments. He never spoke to the creditors as to what he should do with the money. He had settled that in his own mind. He did not divide the money amongst the other creditors, as nothing could be gained by it a laugh . The money was not then in his possession. He would not pay it in to court, because he thought he ought to pay himself @ﬁrst. Mr. Cooke Have you ever been a trustee before, and acted in the same way ?-Witness It might be so a laugh, in which the witness joined . Mr. Cooke said it was a shocking announcement@@. The learned Chief Commissioner said it was a lamentable exhibition. The spectators had indeed laughed, but it was a kind of laugh as much as to say what a very consummate ######## from the witness . ############################################# unblush- ing dishonesty he never saw in his life.@@ Thomas @Heaford, broker, of No. 86, Bridge‐road, Lam- beth, was examined as to t@he value of the insolvent's pro- perty when the landlord, Mr. Cobbold, put in the distress@@. @The total condensation was £58. If it had been taken to a sale room it would not have produced £25 but the land- lord had lost by holding over, as another quarter's rent wasrs ?-The Complainant No, he says he #### for all that I don't wish to hurt him. But you see, ############################### lord, in my country we don't think it kind to rob a man that gives another employment and lodging, and a wife in the bargain great laughter . The Lord Mayor No it is not kind. The Complainant I must tell the truth, your honour he is a lazy and good‐for‐nothing fellow as ever crossed a board, but if he'll promise to work it out, I'll forgive him, and take him in again. The defendant said he was willing enough to work it out, but he could not prevail upon his wife to let him get up in proper time in the morning laughter . And when he ar- gu@ﬁed with her, she said the honeymoon always lasted ano- ther month longer, and she did not see why they should be the @ﬁrst to break the rule. The Complainant Sure I didn't want you to do so. But you might have earned 12s. a week at any rate, and had plenty of fun great laughter . The Lord Mayor to the complainant Well, you cer- tainly are a good‐natured fellow, and I think you may try this man once more. Let him pay you so much a week by working for you, and if he persists in lying in bed and neglecting his business, bring him before me, and I'll cure him of his honeymoon tricks by sending him to prison, where he shall have no inducement to lie in bed longer than nature requires laughter . His lordship then gave the complainant half‐a‐crown to commence the new year with, and received many blessings and thanks in return for his kindness from the poor ill‐treated tailor. Mr. Robert Mercer, a man of property, was put to the bar, charged with having arrived at such a state of intoxi- cation on the preceding night as to be unable to utter a ################################################# in a corner, and you must answer me. Do you believe in a ####################### Upon my word, you must not-Miss Newell Oh, well, I suppose you do believe well, that's one point gained, however. Here the court was an irrepressible scene of laughter . Well, as I told you some twenty‐four years ago, when we were both much younger, that I had a divine revelation from heaven, which informed me I should sit upon the throne of this kingdom. What was the consequence ? They locked me up in St. Luke's. However, I got out, and again I paid you a visit when you were lord mayor, at the Mansion‐house, some time ago. Alderman Yes, I remember it, Miss. Miss Newell in a voice of triumph Oh ! you do remem- ber it. Well, then, from that hour to this I have pursued the same steady line of conduct laughter , and my undy- ing conviction is striking her hand with so much force upon the table that Mr. Schole@ﬁeld was raised up from his nap , that I shall wear the crown of England, have a large house, and keep a great number of servants. Alderman Now, pray madam, come to a conclusion, for you see t@he @ﬁve minutes have just expired. Miss Newell looking at the clock and again at her watch Not so fast, sir I know what o'clock it is roars besides, I say that the Queen of this country sets a bad ex- ample to her subjects. Alderman I cannot hear this. You must not be allowed to talk thus. I won't listen. Miss Newell But you must, and I ask again, why the Queen, a lady occupying a station the highest in the land, does not suckle her own child ? Only place me in such a situation, Sir Chapman, and I'll let the world see an ex- ample of a great lady nurturingher own babe. The gravity of t@he court was quite overcome by this speech, and justice fairly laughed outright. Alderman Miss Newell, you have had more than @ﬁve minutes allowed you, and I must beg of you to retire. Do not compel me to use force. Miss Newell Well, I've done for the present. I rather like you, Sir Chapman, and as it's the last day of the old year I was determined to say as much as I could, and I think I've opened some of your eyes, so give us your hand at par@ting. The alderman most good humouredly extended his hand, at the request of the lady, who, after shaking it most warmly, dropped a graceful curtsey to the alderman, ex- claiming, Pardon me, Sir Chapman, if I take leave of you in the words of a good old song-' Adieu, thou dreary pile@@'@ loud laughter, during which the candidate for the Crown withdrew . ##################################################### Ewart, one of the London Fire Brigade, was charged with having as- saulted Humphrey Nathan, of Star‐court, Soho. It appeared that the complainant's wife superintended a bath in Star‐court, where ladies of the Jewish persuasion attended for the purpose of performing ablutions at pre- scribed periods. @@@@@@The defendant one day last week came to the house, and said an alarm of @ﬁre had been given at the brigade station, and he desired to be let in. The daughter of the complainant answered him to the e@ﬀect that no @ﬁre was in the house, and that there was no need for the attend- ance of the @ﬁremen. The defendant, however, pushed her on one side, and tried to force open the street door, which was shut but not being able to e@ﬀect this, he opened the window, and made his way into the parlour. The defendant then went up stairs, and on encountering the complainant, who had been roused at hearing the noise made by the de- fendant, he pushed him against the wall, and proceeded to examine the house to see if any @ﬁre was about. The exa- mination was fruitless, as no @ﬁre could be discovered. The complainant said the push was su@@ﬃciently violent to send him reeling against the wall. The defendant said an alarm was given that a @ﬁre was in one of the chimneys in the defendant's house. He went to the place, and on being refused admittance he got in at the window, and looked over the house. On going to the place where the copper was placed for heating the bath, he saw enough to induce him to believe that the chimney had been on @ﬁre. He denied having assaulted any one, and what he had done was solely with the view of preventing danger, in case the house had been on @ﬁre. The complainant denied that the upper chimney had been on @ﬁre. Mr. Hardwick said no @ﬁreman was justi@ﬁed under any pretence in forcing his way into a house. The defendant's conduct was without excuse, and therefore he should impose a @ﬁne of 20s, and costs. The inspector said he believed the Fire Brigade generally were aware that they were not permitted to force an entrance into a house against the leave of the owner. @Mr. Hardwick said, as the @ﬁremen had obtained sum- monses for the usual reward, upon the allegation that the chimney had been on @ﬁre, he certainly should not give any reward under such circumstances, and he should there- fore advise the withdrawal. CLERKENWELL. A girl, seventeen years of age, named Eliza Riley, charged her mistress, a female named C@ox, a tambour‐worker, in Vincent‐terrace, Islington, with assaulting her, by cutting her hair o@ﬀ. The complainant said she was apprenticed by St. Giles's @parish to the defendant nearly six years ago, and had been, during that time, often ill‐used by Mrs. Cox. On Wed- nesday last the latter grumbled at her for not doing more work, and because she answered that she could do no more, her mistress suddenly came behind her, and cut o@ﬀ the hair at the back of her head. She then took o@ﬀ her bonnet and exposed where It had been hacked about. Mr. Combe, the magistrate, said he thought her mistress had done no harm whatever, that he could see nothing to @ﬁnd fault with, that if it was hacked her mistress could get a barber to cut it even, and that if the complainant did not go home and mind what her mistress said, she would be brought up here and then sent to the House of Correction, where her hair would be cropped short enough. The poor parish apprentice was then taken away, crying very much. She seemed to feel very sorely the loss of her hair, and might have felt herself degraded by being cropped-at least, if she did not, thousands of girls at her age would have done so. BIGAMY.-A rather respectable‐looking middle‐aged man, named Thomas William Mead Shadwell, foreman in a corn chandlery establishment, in Church‐street, Isling- ton, was charged with bigamy. Mr. Flower appeared for ######## defended the #################################### that the ########################################################################## @ﬁne, as in such a case as the present the pecuniary penalty is ut- terly inadequate to the ########################################## Flower stated that on the 10th of May, 1832, the pri- soner was married in the parish church of Hackney to Miss Sarah Brentford, his lawful wife, with whom he lived two or three years, and then deserted @her, and that o@n the 21st of January, 1838, he married Caroline Sparrowhawk Smith, Sarah Shadwell being still living. The second marriage took place in Trinity Church, Cambridge. Mr. Flower then handed in the certi@ﬁcates of both marriages, but stated that in consequence of his being unable to obtain the attendance of the second wife on that occasion, he would pray his worship for a remand. Mr. Combe said he had as yet but documents, and a statement. He should hear some evidence. Mr. Flower then produced police constable Whikcher, of the detective force, who deposed to having arrested the pri- soner on the previous night in Church‐street, Islington. Mr. Justins Mr. Flower's clerk deposed that he ques- tioned the prisoner, on his arrest, the previous evening, as to whether or not he had been twice married and the pri- soner admitted he had. Some other witnesses were examined, particularly the brother‐in‐law of the @ﬁrst wife, who deposed to the @ﬁrst marriage, and to having seen both marriages in the Mar- riage Record Book, in Somerset‐house. Mr. Combe said he believed it was not the original Re- cord‐book that was kept there but a copy. The witness said he thought so. Mr. Combe then expressed his readinessss to remand the prisoner. Mr. Stoddart hoped his worship would accept of bail for his client, who was a man of excellent character, and gen- teelly connected, and could procure it of a most satisfactory nature. Mr. Combe said he considered the case of too serious a character, and too clearly established, to admit of bail being received.-He was then locked ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## Belmont Meeting.-The cup was won by Mr. Bremer's Beeswing, beating in the deciding course Mr. Racksten's Thingshill. Bingham Meeting, Dec. 33.-The Chester@ﬁeld Stakes were won by Mr. Chettle's Lath, and the second class of the Chester@ﬁeld Stakes by Mr. Taylor's Tawney. HUNTING APPOINTMENTS. Her Majesty's staghounds meet on Wednesday at Wink@ﬁeld Church, and on Friday at Iver Heath, at eleven. Lord Gi@ﬀord's hounds meet on Wednesday at Re@ady Token, and on Saturday at Coleshill, at half‐past ten. The Vine hounds meet on Thursday at Malshanger House, and on Saturday at Kingsclere, at eleven. Sir W. M. Ridley's hounds meet on Wednesday at Clifton, on Friday at Gosforth, and on Saturday at Plessy Checks, at half- past ten. Mr. Watson's hounds meet on Friday at Sturton Grange, at ten. The Prudhoe and Derwent hounds meet to‐morrow at Coalburn, and on Friday at Gibside.@@ The Haydon hounds meet on Wednesday at Coweysike, and @on Saturday at Common House, at nine. The Slaley hounds meet on Wednesday at Fotherley Gill, and on Saturday at Slaley, at nine. The Wheatland hounds meet to‐morrow at Kempton, at nine. The Torquay harriers meet to‐morrow at Scots Bridge@, and on Friday at Stoke Common. The Puckeridge hounds meet on Wednesday at Elsenham,and on Saturday at Great Munden, at half‐past ten. Mr. @Brand's hounds meet on Wednesday at Kimpton Mill, and on Friday at Gaddesden, at half past ten. The Norfolk hounds meet to morrow at East Bashan, on Thurs- day at Chapel Mill, Gressenhall, and on Saturday at Saham Wood, at half-past ten. The Surrey Union hounds meet on Wednesday at Jayes, and on Saturday at Hatchlands, at half‐past ten. The East Sussex hounds meet on Thursday at the Bal and Ball, and on Saturday at Southease, at a quarter to @eleven. The Whitby harriers meet on Wednesday at Pickering, and on Friday at Normanby Hill. @The York and Ainsty hounds meet to morrow at the Red House, on Thursday at Ribston Park, and on Saturdaya rimston Bar, at half-past ten.@@@@@@ The F.B.H. meet to‐morrow at Constantine Cross, and on Thurs- day at Benithon, at ten. Baron Rothschild's stag‐hounds meet on Thursday at the Kennel, at eleven.@@ The Warwickshire Hounds meet to‐morrow at Weston House, on Thursday at Wellesbourne, and on Saturday at Upton House, at half‐past ten. The Quorn Hounds meet to morrow at Bardon Hall, on Thursday at Thorpe Satchville, and on Friday at Bunny, at a quarter to eleven. The Badswerth hounds meet to‐morrow at Wentbridge, on Thurs- day at Hickleton Hall, and on Saturday at Shafton Two Gates, at half‐past ten. Mr. Foljambe's hounds meet on Wednesday at Rossington Bridge, on Friday at Headon Chump, and on Saturday at Scrooby Bar, at half‐past ten. The Ry@ﬀord hounds meet on Thursday at Hockerton Bar. Lord Yarborough's hounds meet on Wednesday at Swallow Vil- lage, and on Friday at Usselby House, at eleven. The Sherwood harriers meet to morrow at Mans@ﬁeld Race Course, and on Friday at the Second Milestone on the Nottingham Road, at eleven. @Mr. A. Smith's hounds meet to‐morrow at Manninford, on Wed- nesday at Clarendon Park, on Thursday at Tangley, and on Friday at Netheravon, at eleven. The Essex Union hounds meet to‐morrow at Hazeleigh Hall, and on Saturday at Felix Hall. The Tickham hounds meet on Thursday at Lynsted Street, and on Saturday at Long Beach, at half‐past ten. Mr. Atty's hounds meet to‐morrow at Overton Bridge, on Thurs- day at Whittington, and on Saturday at Marchwiel, at half‐past ten. Mr. Russell's hounds meet on Wednesday at Brancepeth, and on Friday at Plawsworth Bar, at eleven. Mr. Robertson's hounds meet to‐morrow at Etall, and on Friday at Ross Links, at half‐past ten. Mr. Farquharson's hounds meet to‐morrow at St. Giles's, and on Thursday at Melcomb Park. Mr. Drax's hounds meet on Wednesday at Trent Barrow. M. H. meet to‐morrow at Doles Ash, and on Friday at the second milestone on the Upper Sherborne Road from Dorchester. Mr. D@eane's harriers meet to morrow at Hunter's Lodge. Sir R. Sutton's hounds meet to‐morrow at Cottesmore, on Wed- nesday at the Bull, Witham Common, on Thursday at Burley on the Hill, on Friday at Castle Bytha@m, and on Saturday at Loddington Hall, at eleven. The Atherstone hounds meet on Wednesday at Seal Wood, on Thursday at Kingsbury Wood, and on Saturday at Church Over. Sir F. Goodriche's hounds meet on Wednesday at West Haddon, on Friday at Badby Wood, and on Saturday at Dunston, at a quarter to eleven. Major General Wyndham's hounds meet on Wednesday at Rowner Mill, on Friday at Lea Farm, and on Saturday at Shillinglee Park. The Horsham hounds meet on Thursday at Rowhooke, and on Saturday at Lovell Heath. Mr. Drake's hounds meet on Tuesday at Croughton Village, and on Saturday at Rycote Kennel, at half‐past ten. Mr. Musters's hounds meet to‐morrow at Heneage Arms, Hainton, on Thursday at Mareham village, and on Friday at the Fourth Mile- stone on the Hagworthingha@m‐road, at eleven. The Hurworth hounds meet to‐morrow at Cotc@liﬀe Wood, and on Saturday at Hurworth. Lieutenant Colonel Hildyard's harriers meet on Thursday at Swainby Bridge. The Wynyard hounds meet on Thursday at the Red Lion, on the Sunderland road, at half‐past ten. The Holderness hounds meet to‐morrow at Bishop Burton, on Thursday at Wood Hall, and on Friday at Kilnwick Percy. The Cambridgeshire hounds meet on Friday at Morden Heath, at half‐past ten. The Oakley hounds meet to‐morrow at Riseley, on Thursday at the London entrance to Woburn Park, and on Saturday at Hurwick, at eleven. The Whitecross harriers meet to morrow at Betloe Lane, and on Saturday at Puttingham. The Berkshire hounds meet on Wednesday at Hendred, and on Friday at Curbridge, at half‐past ten. Lord Redesdale's hounds meet on Wednesday at Burton Gate, on Friday at New Barn, and on Saturday at Spiisbury. Mr. W. S. Lowndes's hounds meet to‐morrow at Halton, and on Friday at Denbigh Hall. The Boro@ugh@bridge harriers meet to‐morrow at Aldbrough, and on Friday at Blows Hall. The Eddlethorpe hounds meet on Wednesday at halt way between Stamford Bridge and Gate Hemsley, and on Friday at Scampton Bridge, at half‐past ten. The Sinnington hounds meet to‐morrow at Sinnington, and on Friday at Nawton, at ten. The Bedale hounds meet on Wednesday at Watless Village, and on Friday at Middleton Tyas, at half‐past ################################################### this day at ###### ########## and cloudy. Seven p.m. W.S.W., light airs and hazy. DEAL, DEC. 30.-Wind S.W. to W.S.W. -Arrived the Mary and Anne fr@om ################ Harvey from Monte Video, Camero@ns from ###################### and Gazelle for Sydney, and Euphrates for Calcutta. ######################### W.N.W., strong and squally.-Arrived the Water Lily from London for ############### DEC. 29.-Arrived the Cecilia Louise from Hamburg for Valparaiso, and John Oldham from London for ####################### 29.-Arrived the Eclipse from Hamburg ################## 30.-Wind W., fresh breezes.-Arrived the Jo- hannes from Coquimbo, left August 8 bound to Swansea lost her bulwarks, @@c. Xavier from Hamburg for Vera Cruz. ######## DEC. 30.-Arrived the Eleanor from Demerara. ########## 29.-Arrived the Endymion from Quebec, Ventrosa from Hull for Boston, George Delnis from ditto for St. Thomas's. The Felix, fro@m Finland to Gibraltar, ### been towed into ####################################### the St. John from ################# 27.-The Hostilina, of Guernsey, has put in here with loss of bowsprit, cutwater, c., and foremast sprung, having been in contact with the brig Pearl yesterday afternoon@. CORK, DEC. 28.-Arrived the Robert Watt from Virginia, with loss of boats, bulwarks, @c. and Olinda from St. John's, New Bruns- wick. CLYDE, DEC. 28.-Arrived the Blomedon from Newfoundland. NEW ROSS, DEC. 26.-Arrived the Juliet from Newfoundland. ################## 30.-The Yarrow, whilst at anchor between Dungeness and the Spurn, was run into by a sloop and ######################### 29.-@The Alice Haviland was run into o@ﬀ the Holmes on the 27th instant, and cut down to the water's edge, by a schooner name unknown . The Wellington, from St. Andrew's to this port, has put into Bideford with decks swept. ############### 19.-A cask of rum marked @@A.E. 25, 13, and some casks of tar, have been picked up near Lysekihl. ############### 10.-The-, Brigge, from Dram timber- laden has put into St. Kudne Ness leaky, and with loss of deck‐load. MEMEL, DEC. 20.-The Fortuna, in leaving the port to‐day took the ground, but was got o@ﬀ and proceeded. ############### 25.-The Vrouw Elida, from Konigsberg to Ant- werp, sprung a leak and foundered W.N.W. of Fehmern crew saved. ############## 24.-The Louise and Julie, from Wolgast, put in here to‐day leaky, and will probably hare to ############################ 27.-The Adela from Cadiz got ashore at the mouth of the river, was assisted o@ﬀ with considerable damage cargo landing in a damaged state. ############## 31.-Arrived the Dorothy from Quebec, Helen from Mogadore, Mentor from Leghorn, Countess of Lonsdale steamer from Hamburg. 30. Elizabeth from Jamaica, Ontario from New Yor@k, Prince George from Halifax, Adventure from Terceira, City of Boulogne steamer from Boulogne. Sailed the Emerald for Ceylon, Rachel for Sydney. Alicia for Port Philip, Barbara Gordon for Tobago, Charlotte Wylie for Af@rica, Juanita for the Canaries, and Mentor for Constantinople. ######################## Jersey Lass from Bristol to Africa, on the 21st ult., in lat. 45, long. 17. by the Adventure, arrived In the River. The Havanna Packet bound to the River Plate, on the 16th Novem- ber, in lat. 6 S., long. 26 Victoria from Liverpool to New South Wales, on the 20th, in lat -, long. 24 Lawrence Copeland bound to Monte Video, on the 27th, in @lat. 12 N , long. 29, by the Mary and Anne, arrived in the Downs. T@he Castro from Rio Janeiro to Hamburg, on the 4th ult., in lat. 26, Ion. 34 Ariadne from Hamburg to Valparaiso,. on the 20th, in lat. 43, long. 16, by the Johannes, arrived at Falmouth. The Ranger packet from Falmouth to Rio Janeiro, in lat. 7 N., long. 26 W., by the Catharina Dorothea, arrived o@ﬀ Falmouth. The Columbia from Liverpool to New York, on the 17th ult., in lat. 42, long. 40, with loss of salls, c., and supplied by the Olinda, arrived at Cork. The Bidson from Liverpool to Calcutta, out seven days, in lat. 51, long. 9, by the Ratchford, arrived at Waterford. The Clyde, from Liverpool to Charleston, in long. 22 W., out 38 days, by the Sesostris, arrived at Belfast. ################ INWARDS AT THE CUSTOM‐HO@USE, DEC. 31. The True Love from Batavia, Elizabeth fro@m Jamaica, Ontario from New York, Prince George from Halifax, Dorothy from Quebec, Adventure from Terceira, Helen from Mogadore, Mentor from Leg- horn, Breeze from Bordeaux, Alexander from Guernsey, Countess of Lonsdale steamer from Hamburg, and Comet from Havannah. VESSELS ENTERED OUTWARDS FOR LOADING. The James for Dunkirk, Morayshire for Sydney, New South Wales, Courier for the Cape of Good Hope, Teresa for Trieste and Venice, Ontario for New York, Felia for -@, Gira@ﬀe steamer for Rotterdam, and Favourite for Elsineur and St. Petershurg. VESSELS CLEARED OUTWARDS WITH CAROO. The Emerald steamer for Boulogne, Ceres for Sierra Leone, Python for Antwerp and Brussecis, Willam Jelli@ﬀe steamer for Calais, Fame for Antwerp, Monarch for Amsterdam, Emerald for Tener@iﬀe, Nautilus for St. Lucia, Standard for Guernsey, Esealduana for Bilbao, Antwerpen steamer for Antwerp, and Anna Louisa for Bremen. #################################################### the demand is triﬂing. In OIL ################## is nothing new the article continues dull of sale at the late reduced rates. The sales of PALM OIL have been con@ﬁned to small lots in all about 100 tons , ##################### ton but by most holders these prices are refused. No business of the least import- ance has transpired in HEMP@ a small lot of Bombay sold at £16 per ten. TALLOW.-The market is still unusually dull for the sea- son, and some business has been done this week a tri@ﬂe lower, but the moderate stock prevents any material decline in prices a parcel of New Orleans Tallow, mixed, but part very good, sold at 45s 6d per cwt. DVEWOODS.-The sales are 130 ################### 7s 6d for Ca@mpeachy, and £4 10s to £4 15s for Jamaica 100 tons FUSTIC at previous rates, and 260 tone ################ 12s 6d for Gaboou, and £6 10s per ton for Angola. The demand for ############## tinues regular for parcels of fair quality at 7s, at which price 2,00@0 barrels have been sold. No sales reported in TAR. The busi- ness in ASHES has been upon the most limited scale, at prices scarcely varying from those of last week. HIDES -No sales of moment have transpired this week. TOBACCO.-There has been a large business transacted during the month, and the sales reach 1,900 hhds, viz., 470 Virginia leaf, 500 stemmed, 235 Kentucky leaf, and 695 stemmed of these 450 were for Ireland, 130 for Scotlan@d, @260 for export, 220 for resale, and the remainder to the trade. Prices continue steady, and the market @ﬁrm. The transactions in East India Drysaltery articles are quite unimportant this week. 14 chests Madras INDIGO sold at 3s 2d to 3s 9d, a small lot of ############## at 23s, and a few chests SHELL ###### 4@9s. Only 100 ############## to report at 25s 6d, and a similar quantity of NI- ############# at 19s per sound, and 16s @6d all faults . SUGAR@.-There continues a steady demand for B. P., and the sales are 400 hhds, without change in price. Bengals are more inquired @for, particularly very @ﬁne white descriptions, and 4,000 bags have @been disposed of, chie@ﬂy from 67s 6d to 69s per cwt. 400 bags Mauritius are also reported. Foreign 32 cases good brown Bahia have been sold at 19s, and about @800 boxes ordinary to good yellow Havanna at 20S to 22s @6d, and 70 boxes white at 27s per cwt. MOLASSES.-A fair demand continues, and the sales amount to 200 puns Demerara, of good quality, at 28S from the quay, and 60 puns Antigua at 29s per cwt. COFFEE.-There are no sales of Plantation to report, but 50 bags Ceylon have been disposed of, the price not reported. Of Foreign, 36 bris of fair middling La Guayra brought @50S, and 160 bags good Costa Rica 61s per cwt. Nothing worthy of notice has oc- curred in ########################################### ######## RUM.-The Sales are 55 puas Jamaica, of a favourite mark, at 4s 9d, 40 Demerara, and 50 casks East India at 2S per gallon. TEA -The demand continues limited, and the few transactions that have taken place have been at rather easier prices. WAKEFIELD CORN MARKET, DEC, 30. The fre@sh arrivals this week were large of Wheat and small of other articles @ﬁne qualities were comparatively scarce, and fully maintained their previous value, but interior Sorts were is per quarter cheaper. Barley also met a slow sale at a reduction of le- per quarter. Beans, Oats, and Shelling, on a limited retail inquiry were unaltered in value. Wheat Nortorik and Su@ﬀolk, new re@d, 45s to 48s, @ﬁne 50s Lincoln @and Cambridge, 43s t@o 45s, @ﬁne 48S Yorkshire, 43s to 44s, @ﬁne 46s new w@hite, 46S to 49s, ﬁne 54s old red, 43s to 45s, @ﬁne 48s old white, 45s to 48s, @ﬁne 52s per quarter of @60lbs to the bushel. Oats 16S to @19s, @ﬁne 21s per qua@rter mealing, 9d to 9½d, @ﬁne 9½d per stone Barley Norfolk and Su@ﬀolk, 26s to 28s, Chev. 30s Lincolnshire, 24s to 26s, @ﬁne 27s Yorkshire Wold, 24s to 2@6s, @ﬁne 27s per quarter of 54 1bs. Beans old, 29s to 31s, ﬁne 32S new, 25s to 27S, ﬁne 29s per quarter of 631bs. Shelling, 23s to 24s per load of 2@61 1bs. Malt, 33S to 36s, ﬁne 38s per load of 6 bushels imperial. Rape- seed, £30 to £31, @ﬁne £32 per last imperial. Arrivals report@@ed Wheat 7,667, Barley 2,391, Oats 926, Beans 580, Peas 173, She- ling 730@@. @@@WOOL ################################ Trade continues much the same in this branch‐Very dull but this is usual in Christmas week. Foreign There has not been much business doing this week, being @the closing week of the year, and many are hoping for an increase of trade in the new year. WAKEFIELD.-There has not been much doing this weekek few sales of any note have been ####################### usual at this period of the year, there is very little demand for either Foreign or Scotch Wool. The transactions during the last week were on a very limited Scale, but there was no material variation in prices. Arrivals this week -Foreign, 580 Scotch, 184. Previously this year -Foreign, 33,634@ Scotch, 3,092. Total -Foreign, 34,214 Scotch, #################### have seldom heard of a more striking instance of credulity than the following@@@, which occurred a week or two a@go, to a farmer who resided on the borders of the adjoining county of Yorkshire, in t@he parish of Bowland, and near to the town of Slaidburn. The name of his farm was Gold Hill, or, as it is called by his neighbours, Gowd Hill. A gypsy called upon the subject of our story, and knowing well the weak side of humanity, after speaking of the name of his farm, gave him sundry hints of its having reference to some treasure #################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### on the premises, and which she could discover by certain means in her power. The wily ha@g quickly took advantage of his credulity in lending @@a willing @@ear to ###################################################  from New Orleans, and Rising Sun from Laguna. SHIPS ENTER@D FOR LOADI@NG. The Grecian for Civita Vecchia, James Dunn for Corfu, Patras, and Zante, Zot@oﬀ for Havannah, Susquehanna for Philadelphia, and Sarah for Smyrna. SHIPS C@LEARED OUTWARDS. The Salome for Leghorn, Pearl for Lisbon, Patna and Nautilus for China, Nestor for Calcutta, Antigua packet for Cey@@lon, Autumnus for Jamaica, Joseph Porter for Mobile, and She@@ﬃeld for New fork. The Rising Sun, from Laguna, at this port, sailed on the 14th of November. The P. H. Dean was to sail in fourteen days for this port. The Duke of Wellington and the Sultana were to commence loading in a few days for this port. The port of Laguna was declared to be in a state of blockade. O@ﬀ port, the Corinthian, from Patras. LONDON ########################################################## a HORSE. ######################### Thursday last William North, of Monmouth‐street, Bath, tavern‐keeper, appeared before William Mount, Esq., chairman, and other magis- trates, to answer the complain@t of Mr. Henry Thomas, the secretary of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, which charged him with having wantonly and cruelly abused, illtreated, and tortured a horse, at the parish of Welford, in the county of Berks. The defendant pleaded not guilty. ######################################### Baronet, 440 gs Master Thomas, 110 gs Lord of Holderness, 36 gs @@Philip. 370 gs Abernethy, 120 gs The AEra, 390 gs@@ Sir Benjamin, 50 gs Ameine, 44 gs. Brood Mares-The dam of Ameine, 76 gs Philip's dam, 110 gs AEra's dam, 80 gs Chapean de Paille@ 31 gs mare by Ishmael out of Arachne, 63 gs Lollypop, 53 gs mare by Langor, out of Marlon, 100 gs Rory O'More's dam, 135 gs mare by Velocipede, out of Dorabella, 33 gs mare by Velocipede, out of Streamlet, 70 gs. Yearlings ‐ Brown Bess, 29 gs Vates, 255 gs Theralcus, 250gs ch g by Ebberton, 52 gs. Foals-Colt by Bay Middleton, out of Ameine's dam, 29 gs colt by Bay Middletoo, out of Philip's da@m, 185 gs colt by Gladiator, dam by Langar, 30 gs colt by Gladiator, out of Lollypop, 21 gs a@nd @ﬁlly, by Gladiator, d by Ishmael, out of Arac@ne, 17 gs. The Sha@h stallion , 225 gs. Colonel Thompson's Hamlet fetched 470 gs. The following lots were also sold, the property of Lord George ######### -Marrow Fat, 29 guineas Torchlight, 3 yrs, 29 guineas. Foals of 1842.-b c by Bay Middleton out of Phantasima, 15 guineas b f by Bay Middleton out of Torch, 10 guineas and b c by Bay Middleton out of Torchlight, 10 guineas. M@iscellaneous lots.-Hamlet, 47@0 guineas Bother'e@m, 100 guineas@ Twilight, 3 yrs, 100 guineas Sister to the Lord Mayor, 5 yrs, 91 gulneas@@ @Miss Harewood, 4 yrs, 82 guineas Colt foal, by Sheet Anchor out of Theresa, 77 guineas Pelisse, 49 guineas b m by Belshazzar, dam by Capsicum, 49 guineas Blister, 30 guineas Syren, 3 yrs, 26 guineas. At the sale of the Coursing Stud of t@he late Mr. P. Houghton, of Man- chester, the celebrated greyhound Tyrant fetched £210, Hester £@105, and several others, very good prices. T@HE ################### Monday the meet was at Stoke- common the deer was turned out at East Burnham Beeches, she would not face the country, and after ringing about close by was taken after being at large an hour and a half. The @ﬁeld was a large one. On Thursday another strong muster at Ditton Marsh the @ﬁrst deer turned out got hurt by being mobbed, and hunted about before the hounds were laid on, consequently she was ran into im- medlately. A second deer was then turned out which a@ﬀorded a good hour and a quarter's run over a sti@@ﬃsh country, namely, to Hock, and on to Epsom common, then to Ashstead‐park and Hedgeley, where the chase ended. On Saturday the deer was un- carted at New Lodge, passe@d Mr. Blane's park and over the forest, crossed and re crossed the Thames, and was taken near ######################################################### that he appeared on behalf of the ################# to Animals, to prose- cute the defendant for having most cruelly illtreated word or walk a step. A policeman said he saw the gentleman in a helples@s state at eleven o'clock, apparently supported by a you ###################################################################################################### interfered, and, as t@he defendant was wholly unintelligible, conveyed@ him to the station@ house. Defendant No doubt of it. The man is right, my lord. The Lord Mayor Was the man you were with your friend ?@-Defendant So much my friend that he wished to rob me of £9 or £10 that's all. But I want to be oﬀ. It won't do for @me to lose £10 @a‐day. I'll give what you please to the poor‐hex. The Lord Mayor You don't appear to be sober now. Have you had any sleep ?-Defendant Sleep ! God bless you I've been asleep till now, and I have not had a drop to- day yet,@ though Christmas is not over yet laughter . The policeman said that he had good reason to think that the gentleman had been robbed by a woman of the town of £3. Defendant Can't help that. Don't know it. Don't doubt it. But I'll be o@ﬀ now. How much tin shall drop@@ @@? The Lord Mayor Did the defendant o@ﬀend or injure any body in his drunkenness?-The Policeman Nobody, my lord. The Lord Mayor Then he is @ﬁned only @ﬁve shillings. Defendant Then I'm o@ﬀ. The Lord Mayor Don't let @me see you on Monday morn- ing a laugh @@@@. Defendant Never, except, perhaps, we have a drop to- gether great ############################################# Sir ################################################################ The case having just concluded, which occupied the attention of the two magistrates, Sir James Duke, on be- holding the lady, hastily quitted his seat, and retreated into ####################################################################### not quite so fortunate. The worthy magistrate, who appeared as if some sudden calamity had overtaken him, thus addressed the lady Now, Miss Newell, what do you want with me ?-Miss Newell with great solemnity Well, Sir Chapman, I've got you and though one gentleman won't listen to me another shall. For four‐and‐twenty years I've pursued this subject, and as this is the last day of the old ######################### determined to bring it to a point. Alderman Do, madam, tell me ###### detain me@?-Miss Newell looking up ##### then at her gold watch Why, what quarter of an hour? Alderman No pray say @ﬁve minutes. Miss Newell I'd rather you'd split the di@ﬀerence ############################################################# a horse. The charge arose out of the following circumstances -The defendant and another person agreed to drive their horses from Bath to Newbury, a distance of 53 miles, in four hours and a half. They started from Bath on Wed- nesday the 7th ult., about nine o'clock in the morning, and the defendant arrived at the Halfway‐house, in the parish of Welford, shortly after one o'clock, having driven the poor animal forty‐eight miles in four hours and a quarter. A witness would be able to prove that the conduct of the de- fendant when he passed the turnpike‐gate at Welford was most wantonly cruel. The landlord of the inn would be the next witness, and he would describe the condition of the horse when put into his stable, and that it died within twenty minutes after it arrived from the e@ﬀects of having been over‐driven. In the evening the ani- mal was examined by a veterinary surgeon in the presence of the landlord, and he should be able to prove that the immediate cause of death was the violent exertion it had been compelled to undergo. When the defendant reached Hungerford, he stopped a minute or two to give the horse some sherry. At this place, several persons remarked the condition of the horse, and advised the de- fendant not to proceed, as it was quite evident that the horse could not live to reach Newbury. He, however, per- sisted, and continued towards the Halfway‐house, when the death of the animal compelled him to give up the match. Mr. Thomas then called Robert Bemister, who stated that he keeps the turnpike gate at Hoe Benham, in the parish of Welford, and that on the 7th of the present month @he saw the defendant and another person, about one o'clock, coming from the direction of Hungerford towards the turn- pike gate. The other man was on horseback, and had hold of the reins of another horse, which was har- nessed to a light gig, and was dragging it along, while the defendant was walking by the side of the horse, and @ﬂogging it most violently. When they came to the gate, he particularly remarked the condition of the MORTALITY OF THE METROPOLIS. NUMBER OP DEATHS FROM ALL CAUSES REGISTERED IN THE WEEK ENDING SATURDAY, DEC.@ @24, 1842. ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### 395 Females, 438. Weekly average 1838‐9‐40‐1, Males, 467 Females, 445. ################################################ Corn, Pulse, Seeds, and Flour in the port of London, during the week ending on the 31st December. English Wheat 3,723, Barley 7,192, Malt 5,024, Oats 2,815, Beans 979, Peas 677, Tares 8, Linseed 7, and sundry other seeds 87 quarters, Flour 2,947 sacks. Scotch Wheat 50, Barley 3,295, Oats 3,985 quarters. Irish Oats 19,619 quarters. Fo- reign Wheat 1,035, Barley 388, Beans 4,050, Peas 230, Tares 2,049, and sundry other seeds 7 quarters. Flour 1,906 barrels. NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL MARKETS. MEAT.-Our markets, though they did not exhi@bit a very exten- sive supply, were in a very sluggish state, and the quotations were a shade lower. Beef from 3s to 3s @8d, Mutton 3s 4d to 4s 2d, Veal 3s 8d to 4s 2d, and Pork 3s 8d to 4s 6@d, per 81bs by the carcase. POULT@RY.-The supplies of both game and poultry on sale here to day being extensive, the general inquiry was heavy, at the follow- ing somewhat depressed rates -Turkeys 5s to 20s, Geese 4s to 7s, Capons 4s to 10s, Roasting Pigs 4s to 8s, Rabbits 4d to 1s 3d, Hares 2s to 3s 6d, Partridges 1s 3d to 2s, Woodcocks 2s to 3s, Pheasants 2s 6d to 4s, Grouse 2s to 3s, Ptarmigan 1s 8d to 2s 6d, Snipes 1s to 1s 6d, Teal 4d to 1s, Wild Ducks 1s 3d to 2s, Widgeons 8d to 1s 6d, Plovers 6d to 8d, and Pigeons @6d to 10d each, Fowls 4s to 8s, Chickens 2s to 4s, a@nd Ducks 2s to 5s per couple. Fresh Butter 1s 3d to 1s 5d per 1b., Eggs 8s to 10s @per 10@0. WHITECHAPEL. The supply of meat was large, though inquiry for it was slow, at late rates. Beef from 3s 2d to 3s 8d, Mutton 3s 4d to 4s 2d, Veal 3s @8d to 4s 2d, and Pork 3s 6d to 4s 6d per 81b. by the carcase. NEWPORT. We had a large quantity of meat brought forward this morning, the sale for which was slow. Beef from 3s 2d to 3s 10d, Mutton 3s to 4s 2d, Veal 3s 8d to 4s 4d, and Pork 3s 8d to 4s 6d per 81bs by the carcase. BILLINGSGATE. We had a decided improvement in the demand for most kinds of @ﬁsh, and the rates had an upward tendency. Turb@ots sold at from 10s to 24s, Cod@‐ﬁsh 1s @6d to 12s, Haddocks 4d to 1s 2d, Whit- ings 4d to 8d, Mackerel @8d to 1s 2d, Dorys 2s to @8s @6d, Crabs @6d to 2s @6d, and Lobsters 1s 3d to 3s 6d each, Soles 8d to 3s 3d per pair, Smelts 1s 10d to 3s, Fresh Herrings 1s to 2s 4d, and Thames Flounders 1s 2d to 2s 2d per dozen, Salmon 10d to 1s 4d, Crimped Skate @6d to 10d, and Eels @6d to 1s 3d per 1b, Sprats 3s to 4s 3d, and Oysters 16s to 25s per bu@shel. HUNGERFORD. Notwithstanding the supplies of meat and other articles were scanty, the general inquiry was slow, at about late rates. COVENT GARDEN. Owing to the continued mildness of the weather, we had a very large supply of most kinds of vegetables on sale in to day's market, while the demand was heavy, at barely last week's currencies. Fruit was again abundant, and extremely low in price. Potatoes sold hea- vily, at their quotations. Potatoes from 3s to 4s per cwt, Turnips 1s 10d to 2s @3d, Carrots 3s to 5s, Coleworts or Greens 1s 3d to 2s, and Leeks 1s to 1s @6d per dozen bunches, Apples 1s 3d to 3s, Pears 4s to 5s @@6d, Onions 1s @6d to 2s @6d per half sieve, New Oranges and Lemons 8s to 10s, and Walnuts 10d to 1s 4d per 100, Brocoli @6s to 12s, and Celery 13s to 18s, per dozen bunches, Endive 1s @6d to 2s 6d, per score, Savoys 1s to 2s, and Red Cabbages 2s to @8s per dozen heads, Mush@rooms 1s to 1s @8d, and Small Salad 2d to 3d per punnet, Turnip Radishes @8d to 1s per dozen hands, Horseradish @1s 6d to 3s per bundle, Spanish Nuts 2s to 3s@, Barcelona 3s to 3s 2d, and Chestnuts 2s 6d to 3s @6d per peck. HAY MARKETS. ################## Meadow Hay,Hay, ############# 15s useful ditto, ###################### ﬁne Upland ditto, @£4 5s to £4 10s Clover Hay, £4 to £5 10s Oat Straw, @£2 to £2 2@@s Wheat Straw, £2 3s to £2 4S per load. ##### moderate, and trade rather dull, at about stationary prices. #################### Meadow Hay, £3 5s to £3 15s @@useful ditto £4 to £4 5s @ﬁne Upland ditto, £4 @6s to £4 12@@s Clover Hay, £4 0s to £5 @6s Oat Straw, @£2 1s to £2 3s Wheat Straw, £2 4s to £2 5s per load. A short supply and a steady inquiry, at the above quotations. WHITECHAPEL.-Coarse Meadow Hay, £3 0s to £3 15s useful ditto, £4 0s to £4 4s ﬁne Upland ditto, £4 5s to £4 10s Clover Hay, £4 5s to £5 15@@s Oat Straw, £1 18s to £2 2s Wheat Straw, £2 2s to £2 4s per load. Both Hay and Straw met a slow inquiry, will out material alteration in @ﬁgure. HIDE MARKET. RAW RIDES.-Best Steers and Heifers, ##### to 6s 5d Middling Hides, 5s 4d to 5s 10d inferior ditto, 4s 8d to 5s 2d, at per stone of #################################### Calf, 8s 0d to 9s 0d Long- woolled Sheep, 2s 10d to 4s 4d Short ditto, 2s 2d to 3s 0d at ### sk@@in. BREAD. The prices of ####### Bread in the metropolis are from 7d to 7½d of Household, 5d to @@@6½d, per 4‐1b ############################### OF THE LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET FOR THE W@EEK ENDING FRIDAY, DEC. 30. The trade purchased rather extensively of Cotton during the past week the demand was freely met, and the lower qualities of American of the gig horse, which appeared completely exhausted, and hardly able to put one leg before the other. Witness fully ex- pected that if the defendant had stopped to pay the toll, the horse would have dropped down and died. They passed through the gate, and, as far as the witness coul@d see, the defendant continued to @ﬂog the poor animal most unmerci- fully. It was about ten minutes past one o'clock when they passed witness. The Halfway‐house is about a quarter of a mile further on. Robert Atlee, the landlord of the Halfway‐house proved that the horse died in his stable within a short time after the defendant arrived, in consequence, in the opinion of witness, of having been over‐driven. This was also the opinion of the veterinary surgeon. The defendant, who appeared to treat the matter with great indi@ﬀerence, did not deny that he had driven the horse the distance in the period of time stated but said that the death of the horse did not preceed from over‐ex- ertion, but because it had been fed shortly before starting, and had been allowed to take some cold water at Marl- borough. The magistrates having consulted together, the Chair- man told the defendant that the magistrates were unani- mous in convicting him of the o@ﬀence charged, and that he ################################################################## pay a penalty of £5 6s. 6d., costs included or, in ############################### of payment, be imprisoned for two months, with ################################################################################################################################################################ meeting of this branch of the Metroplitan Asso- ciation was held on Friday evening at the Rosemary Branch, Southampton‐street, Camberwell, for the purpose of orga- nising the district for the collection of the Great League Fund. Mr. Lyon, the honorary secretary, who did not arrive until near nine o'clock, stated, in explanation of his absence, that he had been detained at a meeting at the Central‐o@@ﬃce, West Strand, and he was happy to inform them that Mr. Paulton, from Manchester, had addressed that meeting, and recommended a line of operation for the bet- ter success of the objects they had in view, which had been unanimously adopted, and a resolution passed to carry it out. Mr. Lyon then proceeded to explain the measure which had been decided upon after which he stated that he was now prepared to issue subscription cards for amounts vary- ing from 1s. to £5, so as to suit all classes of subscribers, and to receive the names of such gentlemen as wished to co‐operate with the committee sitting at the British Hotel, Cockspur- street. Upon the subject of registration of members on the roll of the League, he had to report that he had put in circulation one hundred sheets, to which 2,000 signatures had already been a@@ﬃxed, and a registration fee of from one penny to a shilling received from each party, making in the aggregate £20 applause , which sum he had no doubt would be considerably increased before the close of the registration. As that was the last meeting for the year 1842, he would state that he had funds to commence the next year's campaign. The receipts for the year, including the amount realised by two soirées, were £85, of which, after all disbursements, he had a balance in hand ap- plause . Several gentlemen then addressed the meeting, ########################################################### Chairman of the association, Goulston, W. Clarke, J. Smith, F. Ferran@d, J. Bone, J. Poulten, J. A. Lyon, @@c. The meeti@ng then separated. ########################## man of the name of Cornelius Brosnanan, was last week committed by J. Drummond, Esq., the stipendiary magistrate of this town, to the county gaol, charged with a murder com- mitted twenty years ago on a man named Edmond M@'Sweeney. The prisoner was arrested by one of the police@@@@@@@ stationed in ###################################################################### of this day se'nulght, which we also repeat for other descriptions, though rather higher prices were obtained for the better kinds. The market closed some what quietly to‐day. The transactions were on a large scale, 36,050 bales having met with purchasers 200 American and 100 Surat were bought by exporters, and 6,500 American were taken on speculat@ion. 4,@620 American and 20 Maranham were forwarded into the interior, unsold, this month. COTTON MARKET, DEC. 31. The sales to‐day were rather limited, not more than 3,000 @bales having met with buyers. Prices were perfectly steady, and the market closed quietly. CORN MARKET, DEC. 30. We have had fair imports of Oats and Oatmeal from Ireland, but the arrivals of other articles thence or coastwise have been very light since Tuesday, and the foreign supplies were also on a limited scale. Having a very thin attendance of buyers at market this morning, the Wheat trade continued dull, and the transactions in that de- scription of grain were extremely few, still prices were in all in- stances steadily maintained. English and Irish Flour on a @ﬂat inquiry were rather cheaper, but foreign sorts were unaltered in value. Oats were in moderate request, on terms nearly equal to those last quoted, and Oatmeal was @ﬁrm. Prime Barley and Malt brought full prices, other qualities were unsaleable, and Beans and Peas were neglected. IRISH PROVISION MARKET, DEC. 30. The fresh arrivals of Butter from Ireland since Saturday last have amonnted to 4,788 @ﬁrkins. Our Butter market has been rather brisk this week. Several wholesale dealers from the country, anti- cipating a further advance from the lightness of the stocks, have been extensive buyers, and the home con@sumption trade altogether has had a good tone. Fair to @ﬁne descriptions were held for an ad- vance of 2s to 3s per cwt. on previous rates, but we have no im- prove@ment to notice in inferior sorts, owing to the import from Canada having been considerable of late, and comprised of various qualities, which were mostly o@ﬀered on low terms. Cork pickled seconds were in demand for export, and is to 2s per cwt. dearer. Bacon moved oﬀ slowly. Irish keg Lard was scarce, and American was in good request, at 44s to 45s per cwt. duty paid. Barrelled Provisions were taken to a moderate extent for sh@ips' stores, and exporters purchased 60 barrels of Irish and 150 barrels of American Beef and Pork. Butter Belfast, new, 76s to 78s Ballymony, 74s to 78s ########## @@68s to 72@@s Carlow, new, 64s to 78s Cork idle tales, and, in answer to his request to be put in pos- session of the treasure, required the usual infallible' crossing of the hand with money, and as the riches to be ob- tained were great, so the amount demanded was high, being no less than £100. But as riches were not of easy attain- ment, and such an opportunity of acquiring them seldom occurs the weak‐minded fellow determined to possess the treasure, and gathered all his money, which amounted to £25, as the price for the information, but the sybil would not sell him the secret for this sum, and he accordingly bor- rowed of his neighbours £75, to make up the amount de- manded. The gypsy having received the hundred sove- reigns, wrapped them in a piece of brown paper, and going with the man up stairs, they both knelt down, and, after pretending to utter some charms upon them, she returned to him a brown parcel, to @be put in a box, which was not to be opened for a week, when there was to be £150. The tale scarcely needs to be further told on opening the parcel there were one hundred and @ﬁfty pieces of tin ! When the fraud was discovered the impostor had decamped, but she has been traced to the neighbourhood of Manchester. A reward of £10 is o@ﬀered for her apprehension.-Preston Chronicle. ############################### Satur- day night, about half‐past seven o'clock, an accident occurred to the Phoenix Dover Coach, which had just arrived from Dover, at the Bricklayer's Arms, in the Old Kent‐road. The coachman had got down from the box, as customary, giving t@he horses in charge to a man at their heads. Several of the passengers also got down, leaving three others, two gentlemen and a boy, on the r@oof. In a few minutes the leaders were startled by the sudden smack- ing of a carter's whip, and notwithstanding all the e@ﬀorts of the man to stop them, set o@ﬀ at full gallop, through the gate in the New Kent‐road, and proceeded at a tremendous pace, with the reins dragging at their heels, towards West- minster‐bridge. The passengers on the outside were in the greatest terror, and the shouts of the people in their endea- vours to stop the horses but increased the animals' speed. They passed the Elephant and Castle without coming in contact with any of the numerous omnibuses plying there, and pursued their career along the St. George's‐road, to the Marsh‐gate, in the Westminster‐road, through which they dashed without the least damage. By the time the horses reached the foot of Westminster‐bridge they began to slacken their speed, and the two gentlemen clambered over the roof of the coach and descended behind, but the boy was afraid to attempt it. Just as the horses reached the centre of the bridge a boy with a truck, another branch Dover coach, and a brewer's dray, were coming in an opposite direction, and there being no room for them to pass, they all came with fearful violence against the dray, and by the collision the coach was overturned and the lad was thrown violently on to the pavement, and miraculously escaped unhurt. One of the leaders was killed on the spot and the forepart of the coach was smashed to pieces. T@he lad draw- ing the truck fortunately escaped with only a few bruises. The damage done to the coach is very considerable. ################# Friday last this town and neighbourhood were visited with a most terri@ﬁc thunder storm, which did much damage in many places. Mr. Ellis, of @@Wardhouse, has su@ﬀered to a consider@able extent his house was struck with the electric @ﬂuid, which rent the gables almost every pane of glass in the windows were smashed, and much damage was done to the furniture. A servant girl, who had a knife in her hand, which attracted the lightning, was severely injured and another servant girl is also greatly burnt. The children and nursery‐maid were all in the nursery, seated round the @ﬁre, aed the entire room with the exception of the part they were in , was destroyed by the lightning. All the china, delph, and glass are destroyed@ and the house, with the exception of a parlour and bedroom over it, is past repairing. The pendulum of the clock was twisted like a screw. Never had any family a more miracu- Ious escape from so awful a visitation. The loss of property to Mr. Ellis exceeds £200. As far as we can learn, there @has been no loss of human life, but the loss of cattle and other property throughout the country is considerable.-Bally- shannon Herald. DIED. December 31, aged 37, S@usan, the beloved wife of P. Baker ####################### and daughter of J. Anstice, Esq., of Axmi@nster, after a Very severe and lingering illness, which she bore with t@he most exe@mplary and christian resignation. On the 30thult., at his house, Tottenham green, ############## Bayes. In Cambridge‐street, Co@@nnaug@ht‐square, On the ########################### youngest daughter of John Williams, Esq., late of her Majesty'S Receipt of Exchequer. On the 24th ult., at St. Michael's, near Liverpool, Abigail, the wife of David Dockray. On the 27th ult. Thomas Einns, of Mount Vernon street, Liver- verpool, a member of the Society of Friends. HIGH WATER AT LONDON‐BRIDGE THIS DAY. Morning.... 59 min. past 2@. Afternoon 18 min. past 3. ################################################# by MR. FOSTER.-The GREAT ########## GOODS, announced to take place by ######## at the corner of Fleet and Farringdon‐streets, being the entire STOCK of the largest wholesale trading @@ﬁrms in the City. Mr. FOSTER is instructed to SELL the whole of these GOODS to retail customers, having represented to the proprietor@ the di@@ﬃculty of e@ﬀecting an e@@ﬃcient sale at his Auction Rooms, where the nobility and per one calculated to purchase expensi@ve linen@s and curiously @ﬁne d@amask cloths, @@c., would not attend. As these goods have been accumulating some ###### ####### the articles are of a superior fabric to those of the present day since steam has so completely superseded hand‐loom weaving . In answer to the numerous orders for the silks and fancy goods advertised that part of the stock is entirely cleared out, and in ord@@er that the remain@ing portion of the stock, consisting of Carpets, Linens, @c., may be disposed of quickly the premises being let , 2s. in the pound will be allowed extra o@ﬀ all purchases that exceed ten pounds. The sale no@w consists principally of linens of the @ﬁnest character, and the reduction is guaranteed to the following extent, as will be seen on inspection -580 pieces of Bennett's @ﬁnest Coleraine ###### of the original s. d. value of 1s. 9d. and 2s. per yard, will be sold all at 25 yards for 25 0 160 pi@eces of the @ﬁnest numbers, suitable for the wear of the nobility or persons wishing @ﬁnest linens, 26 yards for . . 42 0 About 1,400 pieces of Knox's stout linens, that were bought from him direct at 16½d. per yard, average, will be reduced to 26 yards for Several boxes of yard wide curiously @ﬁne soft Irishes ### nally marked 3s. 9d. per yard, are further reduced 25 yards for 50 The sheetings and table linens are all of the @ﬁnest description, the coarser qualities having been sold to the trade. The prices will be for line@n she@etings, @ﬁne quality, three yards wide, the pair, 10s. 6d. and tho@se of the very best description, full bleached, and of the original value of 9s. 6d. to 6s per yard, will be reduced to 20s. the pair. The following is a list of table linens, as per book, rendered to Mr. Foster -1,380 table cloths, all two yards square, @ﬁnest damask, each 3s. 6d., or by the ######### dozen of breakfast cloths, 1½ yards square, all each 1s. 2d., or by the ######### superb damask cloths, full three yards lo@ng, valued as per book at 2@5s. each, will be sold, ########## 160, full three yards long, inferior damasks, will be sold, at, each . #################### 3 6 Besides about £3@,000 worth of the most curious and expensive table cloths and napkins, ma@ny with coronet, landscapes, and emblema- tical designs, varying from 3 to 8 yards long, m@an@y of the orig@inal value of 10 guineas each, will be sold, being 6 yards long, for 35s, and 40s. 160 dozen of na@pkins are reduced from 30s. to 8s. 6d. the dezen, ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################