[OCR_toInput] 4-ijr THE MORNING CHRONICLE, FRIDAY, JANUARY 1. JtAlLW.IV FROM LON DOR TO CAM BRIDGE, NORWICH, AND YARMOUTH. A meeting was held on Wednesday, at the Hast India and Colonial Club rooms, in Suffolk-street, l'all-mall, for tbe purpose of considering the propriety of establishing Milway tojoiu the Northern and Eastern Railway, at Itishop's Stortford, to Norwich and Yarmouth, by Cam bridge, Newmarket, aud Thetford. The meeting, which was both numerous and highly respectable, wus attended by tho Marquess of Douro, M. V,, W. L. W. Chute, K q M. P-, Benjamin Smith, Esq., M. P., Mr. Alderman l arcbrother, Isaac Jcrmy, Esq., Recorder of Norwich, Samuel Bignold, Ksq., Edward Varnish. Ksq., General Blachford, Major Head, Captain Kerr, Richard Broun, Ksq., George Robinson, Esq., William Taylor, Esq , W. J. Taylor, Ksq., James V. Smith, Esq., Thomas Hamtnoud, Ksq. Yarmouth . J. 1.. Cufaude, Ksq. Yarmouth , .1. Harman, Ksq., chairman of the Brighton Railway, - M'Lean, Esq., William Drake, Esq East Dereham j, Mr, Mann t Nor erich', William Clark, Ksq. Thetford , Chistopher Span-ton, Ksq. Attleborough , Richard Lloyd, Ksq., A. A. H. Beckwith, Ksq. governor of the Corporation ol Guardians of Norwich , William Andrews, Ksq., Hyde Clarke, Ksq , William 1-axton, Ksq., James Sowerby, Ksq., Joseph Parkes, F.sq., W. M. Kitton, Ksq., of Norwich, with nu merous other influential gen.lemen. styled the Norfolk, Suffolk, and .Cambridge Railway Company. Mr. Bigrold rejoiced to learn from the report ef their taieuted engineer that the contemplated line of railway would not interfere at all with the purksor estates ef pri vate gentlemen, and he hoped that circumstance would conciliate man? in their favour. He alluded to that statement in the icnort more particularly, because a very intelligent and influential gentleman, who he believed was honoured and respected by all who knew him Mr. Richard Gurney , had expressed, through the press, his hostility to railways, because they cut through and de stroyed valuable estates, but when that gentleman ascer-t,.iiied that Mr. Rastrick's line would commit no such in jury, he Mr. Bignold I hoped that his extensive and pow erful influence would be exerted in favour of an un dertaking that could not fail to prove highly beneficial to his follow-citizens cheers , Mr. Rastrkk wished to state that there was oue nobleman s park affected by the line, namely, Lord Bray-brooke's, but the act obtained by the Northern and Eastern Counties Railway Company would obviate all difficulty in that respect. Ii.xai Jermv, Esq., recorder of Norwich, and chair man ol the county quarter sessions, rose to move the next resolution, in doing so he observed that a meeting had been advertised to be held at Norwich next Tnurr-d iy. To the requisition calling that meeting were the names of a great number of men of property and in W. L. W. Chute, Esq. M.P. was called to the chair, j j uen ce, and that meeting had been called for the pur-The Marquess of I ouko, in moving the first reso u ioD, pose ot considering, not what particular line should be served that some people objectedI to railways alogetner, u j optc d but wbM wns be8t t0 bc done without regard s.i . . . l. ,1 ... .l . .. jm ..t ..Awtrikntn mttnn fn this mi n_ ' bser . . . , and thought that they did not contribute much to the pub lie contonicnce but even those persons would agree that a railway to Norwich was necessary when they were made aware ef the fact, that those places which had an easy and quick communication with London by means of rail road had an advantage of which Norwich and Yarmouth had hitherto been deprived, and which proved highly in jurious to the commerce and agriculture of those popu lous and important towns hear, hear , Tho resolu tion was ax follows That this meeting is impressed with a strong conviction, that unless the county ol Norfolk, city of Norwich, and tow as of Cambridge, Newmarket, Thetford, and Great Yarmouth, by the immediate construction of a railway to the metropolis, arc placed upon an equality with other parts of the kingdom, where railroad, are completed, and an progress, the great agricultural and commereial in terests of this importantdistrict must materially suffer in the race of competition. Samuel Bignold, Esq. of Norwich , seconded the resolution. He felt that the railway was necessary for the welfare of the city of Norwich, which stood parti cularly in need of the benefits of u railway communica tion with the metropolis hear, hear . He had lately-had an opportunity of communicating with the leading manufacturers In Norwich, and there was an universal complaint that the manufacturing interest was sutfer-jug greatly in consequence of not having the advan tage of a railway. The merchants and traders of London could visit York and return to London almost in the lime they could now merely go to Norwich. He was therefore prepjrcd to support to the utmost the formation of a railway to Norwich, but he would not lend that sup port to any project which he was not fully satisfied was aet on foot for the public good. If he eould for a moment suppose there was any political object, or any other object Jo this project than the promotion of public interests and the welfare ol his fellow citizens, he would immediately retire from it hear. hear . Two years ago there was a talk of u railway to Norwich, but there was then an unwillingness on the part of the citizens of Norwich to put down their numes for shares, because they were ap prehensive that the project would terminate like the Eastern Counties affair-that the railway would be com pleted for about thirty or forty miles from London, and Norwich left iu the lurch. He himself stated at the time, that if they would commence the work at Norwich he would take shares to the amount of J ,000 . He was pre pared to say the same again and if it could be shown to tne citizens of Norwich that there was a bvnafid inten tion of connecting Norwich with the metropolis, people of all sbudes of political opinion would come forward and support it hear, hear . He highly approved of the line now contemplated, and would support it by taking shares, although it would not be in his power, being a commercial man, to take any active part in the management. Mr. Bignold concluded amidst great applause, by seconding the lirst resolution, which was carried unanimously. B. ri.'iiTH, Esq., M. P. for Norwich, proposed the second resolution, and expressed his opinion that the line pro posed by Mr. Rastrisk, the engineer, was a good line. Indeed, he did not scruple to say that he had always been of opinion that a line in the direction of Cambridge would be the cheapest und most preferable. The resolution was os follows - That this meeting are of opinion that a line of railway proceeding from armouth to Bishop's Stortford. by way of Norwich, Wymondham, Attle borough, Thetford, Newmarket,and Cambridge, will afford advantages for carrying out the objects proposed, and may apparently be completed at a reasonable cost, end secure a considerable traffic, with a prospect of in crease, by the junction of railways from the north at Cambridge, and by the completion of branches from Lin colnshire, Huntingdonshire, Bury St. Edmund's, and other parts of Suffolk, and all parts of the important dis tricts of the Bedford Level the towns ot Lynn, Swaff-ham, Kakenham, and Dereham, and all the western parts of Norfolk. Thomas Hammond, Esq., a magistrate of Yarmouth, .and chairman of the Fishing Merchants' Club, seconded the resolution. He was happy to say that in the town of Yarmouth all party feeling with regard to this matter was completely buried in oblivion. Every one must feel the importance of a railway not only to Yarmouth and Norwich, but to the whole county hear, hear, , ear and he was authorised to state on behalf of the trading and fishing interests in the town of Yarmouth that they would lend their utmost endeaveurs to carry the measure into full effect cheers . He agreed with Mr. Bignold that the work should be commenced simultaneously at each end, because Norwich and Yar mouth had been thrown in the background by th con duct of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. He understood that tbe members for Yarmouth were out of town, otherwise, he had ascertained, they would have attended this meeting but he could state for the inform ation of tho gentlemen present, that a few weeks ago he had a long conversation with them upon the subject of a line of railroad to Yarmouth, aud they both pledged them selves to use their utmost endeavours to have it carried into operation cheers . Mr. Rastru k then read the following extracts from an able and elaborate Report, which he had prepared -TNc line proceeds from Bishop's Stortford to Cam bridge thence to Newmarket, Mildcnhall, Thetford, At tleborough, Wymondam, and Norwich to Yarmouth. •• In carrying out the line, but little difficulty will be experienced in getting through Parliament as to the part between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, iuasmuch as all questions with the landowners have been settled in the act obtained by the Northern and Eastern Company, but subsequently abandoned by them for want of funds. The geological character of nearly the entire line is the .chalk formation, furnishing materials of the most fa vourable description, both for cuttings and embankments, and the road, when once made. n a ' be maintained at the minimum expense. , . . The most expensive part o. the line is between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, anu time required for its completion would be about three years. - This part of the line has, however, extensive a. v n ' tages. forming as it does the key to all railroads to the metropolis coming in this direction from the north, as well as from Norwich and all other parts of Norfolk, Lincoln shire, Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, Suffolk, and some portion of the county of Middlesex, thereby insuring a good dividend to the shareholders upon that portion of tbe capital expended in forming it. The obtaining the proprietorship of this part of the line is therefore most important. No tuDnei will be required from Cambridge to Yar mouth, a distance of nearly eighty miles, and there arc no extraordinary deep cuttings nor embankments, and only-one viaduct, and no deep ravines or rapid rivers to cross, whilst the materials arc of such an excellent quality of cuttings that they may be cut upright, and a large por tion of the land is of so inferior a quality that its pur chase will form an iuconsiderable item in the expenditure, and the line does not pass through or interfere with any gentleman's park or pleasure grounds, nor in any way passes iu an objectiouabic manner through any town. .. i lC . whole line will form an easy and expeditious means of communication from, to, and between Cam-bridge, Newmarket, the ffwaffhams, Eordham, Soham. Mildcnhall, Thetford, Brandon, Harliog, the Bucken-hams, Kennioghall, Attleborough, Hingham, Wymond ham ' Norwich, und Yarmouth, affording facilities for branches Irom Ware, Hertford, Huntingdon, St. Neots, Ely ij ur y gt. Edmund's, Downturn, Swaffham, Dere ham Lvnn, aud thence to Wisbech, Stamford, and the whole of the improving and important district of the Great Bedford Level of the Kens and also forming the natural communication between the metropolis and the contemplated new district of the Great Level of the VV ash. ,, yvj, b a these populous cities, towns, und villages, there can b no doubt but that the passenger traffic along this line will be immense .und the line between Cambridge and Yuimouth can be made in the short space of two years, whilst that from Bishops Stortford will require only one year longer, so that this entire line will be open to tbe public in three years. •• The cost between Cambridge and Norwich is esti mated at a less sum per mile than any other railway in tho kingdom of so great AD extent can be made for, this part of iine extending for six'V-threc miles. •• The cost between Norwich and Yarmouth is esti mated at a still less sum per mile this part of the line extending over about eighteen miles, and giving the greatest possible facility to the fishing intei . st ' n ® n ' D S off their fish to the metropolis und the intei'. ,or of 'h e couutry, and forming tlic most advantageous and i'.7'f ° r tant station in the kingdom for the northern foreign ma packets Mr. Kastiuck also produced an estimate of the expenses of the formation of the line, together with a calculation of the traffic from data carefully collected, showing a profitable return to the shareholders for the capital to be invested. The resolution was put by the Chairman, and carried unanimously. Mr. Beckwith then liauded to the chairman a latter from the sheiitl of Norwich, expressing his decided appro bation of Urn meeting, and the proposed line of railway. Mr. Bignold proposed the third resolution, which was seconded by E. Varnish, Esq., aud carried unanimously. It was as follows-That John I'rpeth Rastrick, Esq , having produced to this mectiug sections and plans ex-tending over such line, and having made a report thereon, showing its great advantages and facilities for execution, this meeting are of opinion that a company should be im mediately formed for the completion of the same, to be to the interests of solicitors, agents, engineers, or any party whatsoever hear, hear, hear . For him self he could couscientiously state that he discountenanced unythiug of the sort, but before they could expect to en list the public in their cause, they must satisfy them that they were determined to carry on the undertaking per fectly independent of all private interests hear, hear, hear . The best way in which they could manifest such a determination was to tender their co-operation to the meeting about to be heid at Norwich, to afford them every information and explanation in their power, and to unite with them in carrying out the common object. If that meeting desireda little deviation from the proposed line, the object should be to endeavour to meet their view. So if meetings should be heid in Suffolk or Cambridge, they ought to be met in the same spirit hear, hear . The reso lution which had been entrusted to him was as fellows -That having observed with great satisfaction the an nouncement of a meeting of the landowners of Norfolk, for the purpose of supporting a railway, this meeting re quests its chairman forthwitn to put himself in communi cation with those gentlemen, it being the opinion of this meeting that it is essential for ensuring the success of so great an undertaking that all interests should co-operate in one united effort to obtain its completion. J. Harman, Esq., chairman of the Brighton Rail way Company, seconded the resolution. He was in no way connected with the counties ef Norfolk aud Suffolk, but was a London man. He had, however, been engaged in a very large railway undertaking, and having had the plans ami sections of ihe proposed railway to Yarmouth laid before him, und explained by Mr. Rastrick, who had acted with him in carrying out the London and Brighton Railway, he had no hesitation in saying that he fully ap proved of the undertaking. At the same time he would state his conviction that if they went before Parliament with any decided opposition they would find it difficult to get parties toco-opcratc with them and if gentlemen who were locally interested in the promotion of the railway did not also come forward in such a manner us to convince tlie moneyed interest of London und other places that they were earnest in their object. There ought, therefore, to be the greatest co-operation throughout the whole of the line. He could safely say, having looked at the plans and sections, and the estimates of Mr. Rastrick, and hav ing devoted some time to his able report, that that gen. ileman had furnished them with an estimate founded on honest principles. Those who embarked in the under taking need be under no apprehension of not receiving umple remuneration for their capital and trouble. He should be glad to render ull the assistance in his power in carrying out the undertaking, but he must first of all be persuud'-d that tho gentlemen who had projected it were in earnest, and felt the necessity of a railway. Christopher Stanton, Esq., Attleborough, stated tliut he had received a note from Sir Thomas Beevor, ex pressing his approbates of the undertaking. He had waited on Lord Albemarle, who had told him that his en gagements would prevent his attending the meeting, but that he was ready to assist the measure by all the means in his power, and his lordship hud distinctly authorised him Mr. Spanton to state to the meeting that be was perfectly satisfied the railway would prove advantageous lo his property and the country in general hear, near . A letter had also been put into bis hand by Mr. Cufnude, ol Yarmouth, from the mayor of that borough, approviog the line, and he could assure the meeting that through out the district iu which he resided Attleborough the landowners were unanimously in favour of the proposed railway hear, hear . William Clark, Esq. clerk of the peace of Thet ford begged leave to state that he had been requested to attend the meeting on the part of Thetford, and to express the concurrence oi the inhabitants of that borough in the measure, and their desire to see itcarried into full operation. He as tho agent of my Lord Ashburton could also state that us tbe line projected by Mr. Rastrick would not inter fere prejudicially with his lordship's estate, he Lord Ash burton would support it. The intended railway would certainly piss through Lord Ashburton's property us well as his own, but he Mr. Clark would cheerfully submit to anything that was for the good of Thetford and the country in general hear, hear . John Deck, Esq., of Bury, had also written to say that he highly approved of Mr. Rastrick's line, and that the inhabitants of Bury ware anxious to see the main trunk of the railway established, in order that a branch might be carried on to Bury, and that he was convinced th Marquess of Bristol, ever anxious to promote the interests of that borough, would give the undettaking his cordial support hear, hear . Mr. Drake stated that he should not have obtruded himself upon the notice of the meeting but for the obser vations of Mr. Harman, the chairman of the Brighton railway. Having, however, been in communication with several of the noblemen and gentlemen whose names had been mentioned in the announcement of tho meeting to be held in Norwich, and holding letters from Lord Sondes and others of those parties, containing assurances that they were not pledged to any particular line, he felt it due to the meeting, and particularly to those London capitalists who had honoured the meeting with their sanction and presence, to assure them that the requisitionists of the Norwich meeting would ap proach tbe discussion of the subject unfettered, and quite prepared to adopt the most practicable and least expen sive line and, indeed, had they been aware of the great sacrifice in expense and labour which had been incurred in maturing and perfecting the able plans, sections, and report, which Mr. Rastrick had this day produced, he Mr. Drake felt assured that these gentlemen would not nave felt any such meeting necessary. Mr. Drake added that he was also entrusted with letters from influential inhabitauts of the important town of Lynn, expressing cordial co-operation in the objects of the meeting, and begging that the extension of the line to that densely populated and wealthy district might not be lost sight of which letters were handed to the chairman. The resolution was then put and carried. Mr. arnish proposed the fifth resolution That a committee be appointed to arrange the details of the company, and to carry out the views of the meeting, with power to add to their numbers Which was seconded by D. M'Lean, Esq., and carried unanimously. A. A. H. Beckwith, Esq., governor of the corporation of the court of guardians of the city of Norwich, then moved the fallowing vote of thanks to the chairman That the thanks uf this meeting are pre-eminently due to the chairman for his kindness in taking the chair, and his marked attention to the important business of the meeting and observed that one advantage that would attend the railway would be the employment of a vast number of poor persons, who were at present in a state of the most abject poverty. He had been informed by several manufacturers that the falling off in the staple trade of Norwich was mainly owing to the defect of com munication between Norwich and the metropolis, as com pared with the facility of communication between London and the northern counties. It was of vital importance to Norwich that the railway should be completed as soon as possible, and it would prove a great benefit not merely to commerce but to agriculture. R. Lloyd, Esq , sec ended the vote of thanks, which was carried amidst great applause. The Chairman returned thanks, and observed that he had felt great pleasure iu attending the meeting. As one of the representatives of the county, he considered it to he his bounden duty to do all he could to benefit it. and he thought ho could not benefit it more than by assisting in the accomplishment of that great measure they had met to carry out hear, hear . He thought be might now congratulate the county on the fair pros pect ol attaining that desirable object, and the county of Norfolk would no longer be the only county that was not blessed with the advantage of a railway commu nication. Great unanimity had prevailed at that meet ing, and he hoped it was an earnest ot the union and good feeling that would exist throughout. If they made a strong pull they must succeed, and it was his opinion, after due consideration, that Mr. Rastrick's line was the one that ought to be adopted, going as it did near Cambridge hear, hear . No agricultural county could possibly raise money enough for the purposes of a line of ihis nature, and therefore they must of course look to London and other places for the principal part of their funds. There was, however, only one way of inducing the monied interest to render assistance, and that was by taking shares themselves. Let every gentleman who wished to sec a railroad to Norwich and Yarmouth established, just calculate upon the advantage he himself would de-rive from it, say fairly what he would give to see it ac-co mp' i t hed, and then put down his namo for that amount of shares hear, hear . They would then very soon de rive assistance from capitalists hear, hear . In conclu sion he begged again to return his sincere thanks for the honour they had done him, und would be happy to meet any gentleman who could conveniently attend the meeting to be held next Thursday in Norwich. lo pursuance of the above resolutions a company was immediately formed, and shares to a large amount taken in the room. Rrdditch.-Another of those distressing acci dents, so often occurring from the improper use of fire-°° t P' aco here on Wednesday last. A grandson of Mr. Davis, of the Crown Inn, was in the act of shoot ing at a small bird, when the fowling piece a very old one buist, and fractured his skull in a shocking manner. he young man lies in a very precarious state, with but a faint hope of recovery.-Worcester Chronicle. THE CHARTISTS AT INVERNESS. FROM AS INVERNESS PAPER. Handbills were issued on Monday, announcing that Mr. Juliau Harney, from London, ex-member for Northumber land, to the quondam so called National Convention, would address the inhabitants of Inverness, showing the necessity for an inquiry into the condition of the working classes, at eight o'clock in the evening. Admis sion two pence, to defray expenses. The meeting was held in a room in Raining Stairs. Shortly after the time announced, Mr. Julian Harney, a young man, wrapped in a plaid, entered the room, and mounted on a tabic. Mr. Muclcnnan, watchmaker, was appointed chairman. Mr. Harney's speech consisted of the stale and hack-neyed topics which form the staple of Chartist harangues Ho represented the working classes as in a state border ing upon starvation. The hand-loom weavers of Cum berland had only sixpence per day. Mr. H. then said there was not an honest representative for Scotland. He stigmatised the clergy as robbers, eulogised the charter, and advised the working classes to inquire and think for themselves. Mr. Duncan Mackenzie, slater, asked Mr. Harney what he meant by asserting that there was not an honest representative for Scotland in Parliament cheers , Mr. Harney said that none of them supported the charter continued laughter . Mr. Rennie, solicitor, said that the Chartist agitators spoke of the distress of the working classes, yet they went about, wringing pence from their scanty earnings, to sup port themselves iu idleness. Mr. David Monro, merchant, then stood forward, and at some lenght exposed the utter fullacy and mis-state ments of the Chartist orator. With respect to the manu facturing labourer, although it was undeniable that dis tress prevailed in certain districts, it was merely local, and was caused chiefly by tho operation of the corn-iaws, which excluded aur goods from the foreign markets. Mr. Julian Harney and his coadjutors bad been most strenuous in opposing the repeal or modification of these laws. They affected to sympathise with what They called tho starving classes, and yet made use of every influence they possessed to defeat oil at tempts to obtaiu cheap food. This was what he would designate as the blackest compound of impudence and treachery. But, was this treacherous conduct without a motive? No! these men knew well that had this reiiel been afforded, their power to do mischief would have ceased, they could no longer have found a sufficient pre tence for fleecing tho labourer of his earnings, to support their baneful, yet to them gainful, craft of political agita tion-so much for their regard for the working classes I The remedy proposed by Mr. Harney would not euro the distress which does exist for if brought to the test of ex perience, as respects the conduct of those electors ol the particular class to which Mr. Harney wishes to extend the franchise, it would be found that their conduct in the use of that franchise had not generally been such as to warrant the experiment of extending it at present to any greater number of the body. As to the constituency of the Scottish burghs, although the circumstance of our having none of the old leaven of the pot-walloping sys tem amongst us, had enabled us to return almost alto gether a liberal representation, yet it is well known that it was amongst the poorer class of voters in these burghs that the full influence of our opponents was employed with most success. In England, the effects of this were still more apparent. There, the retention of the old cor rupt freemen has had the effect of swamping the inde pendent portion of the constituencies aud the con sequence has been that this liberal and reforming government has, as regards the English representation, been left in a minority. It is, therefore, plain that, before a stronger infusion of this class of voters can be safely admitted to the franchise, more knowledge must progress amongst them. Let them acquire this, and habits of providence and order, and then such a change may be proper and safe. Mr. Harney deprecated war and bloodshed j yet he himself had ad vised the ignorant labourers of England to provide them selves with pikes and pistols, and to use them against un offending men, for the enforcement of abstract rights. He had been the coadjutor of the infatuated Frost and his treasonable associates, who, at Newport, led on the deluded labourers to be butchered. Many a widow and orphan had to lament that husbands and fathers had been led, some to death and many to gaol, by this man and his co-conspirators. Did not Mr. Harney him self, at a mceiing held before going to the conven tion, say, that he would not return till he got the charter the law of tho land, or his plaid dyed in his heart's blood! Were these the words of truth and soberness, or were they not rather like the ravings of a maniac. Mr. Harney would find little sympathy with his views among the Scottish labourers they were men of a far superior class to the ignorant and besotted pea sants and coal-miners of Northumberland, among whom his influence lay. The Scottish labourer was famed over the civilised world for habits of order, industry, and honesty he ranked high, if not highest, in the scale of intelligence. Such men would net allow themselves to be misled by social incendiaries like Mr. Harney the enemies and rcvileri of all that has hitherto been held sacred among men. Mr. Monroe then said, that they should not conclude without coming to some practical result, and he, therefore, proposed the following reso lution - That the Chartist leaders, having advocated riot and disorder, and incited the working classes to trea son and rebellion, have thereby proved themselves to be the enemies of that and every other class of society, and have mainly contributed to put a stop to the gradual pro gress of sale and rational reform. Mr. Rennie, solicitor, said he had much pleasure in seconding the motion great confusion Thereafter a running fire was kept up by question and answer, shout, and laughter. At one time we were afraid of an open battle. Mr. Harney having attempted to misrepresent a certain statement, an individual present styled him a convicted liar, upon which Mr. Harney rejoined ou are a d-d liar. After some confusion, Henry Bubrei., an operative mason from the south, proposed a counter motion to the effect that the meeting approve of Mr. Harney's princi ples, and have confidence in him. George Bain seconded this amendment, amidst cries of Well dono, Geordy. It was proposed by the chair man that the vote should be taken by the parties going to opposite sides ef the room. It was then evident that the motion was carried by a large majority. Another scene of confusion having ensued, the police-officers entered, and the orderly portion of those present withdrew. It is impossible to convey an adequate idea of the meeting, but our readers may have some conception of it from the above report. It is but right to say that the chairman behaved with great propriety. Next morn ing Mr. Julian Harney left town to proceed to Forres. THE WEATHER-THE PARKS. The weather since Wednesday evening has undergone manv changes. At six o'clock the thermometer stood at 30 degrees, two degrees below freezing point but by seven o'clock a light sleet began falling, and about nine o'clock a heavy fall of rain, snow, and sleet mingled toge ther commenced, accompanied with a strong westerly wind, wtiich continued till an early hour yesterday morn ing. From nine o'clock until a late hour the streets of the metropolis, and more particularly the roads round town, were rendered most dangerous by the rain freezing immediately on its reaching the earth, which made the pathways like a sheet of ice. About midnight, however, the thermometer having reached 89 degrees, a rapid thaw commenced, and at six o'clock yesterday the mercury stood at 40 degrees, the rain still continuing. Soon after eight o'clock theclouds broke and eventually cleared away, and during the remainder of the day the sun shone forth brilliantly. At noon the thermometer stood as high as 46 degrees, but towards the afternoon the wind shifted to the north-west, and as the evening advanced it again began te freeze, tbe thermometer having, at six o'clock, fellcn down to freezing point. The Sirpentine.-The ice much under water, and, towaids the middle of the day, very dangerous. At twelve o'clock most of the icemen were withdrawn, yet numerous persons still ventured to skate. No accident occurred. Kensington Gardens On the Round Pond there was a very fair attendance of skaters, the ice, notwith standing the thaw, being secure. There were not so many on the Long Water, and no accidents occurred. St. James's Park-The ice was very unsafe, and no persons ventured upon it. Regent's Park.-The ice very slippery and dangerous. There was, however, a numerous attendance of skaters, amongst whom were the Duke of Brunswick, and his secretary, and several members of the Skating Club. No accidents occurred. The River -Thera was a general break-up of the ice on the river, and the navigation of the shipping, steamers and craft received very little interruption, and a number of vessels of every description arrived and departed in the course of the day. Several coasters and colliers which were kept out of the pool by the ice, also came up the afternoon by the tide, which brought up a consi-The CATASTROPHE at FRANU S-STREET CHA PEL-CORONER'S INQUESTS. FROM THR FREEMAN' JOURNAL. . Yesterday an inquest was held at tli Coomb Hospital, belore James M'Carthy, E q., ons ol the county coroners touching the death of Gillies Claxton, the wile of a shoe maker livmg at New-otreet, and one of there who had been unlortonately killed on the 1 morning of Christmas Day, at the above house of worship. The first witness examined waa John Brady, a lubonrer, who deposed as fol lows -I live at 27, Bride-street. I was not in Francis-streetcbipel on Christman morning. I saw that straight-edged piece of deal board, now produced in the chapel-yard, where they kept the Umber and all the scantling materials. I did not see that straight edge since the week belore Christmas. It was myself broke it that week as it is now. It was in a heap of sticks or wood of the same kind which I was removing. It fell ont ef the parcel. I did not mind it at tho time, but trod on and broke it across, hut not allcgelher it was cracked and partly hanging asunder I threw it back and left it standing op amongst tbe lumber, After I had cracked it, and about the middle of the week before Curistinas Day,the short fragments of it were on the scaffolding of the chapel in ass with a stene mason. I knaw notbinir about tbe longer portion of It. I never saw it after it bad been broken in the yard until now. I was sweeping to the left of the large door leading into the chapel on Tuesday last. I then saw no timber, but two pieces ef architrave moulding, which had been ripped off the dour each piece wss frum seven to eight feet long. I did not see them since. In sweeping out the chapel on the day I mentioned I saw no other piece ol wood whatever. None such could have been in Ihe place without my noticing it. I left the pieces of the architrave behind me inside. That, as I have already said, was near theentrauce door leading in from Francis-street. Christopher BollBrd examined I live at 28, Plunket-street. I am a shoemaker. Was in tbe chapel on Christinas morning. I entered it at about a quarter to six o'clock. Remained there quiet, but crushed, for about twenty mi nutes. Mass wss then celebrating. Just as lbs first gospel was over a man made an alarm. lie was close to my shoulder. I never saw him before, but I think I would know him again if I saw bim. He was crushing and tulking at the time. He made no alarm or noise till I heard a crack, seem ingly of a slick disjointing. It was ever in a corner near a side door. In about a second there wus another crack that seemed loader than the first. Said man then roared oat that the gallery was falling. He desired the congrega tion to look np, that it was splitting. He then rushed forward as stroDgly as he coold to get ont at the door. The people began to rush that moment to try and get out also. All then joined cryiog cat the same, that the gallery was laJling. f held the man for a time by the skirt of the coat, more to aid me in getting oat than to de tain him, but in the struggle of getting out I was separated from him. He got out. He wore a brown surtout coat. I wus under the gallery where the ularm was made. We got out at a side door fronting Francis-street. All that I saw went ont at tbe same door. The noise or crack I supposed wus about three yards from me. The place was so crowded before I beard the noise that J was sometimes raised off my teet tor a minute or so. 1 beard the stranger sometimes say he was so desperately crashed that it he was outside be would wait for ihe next mass. Before the noise he was quite uneasy, and went from one side to tbe other, getting nearer to the door. First witness Tjat was nst on tbe same side of the chapel where I left the pieces of wood. Ballard The man who gave tho alarm was shout five feet ton inches in height. He was a thin person. I could not say of what complexion. Ho appeared to u . a countryman ot shunt 25 or 2B years old. I am q site sure that tbe noise of the crack camo from the ground-floor, not from the gal lery. He did not make much aiarm on tbe first crack, but on the second be screamed out. When I got out I saw several persons down. There was sufficient room going iu from Franeis-street to the chapel. That morning you could scarcely get in without almost fighting yonr way through, the crowds were so great. There was sufficient passage to the chapel from Franeis-street, if there was proper light, for twelve or fourteen person to move hick and forwards at the same time. I only saw one boy dead. He was lying outside on a large stone upon which he had been raised. I returned into the chapel immediately utter. Tbe first noise was like that of the cracking of a light stick. The second noise seemed louder than the first, as if a stick were disjointing. There was about a second between the two cracks. The lath or straight edge now produced I had in my hand that morning. A woman gave it to me out of the corner where I heard the noise. I do not know the woman, but she taid to me, here is the stick, Mr. Ballard, which was broken this morning, and which caused all the alarm and confusion. I speak in reference to the long piece. 1 did not see the short piece, bat observed where part of the long one had been broken off. I left the stick alter against one of the porches in the middle of tbe chapel. 1 am per fectly convinced I eould eweur that the noise proceeded from the ground-floor over in the corner. I was standing in tbe lower end ol the chapel, close to the wail, the hoy who waa killed being only between me and it. An inspector of police stated that he found a similar straightedge, but unbroken, in a place used by tbe workmen in the yard. Rose Bollard examined I am the wife of the last wit ness. I went at tbe same time with my husband to Francis-street Chapel, on Christmas morning, i was at the left hand side of the chapel going in from Plunket street, under the gallery. I observed a lath or stick like that now shown uader the gallery, np in the corner. I was close to it. I did not see it broken, but 1 heard tho crack. I think it was from that stick the noise proceeded. Tnere were two men crashed by the crowd up against it, and it was broken in consequence. This was before any noise took place. 1 said What is that? a woman suid to me never mind-it is that piece of stick that was broken. It was not at that corner tbe alarm was raised, it was at the other tide, at the Franeis-street door. Oae of the men I mention was leaning against tbe stick with hie shoulders. These men were in the same place when 1 first entered the chapel. It was the crowd thst, as these two men were standing at tbe spot, pushed them ugaiust the stick. All tbe time I was there tbe men were close lo it. When I heard the first ery out they were there. They did not go away until after the first alarm bud been given. It was not either of them that gave the al irm. I did not go from where I was, as a man bid me not to stir that there wus no fear of me. One voice first said that the gallery was falling, and thou all joined in the cry. I heard tbe two cracks. 1 do not think that bath came from the same quarter. Tho first seemed to proceed from tbe stick near which I was standing. I think that tbe second crack came from towards Fraocis-stroet door, but I was so frightened I could not tell exactly whore it came from. 1 saw a man bolding up that piece ef a board in his hand I think,and telling the people not to be alarmed there was no fear that it was that piece ol wood tbit hull been broken. I did not know that man who held it up. He was standing under the gallery. The chapel wus pretty clear of people at tbe time. John Woolley was examined, but his testimony was of no importance whatever. Patrick K -lly examined I live at 47, Bride-street. On Tuesday evening I was sent for to set some bricks and a flag in the chapel. 1 sent out a man for a straight-.-dgo. He bronght me the piece of wood the iurgest portion of tbe straight edge now produced. The short pieee I thick is the same I hud used before on the tower ot the chapel. Rose Bollard Tbe stick I saw in the corner reached higher than the men's shoulders That should have been longer than both the pieces of wood produced put together. Edward Sherwoud examined 1 am clerk of Francis-street Chapel. I was very particular on Christmas eve to have tbe chapel cleared of everything that might at all in convenience the people. In order to give as much light as possible, 1 bud three , ge lamps lighted oue of them bad three burners. I was in the sanctuary, and,on hearing the noise, I thought it wus one ot thi broken, hut I found it wss not. I am LA W NOTICES-Thi Day. bankruptcy court, basinghall-street, Before Mr. Commlislonir Fux.iANqiri. William Collls, ofllunmow, draper, al twelve laet examination-Thomas William Horder, of Fenchurdi-street, chemlit, at ona i examination-Charles Hobert Harrli, ef Percy-atreet, carver ana glider, at two last examination. Before Mr, Commtuloner Mkkivalb. John Stone Smalltield, of Newgate xtrett, bookieller, at twelve choice of assignees. Before Mr. Commissioner Fans. Charles Baker Harmau, of Stoney Stratford, innkeeper, t twelve last examination-Wild and Williams, of Walworth, linen-draperi, at one last examination. Before Mr. Commissioner Evans. Phillips and Phillips, of Regeul-itreel, lamp manufacturers, I eleven laatexamination. Before Mr. Commissioner Holroyd. George Wilkin, of Frith-street, tailor, at eleven last examination, SECONDARIES' COURT, BASINGHALL-8TREET-At twelve. Howard v Brown-Larkin and Another v 8ewell-Emmott v Sewell-Ratcllffe, Whyman, and another ? Jackson-Sharland ana another v Plggott. INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, PORTUGAL.STREET, Sit at ten. Seventeen Ball Cases. . Adjourned Hbaring.-James Thomas Welsh-Joseph John Fawcett. Original Unopposrd.-William Smith-Jonathan Collingburn -Charles Hunt-Robert Nesbit Kell-Richard Lock. Original Unopposed.-George Holland-Abrahain Honnor-Charles Paris Poole. SHERIFFS' COURT-Thursday. Before Mr. Ifnrt.v.Sberiff Burcbell ami a Common Jury. Stanley v. zibukiewicz. I'i this case Mr. Miller appeared as counsel for the plain tiff, a printer, residing iu Craren-boildlnga, Strand aod Mr. Innis attended on behall of tbe R v. J r. Zieukicwicz, who is a Roman Catholic clergyraan aud a Polish refugee. The aetion was brought to recaver the sum of £19 odd for printing several nnuibtrs of a work culled The Hist-try of Poland, aud the defendant had paid £2 Is. into court, and pleaded payment as to the remainder. Mr. Miller stated thut the defendant determined in tbe be-ciimiug of this year to write a history of P-tlaDd, which he employed the plaintiff to priot, and which was to be brought out in weekly numbers at three-pence each, or in monthly shilling parts. The defendant pro posed bringiog out the work by means of shares, and in the list of shareholders that he hud printed were the names of the Itev. Dr. T. Griffith, Bishop of London district his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, M. Guizot, the Hon. Mr. Stafford Jerningknm, John Wrieht, Esq , the banker, kc. The printing of the numbers, it was agreed, should be done for £2 Ins. per week, and tba plaintiff was to take two shares ot £1 each in the work. After the publication, how-ever, of the first monthly part, the plaintitf found that he could not go on upon these terms, and it was then arranged between bin. and Dr. Zieukicwicz, that lie should be puid in lull for the future priming, although bis name should con tinue among t'ue list ol shareholders, lest the withdrawal ot it should have au unfavourable tendency in the di-posal ot the work. The plaintiff likewise printed some fancy wrappers for the defendant, aud had made some consi derable correc tions in the history, at tbe doctor's request, which items amounted in the whole to tbe sum claimed. A composito., named Ball, Is the plaijtitf's employ, proved the work done, and said that be hear! the defendant promise, cn his con-cience, to pav the plaintiff's demand in as short a time as passible. Dr. Zieuklewicz complained of not being able to get in the money for the Hist part of the History ol Poland until the second part wan iu the hands of the book-oiler.. Cross-examined The receipts produced bereth plaintiff's signature 'attached to them io his own handwriting. Other witnesses proved admissions ot tha ' .-Cendant of his liability. Mr. Innis put in tbe receipts identified by Ball, which acknowledged cash payments to the einsont of £9 19s., shares £13 12s., and 10s. tor advertisements, which, he con tended, more than covered the plaintiff's demand. The doctor, however, valued his reputation more than bis life, and as be was excessively tenacious ot his character he Mr. Innis had paid £2 la. into court, in ths hope that it would put an end ta tbe litigation, although the plaintiff was not entitled to a fartbiog. He should prove thut the defendant received a stipend of only £26 per year from tbe Polish Association, and that be had been no.iced, by ihe solicitations of several friends and the plaintiff, to write a bi.tory of Poland, the expenses being undertaken to be paid by those who advised him to commence the work. He Mr. Innis held in his hand some rules und regulations for tbs guidance of the shareholders, and the plaintiff'had sub scribed bis name te it but unless he Mr. Innis received permission to pit it in, he could not do so, as tho defendant wus not in circumstances to have it stamped. The Uu ier-Sherift'observed, that the attorney knew as wsll as himself that he had no power to receive anything that wus aot strictly evidence. Joseph Ostrowski, the editor nf the History of Poland, ud Mr. John Charles Fitzgerald, who described bimselt as a teacher of languages and occasional contributor ts the press, were examined for he defence, hut in the absence of the rules, or deed of partnership, as it was called, of the shareholders, th ir testimony was unavailing. Mr. Innis sabmiited that the plaintiff, as one of tfau partners iu the work, coaid not sue his co-partner, tbe defendant. The Under-Sheriff said that the defendant hud given no evidence of a partnership having existed. Dr. Hionkiewlcz begged the conrt would let him say a few words. The Under-Sheriff said he hod no power to do so he must appeal to the plaintiff's counsel. Mr. Miller observed that he merely appeared as the mouthpiece of his client, aad he could not yield a privilege to tbedsfendunt which would not under any circumstances be conceded to a native of this couutry, and which would in all probability lead lo a contradiction of the witnesses' statements that had been made under the solemn obligations of au oath. The Under-Sheriff' having eutnmed op, the jury without hesitation returned a verdict for the plaintiff- Damages £15 17s. In answer ta th eampl.iflt.th. defendant . rea son why he refused to part with . P , ., Don b s ren e canse the complainants were in his iaced amonating to in guineas. The cmmphiinanta had phicea their model in bis room for several ,i. nbS?c he tioos appeared to be made for the ' Vhimsel from conceived It was proper tottkesteiH toseenreb inrom The complainants wished te esnj off ft loss. of the model, and to leave nothing . npriuit block-a proceeding which of course he won dalav had The complainant denied tbet any UDnec f. 8 ft i. u j 8B ,on to taken place on their part in giving the t hey had tbi very interesting exhibition. The fact J rcMon to believe the defendant wa in league wit parties to exhibit the real cheese, anil this was tne eon why he would not part with the model. Mr. Millerdeuied thoaocaracj of this gtatemen Mr. Long remarked that the rage for sight-seeing in Ball was proverbial bat, with all our national iu such matters, he doubted whether public uuiiibility c be sufficiently excited to make the exhibition of tue model of a cheese a profitable matter. Had it been t cheese itself there might have been something to say io 1 vour of the proceeding. F • It was ultimately arrranged that on payment or nve guineas, the complaints might be at liberty to remove their model. . Out-door Rblikp.-Four young girls were chargeu with annoying the overseers oi St. iiles's, Bloomsoury. Mr. Dix, the relieving officer, said the defendant had been ofl'ered work, but they refused to do it, and as they veere exceedingly annoying to the ovt-rseers they had beea brought here to answer for their miscouduct. The girls, who agreed in tbe earn story, said they were willing to work it any emplo raent wus offered them ut which they could procare subsistance. Tbo parish had seat them to pick oakum, and this wus the only out door reliet they would give. ... Mr. Dix said, if the girls chose to be industrious, tley could earn eight-pence aud evvo us much as a shilling day at the work. , , The girls declared this was totally impossible. They baa tried the work, bat the most they couid earn was a p nuy or three baltpi-nce. Jf the parish would oblige thuin to continue to pick oakum they would be obliged to sp jrid tbe few pence they might earn in food, aad walk the streets during the night. , ... Mr. Dix said he would add food to their wages, it they ■Ju to 'J r t to 38 to looodto loo looo to 10 POLICE INTELLIGENCE-Th u rsda y . MANSION-HOUSE. Several complain!. Lave been lately ma-le to the Lord Mayor, relative to the want of water'in Southfield in the cattle pens. Communications have been received at the Mansion-house by letter and personally on the subject. They have stated tbat when cattle arrive at Smitbffeld after a long Journey, there is not a drop ot water to be loood tor them althouijh they evidently Shffer from extreme thirst, and it has been suggested tbat troughs be placed in different parts of tbe market, with water for the use ef the poor uoiinals. The Lord Mayor and Alderman Wilson referred the matter of complaint to Deputy flicks, the chairmnn of the markets' committee, whose improvements in Smitbffeld have entitled him totha thanks of the community. In all proba bility that iiOHtleman would immediately see tte evil, if It existed, remedied. A gentleman, who stated that he waited upon his lordship at tha request of the drovers, to represent ihe fact ttat the cattle which travelled up to market were in such a deplor able condition from thirst that tbe blood oozed out of their hoofs, said that io lact the whole animal economy was ef fectually destroyed by the want of water. A collecting clerk In the house ef Messrs. Woedbridize, brewer , waa on Wednesday eharged before Alderman Wil son wi-h having been so drunk on the preceding right as to drive bis horse und gig furiously on the wrong side ot the road, to intrude violently upon tbe quietude ofa cab staud, and at length to make choice of the pavement for tryieg tbe pluck of a very spirited horse. . _ George Want, a bricklayer, stated that od Tuesday night tbe glas.-es that had he saw the horse or cart, or gig, driving furiously along the im quite sure that I j Minories, upon tho wroDg side of the street. There were left no moulding or any stick at all loose in the chapel at j two gentlemen iu the gig' both of them appeared to be very eleven o'clock the night before. I was n.'ar the corner of drunk. The horse, in passing a cab staud, twirled about a the chapel of which the woman spoke, bat I saw no stick cub, and then bore down upou a man who was dragging a there. It might possibly have been there without my seeing truck, but who luckily, upon being called to, tnrned short it. I heard but one crack when th alarm was given. .1 j out ot the way. The horse then took the pavement, aod heard fire I cried eut, and no second crack. That which ! began to cut capers there but a policeman, to whom wit-I did hear must have bean very load, as it reached from tbe i ness represen ed tbat if he did not iDterferemischieimust be lower extremity of the building to where I was kneeling in j done, Si iz -d the reins and prevented it. the sanctuary, being tbe full extent of the ebapei, from seventy to eighty teet long. 1 asked tbe girl who cleaned out the chapel the night before, whether she had seen any sticks or wood in the place, aud sbe told me she bad not. Where 1 saw the people crushed aud falling was at the loot of the steps outside, as if they had been descending them. This dosed tbe examination of the witnesses. The Coroner, in ebargiog the jury, said that at all events it did not appear from the evidence that there wus anything Policeman No. 511, described the condition ef the gen tleman who drove, or pretended to drive, as very closely bordering upon the last stage el drunkenness. Witness took care of tbe cash box which was in the gig, and which contained, as be understood, a considerable sum of money, and was spoken to alterwards very uncourtrously by one ot the gentlemen of tbe establishment, on account ol his in terference, it being tbe opinion ol these at tbe brewery, tbat it tbe deleudant bad been let ah-ne he would have driven to ot a religious or party spirit connected with the deplorable j his destination safely. The alarm to him appeared rather to have A gentleman from the brewhoase said that the defendant derablc quantity of drifting ice, which appeared very soft, and offered very little obstruction to the pasasge of ships and barges. At low water there were vast masses of ice icebergs on both shores, a good deal of which was taken up by tbe flowing tide, aud dissolved. The change of tho weather happened very opportunely, for the na vigation of the river was almost entirely suspended on Tuesday. i . -We regret to observe that the murrain has been progressing northward with rapid strides and it has during the last week developed itself extensively in the Highland counties, one gentleman in the neighbourhood of Tain having had 146 head of cattle affected by it in rapid succession. It has also extended itself over the western counties, and is far from being unknown in our own immediate neighbourhood. Here, however, the type is unusually tnind.and we hate not heard of a single beast that has died, wherein the cause ef death may not be at tributed to some previous malady which predisposed the animal to murrain, and did not leave it strength to resist the inflammation which accompanies it. The disease io this quarter has not, on an average of many cases, affected the animal more than four days, and then it takes readily to such soft food as can be used from the tender state of the mouth and tongue. When once quit of the disease, we arc not aware that it returns again to th same ani mal. in very few cases in Scotland have we heard of pigs or sheep being affected by the malady but we ob serve that io Yorkshire the disease has extended to aii kinds of stock, including horses, sheep, pigs, and even the poor shepherds' dogs. Fortunately, we cannot yet complain of any such extended infection in Scotland, where hitherto the dread of the disease has boen wersc than the reality. Veterinary authorities are not yet agreed as to whether the disease is propagated by contagion or atmospheric in-lluence,-Glatyow Mail. occurrence been excited own nefarions purposes. Several of tbe nrors expressed themselves as entertain j ing a similar opinion. Alter a tew minutes' consultation, the jary returned the following verdict We find that the said Gillies Claxton ! was killed at I'rancis-street chapel on ihe morning of the 25th instant, or Cbristmas-day, by u number of persons j rushing ont of said chapel, and crushing her person and! that this rushing, and tbe consequences tbat fallowed, were ! caused by a person or persons unknown, but whether through excitement or alaim from nervousness, owiog to bis or tbeir situation at tbe time,or from a teiouious inleot,we cannot say The Coroner then adjourned to the coonty ol Meath hos pital, and there proceeded to hold inquests touching tbe death of James Colligun, and of Eleanor Ssvage, who had come byrt.neir deaths at the same time and place, aud under the like melancholy circumstances. The evidence wus similar to that adduced in tbe preced ing case, und a verdict substantially tbe same as the fore going was looud by tbe jary In eacb case. Catherine Smith, tho poor womua who bad sustai ed la-jury of tbs brain, continues in tbe hospital in an tteriy hopeless state. Tbe other patien s are going on o fiby Fatal Accident.-Between teu and eleven o'clock yesterday morning the following dreadful acci dent occurred -A gentleman named Bartlett, whore-sided at Coombe-lodge, Regent's-park, left his residence in a gig, accompanied by his sister-in-law, a lady ol the name of Richards. On emerging from the gate leading into the main road through the park, a man who was passiog at the time, with a basket of live ducks on his head, in endeavouring to uvoid the horse aod gig, stum-bled, and threw the basket down before the horse. It is supposed that the noise and fluttering of the ducks fright ened the animal, which suddenly reared upon his hind legs. Miss Richards was thrown backwards out of the gig, and her spine was severely injured, und the whole of her front teeth and gums forced out. Mr. Bartlett was thrown partly over the back of the gig, and in his tfforts to recover'himself he fell over the side of the vehicle, with bit head between the spokes of the wheel at the moment that the norxe started off. The groom, who the instant More baa left the horse's head, attempted to restrain the animal, but before he could accomplish this t.ie head of the unfortunate gentleman had become entangled in the wheel, and when the horse was stopped Mr. Bartlett was found to be lifeless, Ids neck having been broken. Rustic Credulity.-a few days ago an honest farmer's wife, in the neighbourhood of Biggar was waited upon by a gipsy fortune-teller or spaewife, who offered to lift the curtain of futurity, and give her a peep of what was in store for her for a mere trifle. Aft r showing off some of her cantrips, and making the unsuspecting house wife believe that she, like Glendower, had the gift of calling spirits from the vasty deep, she prevailed upon her to part with a pound note, in the conviction that in u quarter of an hour by her auld timmer clock, a braw horned cow would come routin' to the door! This being done, the second part of the drama opened with exit spaewife, aad Mis. Look-for-Crumbie solus. It is hardly necessary to state that the cow did not make her appearance to add to thedramtia persona.-Scottman. by some pickpockets merely to serve tbeir bail been in the employment of Messrs. Woodbridge and Co. tor six years, und a mare steady man conld not be found. Nrver belure had there been a shadow of complaint against him, anJ he was highly esteemed. He is, said the gen-tleuiun, four days in tho week in the habit of bringing in sums oi money, sometimes £300 or £400 at a time, end if be is exposed to this sortol interruption aud annoyance, the inconvenience will be very great. Alderman Wilson Aud ss yon would have tha police allow him to gallop over people und smash every thing be fore him to suit his convenience. The gentleman said he understood that the horse, which was u very spirited one, became rather unmanageable tor a short time, but tbat no deubt it tbe policeman had not inter fered all would have been right. A person, who staled tbat he was In the gig at the time with the deleudant, said he did not perceive that tbe delendant was drui k and the gig was not going fast ut all. The policeman and other witnesses declared that tbe gig was going at tbe rate of eleven or twelve miles an hour, and that the person who sat with the delendant was most decidediy drunk arid wholly incapable of rendering assist ance. The policeman slated, tbat il it,hud not been tor tbe property in tbe cash-box hu would have taken the gig to tbe green-y .rJ.J There were insinuations thrown eut against him at the brewery as to the security of the praperty,aud he considered hiinsvlt very ill used. Alderman Wilson was also of pinion that the policeman was extremely ill used. What would Mr. Woodbridge say if the horse bad dashed the gig to pieces and the cash-box had been lost, not te mention otber mischief that might have been dene if the policeman had not interfered? In his Al deruian Wilson's opinion the establishment were much in debted te the policeman for his activity aud care, and, in stead ofa reproach, the man deserved some recompense. Tbe gentleman said tbat be should mention the alderman's suggestion to the honsi# Alderman Wilson trusted that the defendant would drink less inbiitravclsinfatnre,amt lined him 10s.for being drunk. The alderman subsequently observed that he knew it was very bard for persens employed as tbe delendant was to go through tbeir laborious day's business without showing that they bud very bigb opinions of the urtiele they vended by submitting tothesivere tint of tasting deeply, but be really thought it would be prudent iu tbeir employers ta give them a bint not to raise tbeir elbows so very often even in •• boxing time. Tbe poiheiaan who acted upou this occasion was stated hy bis inspector to be u very steady aud trustworthy man, and Alderman Wilson remembered the man iu bis mayoralty to bear and to des.-rve that character. MARLBO ROUGH-STREET. The Queen's Cheese.-Mr. Miller, of tbe Egyptiam-hall, wus suxiiBonrd belore Mr. Long by two persons named 1'sge und Cotton, for detaining ihe uicdet of a cheese in tended as a present to iivr Majesty. It may be nveestary, in elucidation of tbe natnre of the case, to mention that some loyal person have clubbed a day's milk of theircows for tbe purpose of manufacturing an enormous cbeeie, to be presented to her Majesty. The complainants stated they had aiad a model ot this cheese, und with the view ol exhibiting it they contracted with the defendant for the use of a room in tbe Egyptian-ball, at so much per monih. The defendant, however, had kept tbe roam locked, and as he refused to part with the key, they were nnable to open the exhibition to the public. When applied to, tbe deieodant refused to give up the model. could not pick oakum sufficient to keep them Mr. Loog told the girl they must do the best they could at the work ofl'ered them by tbe paritli and then discharged liters. THAMES-POLICE. A big Irishman, named Hugh Murray, was charged with kicking Denhis Murphy, bis countryman. The par ties are ballast getters, and Murphy has lately join, d a tem perance society, which gave ofLnce to the prisoner, who is very partial to whiskey undiluted. On Saturday last after drinking more than a proper allowance ol bis favourite liquor, he met Dennis Murpuy at Ratcliff cross, and be gan ta abuse him, telling him that after drinkiag mere gin and beer than any otber Irishman iu England, be left eff, because he could Lot drink any more, and joined a temperance society. After this abuse bad continued for some time, Murray made isms fonl allu ions to a bad leg, with which Murphy had been long afflicted, and kicked him violently on the leg which was bandaged. H then followed bim, and pat bis fist before his face, and swore tbat hut for the laws he wonld smash him, und make biin pat bi bead in bis mouth, as St, Patrick is reported to have done when ha cro-sed the Lift-y, Murray, in defence, said ho bad done nothing at all, and that Murpby was envious of bim because be drank whiskey , and refused to joiu the Temperance Society. Murphy called him many ugly names, which were not fit ta be men tinned,and then struck bim on the check. Murpby swore that he sever struck Murray at ull, add called two witnesses, who confirmed bis statement. Murray here put his hand to the side of bis bead, above his right ear, and said he received a blow there, which took the seHses out of him for three quarters of an hour. Mr. Broderip You have a very bad memory. Five minutes ago you put your hand us your left cheek, and said you bad been struck there and now you put your Laud on tbe top of your huad. 1 don't believe be has struck you at all, and I have no doubt whatever you kicked him on his bail leg, whioh was a very cowardly and brutal act. You will pay a fine of 4Us. and tbe costs lor this assault, or go to prisoo for one month. MARYLEBOXE. Robbery at tub Marchioness Cornwallis's.-A middie-4ged woman, who gave her name Ann Brown, was placed at the bar,charged with having stolen a vaiuuble shawl and a bible from the residence of the Marchioness Cornwallis, No. 12, Park-cresceor, Regent's-park. Edward Suffell, in the employ of Mr. Daniels, a pawo-broker, living within a few yards of this court, deposed that the prisoner entered the shop und off ered for pledge a shawl, upon which she asked tcH shilling-. Witness, perceiving that the article was a valuable one, examined it closely, ami found marked upon it ths name Lady Elizabeth Cornwal lis. He thea questioned her as to how h became pos sessed ot it, when she stated that it had been given to her by a member ot the Cornwallis family, all of whom were then oat of town and in reply to further inquiries, she said that she resided at 79, East-street, and was a respectable woman. He accompanied her to tbe said bouse, when, find ing tbat she was not the occupier of any apartments tuereiu, he gave her into custody. She repeatedly begged of him not to do so, and uilcged that such a proceeding would atteriy rnia her. Mr. Rawlioson What is the value of the shawl?-Wit ness F.orn £8 to £10. Sarah Wade, bous-maid to tbe Marchioness Cornwallis, stated that the family quitted London iu October last, and that the prisoner was engaged to remain behind with her wimrss , and assist her, for which site was paid at the rat of 11s. 61. per week. On tbe previous night she had 10s. given her, acd went out for tho purpose of muki g some purchases, bat sbe did aot return, and wituets ascertaiued soon alter her departure that a drawer up stairs, b.longing to one of the young ludiee, hud beea forced open. Harriet Moleswortb, the ladies' ruuid, deposed tbat the shawl produced had li eu placed in the drawer in question, und was tbe property of the Lady E.izsbetb Cornwallis. J.evett, 13 D, proved that tbe prisoner, when at the station-house, gave up a key. Ha repaired to the mar-cbioness's residence, and on examining a cupboard in the servants'hall, tbe uoor of which the suiJ key opened, he found in it a pocket-book, containing a number of pawn broker's duplicates, one of which was lor a bible pledged at Mr. Baylis's, Mortimer-street, Cavendish-sqaare. Toe bible from which the label indicating ta whom it be longed had been torn, and which was discovered with tbe duplicates in tbe prisonei's pocket-book was brought for ward by Mr. Baylis's shopman, and sworn to by tbe lady's maid, as belonging to Lady Elizabeth Cornwallis. Tbe prisoner, who had nothing more to say than tbat she never forced a Jock in her litis, was tally committed to New gate fur trial. CORONERS' INQUESTS. Yesterday evening an inquest was held at Guy's Hospital, belore Mr. l'ayoe, coroner, on the body oi Sarah Terry, the -ears of age, who died in the above hospital. The jury huving viewed the body, which presented a shocking spectacle, Mary Ann Terry, the mother of the deceased,deposed that on MoD'lay evening last, about five o'clock, she went down stairs into the parlour, leaving the deceased und two other childr u,a boy of three years ol age and a girl seven years old. She bad scarcely got down stairs when xhe heard vio lent screams, and on going up stairs found the deceased ea-veloped in flames. She took up n rag and extioguisbrd them. Witness said sbe understood that the eldest girl had taken the lighled candle out ol the candlestick, and put it to the bettuin of the frock of the deceased, it is supposed with a view of frightening the child. The child's lather, who was examined, but who knew noihiog ol the transaction, wus cautioned by the coroner to keep a strict watch on the child who had apparently been the cause of the accident. The jury then returned a verdict of Accidental death. By the Coroner Nothing was tv bacco boxes, and his sapper was duty was to watch the craft at Ba i r foand his face was towards the and his staff was partly ont of 1 , signs sf violence. Thomas Nichoils, son of the I r. pos d that he raw the deceased turday morning, when he appea '. an talking to Mr. Winter's private Vd . foggy during tIt 'Bigot and laornu ling for watching every loaded b v . Barclay's whnri. Witness tboug i . over ihe barges in ex cation ef hi Verdict- Found drowned SPORTING INTEJ I TATTERSALL'S- V-. The attendance wm unuaually thin, v require no other return than is contaiBe j ., U offer. - DERBY. 4 lo l agst Mr. W. Scott'n lot ofl . s 14 t 0 - Lord Bruce's Rosalie c taken to d. 110 is to I - Mr. irevllle'a Pa a n on tasen to 15 to 1 - Lord Westminster's Marshal Sonlt t 20 ton 1 - Mr. Rawlinson's Coionation offers to lay j - Colonel Peel's Caineleon taken to I - Duke of Rutland's Sir Hans roffers to take Lord Stradbrake's lot taken Captain Gardnor'aerpool from Ostend, Sarah Ann from l!m t Sultan front Altea, and Minerva from Lisbon. ENTERED OUTWARDS FOR LOADIN'O. The Allda for Ostend, Heiress for Gibraltar, Sussex for Bom ns, Countess of Dunmore for Sydney, and Adele for Calais. CLEARED OUTWARDS WITH CARGO. The City of Londonderry for Havre, Adele for Calais, MariaEila. bell for Schevenlng, Caroline for Calcutta, Dorothea for Mviiina. C LEARED OUTWARDS IN BA LLAST. The Medemblick for Medembllck. No. 22 iso. MAILS. Due. Dublin 3 . Waterford I . Drogheda 0 , Guernsey and Jersey... I , France i . Flai.derr. I Hamburg ...... ... 0 . . 1 Holland .••• Lisbon Malta ••.. Gibraltar.... West Indies . Leeward Island 1 Halifax -Arr Uu . v j .. i b . At the termination ef the above iiqaest an inqolry wa commenced by Mr. Payne relative to tbe death of Robert William Loader, aged twenty-five, one of the F re Brigade Establishment, attached to tbe Watliog-street alation, who came by bis death io csntequence ot the severe inj.ries he hud sustained hy the falling of a wall during the fire at Messrs. Goodbart aad Co.'s, sugar bakers, Rutclitfe-highway, on Saturday morning last. From tbe testimony of several of the fire brigade mei it appeared that the accident occurred by the falling ol a por tion ofa wall abont forty or fifty teet in height, which baried the uulortuuute deceased in its ruins up to the chest. The evidence ol the house-sergeon went to show that the deceased had sustained a compound fracture of both banes, of his right leg, a severe contusion of his left leg, aBd seve ral burns on his left leg and right arm. It wa9 deemed necessary, immediately alter bis admission to the hospital, to amputate the fractured leg, which wasdoen by Mr. Key, the surgeon. He Went on as favourably as coold be expected considering the injuries he had received, until yesterday im ruing, when he expired. The Coroner here said, that, as there was no evidence before the jury to show tbe cause of the fire, tbe Inquest mast be adjourned to ascertain it, if possible and, in the meantime, ordered a pott-mortem examination of the body, and tbe inquest was accordingly adjourned until Monday evening uexc. Mortality among the Convicts at Woolwich. -An epidemic has bren lor some time past raging among the convicts employed in the Royal Arsenal und govern ment dock-yard at Woolwich, und has in several instances terminated fatally. A circumstance occurred iu Woolwich on Tuesday last, whieh excited au extraordinary degrte of interest in the town and the neighbourhood, namely, the coroner lor the district, C. J. Carttar, Esq., holding an in quest en the bodies ol no less than seven convicts at one tune. The inquiry iu question took place at the Salutation public-house, opposite to the entrance to the Royal Arsenal. Tne jury after being swern proceeded with the coroner to view the bodien, which were Ijiug in the dead-house ol the Arsenal. The whole seven were lying side by side most of ihem were young men,aud tbe bodies were not at all emaciated. On the breast of ona was a recently drawn blister, be buviDg been for some time past labouring under a disease of the chest. The only evidence adduced be fore the jury was that of the medical practi tioners engaged to attend the convicts, Mr. Hope or New Charlton, aud Mr. Bu.-y, of Woolwich' who stated that their deaths arose train purely natural cause . Souieof them had been ill sevtral times befure and had been confined iu the hospital of tbe garrison. The ma jority were ufl-rted with an affection of the chest, accomna. nied by slight fever. r Iu answer to questions by the jury, the medical gentlemen said the deceased convicts bud not suffered from the effects ol the weather, us in the winter tLey were furnished with warm Guernsey froeks, at least those who were accustomed to wear flannel nor was there any lack of food. When the caimcta were 'll every attention was paid them, and wine when necessary wss supplied to them. Oue of the jury asked if there was any other evidence aiuiiable, but was answered in the negative, theconviets not being allowed to give any testimony on any occasion. A verdict of Death Irom fever waa then returned. Yesterday, Mr. Carter held arfinquest at the George, Bank-side, on the body ot Thomas Motberscli, aged 46, a private watchman,ut Baukside, who was touud drowned. William Poole 33 M division of police, deposed'that abont six o'clock on Saturday morning he saw tbe body of tbe de ceased in the mud off Bat-.kride, nearly opposite the Anchor paulic-bouse, when he, with another policeman named Henry Hart, having procured a ladder and a shatter, got down on the shore und picked np the body, whieh they de posited io the skittle-ground ot the G.orge pablic-honse. From the appearance of the body it seemed to bare been in the water several hours. It was low water at the time. Witno-son txaminiug his person rtcognised the deceased who was formerly a police-sergeant of the M divisioB, and' had been ub .ut three months in his present employment as private watchman. 3 EAST INDIA SHIPPING. • ARRIVAL . The Governor, from the Cape of Geod Hope, otf Crookhavfr., bound to Cork, aalled the 18th Oct. Clyde, from Bauv.a. F -mouth, Mild Itith August, St. Helena 22d Oct. Alexander Jcfci ■tone, from Bengal, In the Channel, sailed 24th July, and St. 18th October. ARRIVALS AT VALPARAISO. J'heMary Anne, uih Aug., from Sydney Caprlcho,it, trem dfcton. DEPARTURES PROM VALPARAISO. The Henry, tith 8ept., for Sydney Morley, 8th, for NewZra.ini and Sydney. ARRIVALS AT MADEIRA. The Prince Albert, 28th Nov., trom London and Falmouth, la.ln !d Dec. for the Cape of Good Hope and the Maurltiua, LIol, gL Dec., from Newcaatle, and sailed tor Bombay. DEPARTURE FROM LISBON. The Sea Horse teamer,22d December, for Van DicUkn'i Lar.i ARRIVAL AT TOMBBZ. The Sir A. Hammond whaler, 24th Auguit, out twenty-ft months, with 5U0 barrels of oil had loat the matter and t.vt ot v .t crew. LIVERPOOL, Dec. 31. SNIPS ARRIVED. The Ann from 8t. Petersburg, Balfour from Pernambuco ar.d Puralba, Jane Geary from Smyrna, Caroline from Seville, Dtverci-i from Quebec, and Orion from Gamla Carleby. SHIPS ENTERED VOR LOADING. The Ann and Jane for Kerbice, Nicolai for Bremen, Bririm Constantinople, Ltrd Panmure and Rapidc for Havannah, IriihLui for Monte Video and Buenes Ayres, Rob Roy for Philadelphia, Bo I-var for Kio Janeiro, Jane for bt. Thomas's, and Samaritan for IV-itantlnopleand Odessa. SHIPS CLEARED OUTWARDS. The Oriental steamer for Malta and Alexandria, Prompt for Chard-ton, Belvidere for Baltimore, and Helen Jane for Batavia and a! • gapore. snips sailed. The Oriental steamer for Malta and Alexandria, and Jamvi Lyon for Newtoundland. -The Devereaux, arrived at this port from Quebec, on the 27t!- oi November, In lat. 46, long. 44, experienced a heavy gale, ill iost bulwarks, c , and on the d of December, in lat. 46, long. 42, the Pleiades, of Whitby, timber laden, abandoned. The Balfour, arrived at this port from Pernambuco and Par is, after being on shore on Mud Wharf, was got off without spirit damage. M schooner Is aground on the West Hoyle, near tbe Point of Air. Off Holyhead,yesterday,outwardb und, the Caledonia forBorat ?. LONDON MARKETS-Thursday. CORN AVERAGES. Weekly Average.-Wheat 60s Id, Barley 32s 4d, Oati2iaVJ, 33s 5d, Beans 40s 9d, and Peas 40 Id. Six Weeks' Average.-Wheat 59s I0d, Barley 32s 9d,Oati2 • Rye 34s 4d, Beans 42s Id, and Peas 41s 6d. Duty.-Wheat 27s bd, Barley I3sl0d, Oats 15s 3d, R e l? 1 Beans 6s 6d, and Peas 3s Od. HAY MARKETS. Whitechapel.- 1 There was a tair supply of Hay at thii imirrJrg market, and a steady demand was experienced, more particu.v for the middling descriptions, at about former prices. Clover, tw from jf5 to d6, middling and Inferior £ to jfc4 15s, Meadow H f. tine, from £ to £h interior and middling £'6 5s to £i 1T• d f r load. There was a fair supply of Straw, but the demand being br.r the whole was soon cleared ott at 32s to 34s per load. Portman.-Old Meadow Hay 75 to 100s, Useful ditto o-i M 70s, Old Clover 100s to I lbs, Wheat Straw 36s to 40 , at per Iol 36 trusies. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, Dec. 31. Our market utlll remains in a rather quiet state, without a '■■■ ■ cations of reduced prices, on the contrary, holders were steady. previous rates were obtained for 3,500 bags. i w Vote of a Piece of Plute to the Chair' ' oi the Bi.ackkuiaks BRinni Committee.-The beraof the Blackfriars-bridge committee have deter®' 1 ™ lo set the public an example of what ought to ha'r i 1,c ■ l done long ago, by presenting Mr. Prior, the indcfalip 1 1 chairman of the committee, with a piece of plate, ccr-memorative of his exertions to make such improves '-c ,, and repairs iu the structure ns to place it among',! tee most useful and elegant of modem metropolitan ed . eev The following is the resolution to which the comroittw came by acclamation at a iate meeting - ' -unanimously, That it be recommended that the of this committee should subscribe the sum of fifty f c - 1 for u piece of plate, to be presented ta Jonathan CWW Prior, Esq , chairman, as a testimonial of the senseof tne committee of his great services during the executiw c the important works for the substantial repair of B. -' friars-bridge. We are requested to state, that that fashionable pu • dteal, Blurkuuoil's tally's Magazine. Is about to be o! ' r the u.w year, with aUUitton.l therms and a. thi. t. the , P the public are ieeklng for the he t and cheapest nonet a th. proprietor of the Lady's Blackirood' Magutin. o '-o.j and Literature are determined to tike the lead, and P ' Jl ,• whose page, will be replete with vigour and taste, calculat'd , rich the female mind, and to blend treaaur.a of liiforan ll ''-, , amusement. The embellishment, are to be of th. b' '• 2 ea..Hence, uid each number will contain from three to r ur 1 . of the heweat Furl.Ian F.. iton.- a line eteel emrrae n. 01 ' Scenery No I, of ihee.riea , and nearly IS royal Svo. -' letter.pie.., Th. lubicrlptlon is Vs. monlltly, and th. .' ' plied by all booXteller In town aud country. . Puinck Alberts Skates-Ki zmauricc West, cut®' No. l.St. James's-street, has forwarded to Windsor, by com® 3 v' • his Royal Highness Prince Albert, a very elegant pair t f soles of which are formed of the finest foreign wood, and thetf' 'V ingsand straps of black leather, beautitully sown aod lintl ' seal skin far. Patronized by their Majesties the King and Qu' 1 ' 3 j Hanovar, and their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Angus® Sophia, her Serene Highness the Princess Esterhazy, the Mary and Rosa, her Grace tha Dowager Ductnas ot and their Graces the Archbishop of Canterbury and tbel Devonshire and Manchester. In addition to the atoW d jn-tlngulshed patronage to the newly-invented Spectacle I.eiit r ' visible Operative Voice Conductor, the Messrs. S. and W 0 . - C k ' opticians and aurlsts, 39, Albemarle street, Piccadilly, r, l ■ ' ■ -WilU im-strcet, Bank of England, feel great pleasure to state valuable Inventions have also gained the sanction and uuqo' probation of above four hundred ot tl e principal rlt,tr r ' D yb the medical protesaion as also of numerous Indivld'jal 0 j BI distinction, who have been greatly beoetited by their a . mediately these Improved Spectacle Lenses are placed wf0 tremely Imperfect vision, It Is at once bronght back and original stats. Their Voles Conductor, Is not the pa ' ble, nor more uncomfortable than having a piece of wool In j 1 and the faintest whisper at a public assembly is heard . , n ,i distinctness.-39, Albemarle street, opposite the York 76. King William-Street, Bank.-No connection with same name. BIRTH9. -efa On Sunday, the 27th ult., the wife of the Hon. H, T 5 ' ,4! ' ' ■° n . of On the 31st ult., at Claphatn park, Mrs. Stephen KfS-daughter. ' F. BOMBAY direct, under tae Hon- East India Company to ra.i j Sfan-sailing snip LADY PfcVKKSHAM . • jmander, lyn in the West India Uc, . 7 pa #enf rs ai l carries an esi-er.e n ,. , 1 •sageapplf to R. R rry. E-i- New cJity-cJ 'de and Co., Sun-court, or w. Cor' 1 OH .MADRAS and CALCIJ the 20th January, the rr, fr built hiF I J. Rfdwan. Com' '- X M' -• U-t. K.zpni-.tirot, stilus, i MAG NET I' p -rtab!e llr .?vnv 1 ha r . t -t o' t J ,,-, V t
[OCR_aligned] 4-ijr THE MORNING CHRONICLE, FRIDAY, JANUARY 1. JtAlLW.IV FROM LON DOR TO CAM@ BRIDGE, NORWICH, AND YARMOUTH. A meeting was held on Wednesday, at the Hast India and Colonial Club rooms, in Suffolk-street, l'all-mall, for tbe purpose of considering the propriety of establishing@@ @Milway to@joiu the Northern and Eastern Railway, at Itishop's Stortford, to Norwich and Yarmouth, by Cam@ bridge, Newmarket, aud Thetford. The meeting, which was both numerous and highly respectable, wus attended by tho Marquess of Douro, M. V,, W. L. W. Chute, K q@@ M. P-, Benjamin Smith, Esq., M. P., Mr. Alderman l arcbrother, Isaac Jcrmy, Esq., Recorder of Norwich, Samuel Bignold, Ksq., Edward Varnish. Ksq., General Blachford, Major Head, Captain Kerr, Richard Broun, Ksq., George Robinson, Esq., William Taylor, Esq , W. J. Taylor, Ksq., James V. Smith, Esq., Thomas Hamtnoud, Ksq. Yarmouth . J. 1.. Cufaude, Ksq. Yarmouth @, .1. Harman, Ksq., chairman of the Brighton Railway, - M'Lean, Esq., William Drake, Esq@ East Dereham j, Mr, Mann t Nor erich', William Clark, Ksq. Thetford , Chistopher Span-@ton, Ksq. Attleborough , Richard Lloyd, Ksq., A. A. H. Beck@with, Ksq. governor of the Corporation ol Guardians of Norwich , William Andrews, Ksq., Hyde Clarke, Ksq , William 1-axton, Ksq., James Sowerby, Ksq., Joseph Parkes, F.sq., W. M. Kitton, Ksq., of Norwich, with nu@ merous other influential gen.lemen. styled the Norfolk, Suffolk, and .Cambridge Railway Company. Mr. Bigrold rejoiced to learn from the report ef their taieuted engineer that the contemplated line of railway would not interfere at all with the purks@or estates ef pri@ vate gentlemen, and he hoped that circumstance would conciliate man? in their favour. He alluded to that statement in the icnort more particularly, because a very intelligent and influential gentleman, who he believed was honoured and respected by all who knew him Mr. Richard Gurney , had expressed, through the press, his hostility to railways, because they cut through and de@ stroyed valuable estates, but when that gentleman ascer-t,.iiied that Mr. Rastrick's line would commit no such in@ jury, he Mr. Bignold I hoped that his extensive and pow@ erful influence would be exerted in favour of an un@ dertaking that could not fail to prove highly beneficial to his follow-citizens cheers , Mr. Rastr@kk wished to state that there was oue nobleman s park affected by the line, namely, Lord Bray-@brooke's, but the act obtained by the Northern and Eastern Counties Railway Company would obviate all difficulty in that respect. Ii.xai Jermv, Esq., recorder of Norwich, and chair@ man ol the county quarter sessions, rose to move the next resolution, in doing so he observed that a meeting had been advertised to be held at Norwich next Tnurr-d iy. To the requisition calling that meeting were the names of a great number of men of property and in W. L. W. Chute, Esq. M.P. was called to the chair, j j uen ce, and that meeting had been called for the pur-The Marquess of I ouko, in moving the first reso u ioD, pose ot considering, not what particular line should be served that some people objectedI to railways alogetner, u j optc d but wbM wns be8t t0 bc done without regard s.i . . . l. ,1 ... .l . .. jm ..t ..Awtrikntn mttnn fn this mi n_ ' bser . . . , and thought that they did not contribute much to the pub@ lie contonicnce but even those persons would agree that a railway to Norwich was necessary when they were made aware ef the fact, that those places which had an easy and quick communication with London by means of rail@ road had an advantage of which Norwich and Yarmouth had hitherto been deprived, and which proved highly in@ jurious to the commerce and agriculture of those popu@ lous and important towns hear, hear , Tho resolu@ tion was ax follows@@ That this meeting is impressed with a strong conviction, that unless the county ol Norfolk, city of Norwich, and tow as of Cambridge, Newmarket, Thetford, and Great Yarmouth, by the immediate construction of a railway to the metropolis, arc placed upon an equality with other parts of the kingdom, where railroad, are completed, and an progress, the great agricultural and commereial in@ terests of this important@district must materially suffer in the race of competition. Samuel Bignold, Esq. of Norwich , seconded the resolution. He felt that the railway was necessary for the welfare of the city of Norwich, which stood parti@ cularly in need of the benefits of u railway communica@ tion with the metropolis hear, hear . He had lately-had an opportunity of communicating with the leading manufacturers In Norwich, and there was an universal complaint that the manufacturing interest was sutfer-@jug greatly in consequence of not having the advan@ tage of a railway. The merchants and traders of London could visit York and return to London almost in the lime they could now merely go to Norwich. He was therefore prepjrcd to support to the utmost the formation of a railway to Norwich, but he would not lend that sup@ port to any project which he was not fully satisfied was aet on foot for the public good. If he eould for a moment suppose there was any political object, or any other object Jo this project than the promotion of public interests and the welfare ol his fellow citizens, he would immediately retire from it hear. hear . Two years ago there was a talk of u railway to Norwich, but there was then an unwillingness on the part of the citizens of Norwich to put down their numes for shares, because they were ap@ prehensive that the project would terminate like the Eastern Counties affair-that the railway would be com@ pleted for about thirty or forty miles from London, and Norwich left iu the lurch. He himself stated at the time, that if they would commence the work at Norwich he would take shares to the amount of J ,000 . He was pre@ pared to say the same again and if it could be shown to tne citizens of Norwich that there was a bvnafid@ inten@ tion of connecting Norwich with the metropolis, people of all sbudes of political opinion would come forward and support it hear, hear . He highly approved of the line now contemplated, and would support it by taking shares, although it would not be in his power, being a commercial man, to take any active part in the management. Mr. Bignold concluded amidst great applause, by seconding the lirst resolution, which was carried unanimously. B. ri.'iiTH, Esq., M. P. for Norwich, proposed the second resolution, and expressed his opinion that the line pro@ posed by Mr. Rastrisk, the engineer, was a good line. Indeed, he did not scruple to say that he had always been of opinion that a line in the direction of Cambridge would be the cheapest und most preferable. The resolution was os follows - That this meeting are of opinion that a line of railway proceeding from @armouth to Bishop's Stortford. by way of Norwich, Wymondham, Attle@ borough, Thetford, Newmarket,@and Cambridge, will afford advantages for carrying out the objects proposed, and may apparently be completed at a reasonable cost, end secure a considerable traffic, with a prospect of in@ crease, by the junction of railways from the north at Cambridge, and by the completion of branches from Lin@ colnshire, Huntingdonshire, Bury St. Edmund's, and other parts of Suffolk, and all parts of the important dis@ tricts of the Bedford Level the towns ot Lynn, Swaff-ham, Kakenham, and Dereham, and all the western parts of Norfolk. Thomas Hammond, Esq., a magistrate of Yarmouth, .and chairman of the Fishing Merchants' Club, seconded the resolution. He was happy to say that in the town of Yarmouth all party feeling with regard to this matter was completely buried in oblivion. Every one must feel the importance of a railway not only to Yarmouth and Norwich, but to the whole count@y hear, hear, , ear @and he was authorised to state on behalf of the trading and fishing interests in the town of Yarmouth that they would lend their utmost endeaveurs to carry the measure into full effect cheers . He agreed with Mr. Bignold that the work should be commenced simultaneously at each end, because Norwich and Yar@ mouth had been thrown in the background by th@ con@ duct of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. He understood that tbe members for Yarmouth were out of town, otherwise, he had ascertained, they would have attended this meeting but he could state for the inform@ a@tion of tho gentlemen present, that a few weeks ago he had a long conversation with them upon the subject of a line of railroad to Yarmouth, aud they both pledged them@ selves to use their utmost endeavours to have it carried into operation cheers . Mr. Rastru k then read the following extracts from an able and elaborate Report, which he had prepared -@TNc line proceeds from Bishop's Stortford to Cam@ bridge@ thence to Newmarket, Mildcnhall, Thetford, At@ tleborough, Wymondam, and Norwich to Yarmouth. •• In carrying out the line, but little difficulty will be experienced in getting through Parliament as to the part between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, iuasmuch as all questions with the landowners have been settled in the act obtained by the Northern and Eastern Company, but subsequently abandoned by them for want of funds. The geological character of nearly the entire line is the .chalk formation, furnishing materials of the most fa@ vourable description, both for cuttings and embankments, and the road, when once made. n a ' be maintained at the minimum expense. , . . The most expensive part o. the line is between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, an@@@@u time required for its completion would be about three years. - This part of the line has, however, extensive a. v n ' tages. forming as it does the key to all railroads to the metropolis coming in this direction from the north, as well as from Norwich and all other parts of Norfolk, Lincoln@ shire, Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, Suffolk, and some portion of the county of Middlesex, thereby insuring a good dividend to the shareholders upon that portion of tbe capital expended in forming it. The obtaining the proprietorship of this part of the line is therefore most important. No tuDnei will be required from Cambridge to Yar@ mouth, a distance of nearly eighty miles, and there arc no extraordinary deep cuttings nor embankments, and only-one viaduct, and no deep ravines or rapid rivers to cross, whilst the materials arc of such an excellent quality of cuttings that they may be cut upright, and a large por@ tion of the land is of so inferior a quality that its pur@ chase will form an iuconsiderable item in the expenditure, and the line does not pass through or interfere with any gentleman's park or pleasure grounds, nor in any way passes iu an objectiouabic manner through any town. .. i lC . whole line will form an easy and expeditious means of communication from, to, and between Cam-@bridge, Newmarket, the ffwaffhams, Eordham, Soham. Mildcnhall, Thetford, Brandon, Harliog, the Bucken-@hams, Kennioghall, Attleborough, Hingham, Wymond@ ham ' Norwich, und Yarmouth, affording facilities for branches Irom Ware, Hertford, Huntingdon, St. Neots, Ely ij ur y gt. Edmund's, Downturn, Swaffham, Dere@ ham@ Lvnn, aud thence to Wisbech, Stamford, and the whole of the improving and important district of the Great Bedford Level of the Kens and also forming the natural communication between the metropolis and the contemplated new district of the Great Level of the VV ash. ,, yvj, b a these populous cities, towns, und villages, there can b@ no doubt but that the passenger traffic along this line will be immense .und the line between Cambridge and Yuimouth can be made in the short space of two years, whilst that from Bishop@s Stortford will require only one year longer, so that this entire line will be open to tbe public in three years. •• The cost between Cambridge and Norwich is esti@ mated at a less sum per mile than any other railway in tho kingdom of so great AD extent can be made for, this part of iine extending for six'V-threc miles. •• The cost between Norwich and Yarmouth is esti@ mated at a still less sum per mile this part of the line extending over about eighteen miles, and giving the greatest possible facility to the fishing intei . st ' n ® n ' D S off their fish to the metropolis und the intei'. ,or of 'h e couutry, and forming tlic most advantageous and i'.7'f ° r tant station in the kingdom for the northern foreign ma@@ packets@ Mr. Kastiuck also produced an estimate of the expenses of the formation of the line, together with a calculation of the traffic from data carefully collected, showing a profitable return to the shareholders for the capital to be invested. The resolution was put by the Chairman, and carried unanimously. Mr. Beckwith then liauded to the chairman a latter from the sheiitl of Norwich, expressing his decided appro@ bation of Urn meeting, and the proposed line of railway. Mr. Bignold proposed the third resolution, which was seconded by E. Varnish, Esq., aud carried unanimously. It was as follows@-@That John I'rpeth Rastrick, Esq , having produced to this mectiug sections and plans ex-@tending over such line, and having made a report thereon, showing its great advantages and facilities for execution, this meeting are of opinion that a company should be im@ mediately formed for the completion of the same, to be to the interests of solicitors, agents, engineers, or any party whatsoever hear, hear, hear . For him@ self he could couscientiously state that he discountenanced unythiug of the sort, but before they could expect to en@ list the public in their cause, they must satisfy them that they were determined to carry on the undertaking per@ fectly independent of all private interests hear, hear, hear . The best way in which they could manifest such a determination was to tender their co-operation to the meeting about to be heid at Norwich, to afford them every information and explanation in their power, and to unite with them in carrying out the common object. If that meeting desired@a little deviation from the proposed line, the object should be to endeavour to meet their view. So if meetings should be heid in Suffolk or Cambridge, they ought to be met in the same spirit hear, hear . The reso@ lution which had been entrusted to him was as fellows -@That having observed with great satisfaction the an@ nouncement of a meeting of the landowners of Norfolk, for the purpose of supporting a railway, this meeting re@ quests its chairman forthwitn to put himself in communi@ cation with those gentlemen, it being the opinion of this meeting that it is essential for ensuring the success of so great an undertaking that all interests should co-operate in one united effort to obtain its completion. J. Harman, Esq., chairman of the Brighton Rail@ way Company, seconded the resolution. He was in no way connected with the counties ef Norfolk aud Suffolk, but was a London man. He had, however, been engaged in a very large railway undertaking, and having had the plans ami sections of ihe proposed railway to Yarmouth laid before him, und explained by Mr. Rastrick, who had acted with him in carrying out the London and Brighton Railway, he had no hesitation in saying that he fully ap@ proved of the undertaking. At the same time he would state his conviction that if they went before Parliament with any decided opposition they would find it difficult to get parties to@co-opcratc with them and if gentlemen who were locally interested in the promotion of the railway did not also come forward in such a manner us to convince tlie moneyed interest of London und other places that they were earnest in their object. There ought, therefore, to be the greatest co-operation throughout the whole of the line. He could safely say, having looked at the plans and sections, and the estimates of Mr. Rastrick, and hav@ ing devoted some time to his able report, that that gen. ileman had furnished them with an estimate founded on honest principles. Those who embarked in the under@ taking need be under no apprehension of not receiving umple remuneration for their capital and trouble. He should be glad to render ull the assistance in his power in carrying out the undertaking, but he must first of all be persuud'-d that tho gentlemen who had projected it were in earnest, and felt the necessity of a railway. Christopher Stanton, Esq., Attleborough, stated tliut he had received a note from Sir Thomas Beevor, ex@ pressing his approbat@es of the undertaking. He had waited on Lord Albemarle, who had told him that his en@ gagements would prevent his attending the meeting, but that he was ready to assist the measure by all the means in his power, and his lordship hud distinctly authorised him Mr. Spanton to state to the meeting that be was perfectly satisfied the railway would prove advantageous lo his property and the country in general hear, near . A letter had also been put into bis hand by Mr. Cufnude, ol Yarmouth, from the mayor of that borough, approviog the line, and he could assure the meeting that through@ out the district iu which he resided Attleborough the landowners were unanimously in favour of the proposed railway hear, hear . William Clark, Esq. clerk of the peace of Thet@ ford begged leave to state that he had been requested to attend the meeting on the part of Thetford, and to express the concurrence oi the inhabitants of that borough in the measure, and their desire to see it@carried into full operation. He as tho agent of my Lord Ashburton could also state that us tbe line projected by Mr. Rastrick would not inter@ fere prejudicially with his lordship's estate, he Lord Ash@ burton would support it. The intended railway would certainly piss through Lord Ashburton's property us well as his own, but he Mr. Clark would cheerfully submit to anything that was for the good of Thetford and the country in general hear, hear . John Deck, Esq., of Bury, had also written to say that he highly approved of Mr. Rastrick's line, and that the inhabitants of Bury ware anxious to see the main trunk of the railway established, in order that a branch might be carried on to Bury, and that he was convinced th@ Marquess of Bristol, ever anxious to promote the interests of that borough, would give the undettaking his cordial support hear, hear . Mr. Drake stated that he should not have obtruded himself upon the notice of the meeting but for the obser@ vations of Mr. Harman, the chairman of the Brighton railway. Having, however, been in communication with several of the noblemen and gentlemen whose names had been mentioned in the announcement of tho meeting to be held in Norwich, and holding letters from Lord Sondes and others of those parties, containing assurances that they were not pledged to any particular line, he felt it due to the meeting, and particularly to those London capitalists who had honoured the meeting with their sanction and presence, to assure them that the requisitionists of the Norwich meeting would ap@ proach tbe discussion of the subject unfettered, and quite prepared to adopt the most practicable and least expen@ sive line and, indeed, had they been aware of the great sacrifice in expense and labour which had been incurred in maturing and perfecting the able plans, sections, and report, which Mr. Rastrick had this day produced, he Mr. Drake felt assured that these gentlemen would not nave felt any such meeting necessary. Mr. Drake added that he was also entrusted with letters from influential inhabitauts of the important town of Lynn, expressing cordial co-operation in the objects of the meeting, and begging that the extension of the line to that densely populated and wealthy district might not be lost sight of which letters were handed to the chairman. The resolution was then put and carried. Mr. @arnish proposed the fifth resolution@@ That a committee be appointed to arrange the details of the company, and to carry out the views of the meeting, with power to add to their numbers Which was seconded by D. M'Lean, Esq., and carried unanimously. A. A. H. Beckwith, Esq., governor of the corporation of the court of guardians of the city of Norwich, then moved the fallowing vote of thanks to the chairman @@That the thanks uf this meeting are pre-eminently due to the chairman for his kindness in taking the chair, and his marked attention to the important business of the meeting and observed that one advantage that would attend the railway would be the employment of a vast number of poor persons, who were at present in a state of the most abject poverty. He had been informed by several manufacturers that the falling off in the staple trade of Norwich was mainly owing to the defect of com@ munication between Norwich and the metropolis, as com@ pared with the facility of communication between London and the northern counties. It was of vital importance to Norwich that the railway should be completed as soon as possible, and it would prove a great benefit not merely to commerce but to agriculture. R. Lloyd, Esq , sec ended the vote of thanks, which was carried amidst great applause. The Chairman returned thanks, and observed that he had felt great pleasure iu attending the meeting. As one of the representatives of the county, he considered it to he his bounden duty to do all he could to benefit it. and he thought ho could not benefit it more than by assisting in the accomplishment of that great measure they had met to carry out hear, hear . He thought be might now congratulate the county on the fair pros@ pect ol attaining that desirable object, and the county of Norfolk would no longer be the only county that was not blessed with the advantage of a railway commu@ nication. Great unanimity had prevailed at that meet@ ing, and he hoped it was an earnest ot the union and good feeling that would exist throughout. If they made a strong pull they must succeed, and it was his opinion, after due consideration, that Mr. Rastrick's line was the one that ought to be adopted, going as it did near Cambridge hear, hear . No agricultural county could possibly raise money enough for the purposes of a line of ihis nature, and therefore they must of course look to London and other places for the principal part of their funds. There was, however, only one way of inducing the monied interest to render assistance, and that was by taking shares themselves. Let every gentleman who wished to sec a railroad to Norwich and Yarmouth established, just calculate upon the advantage he himself would de-@rive from it, say fairly what he would give to see it ac-co mp' i t hed, and then put down his namo for that amount of shares hear, hear . They would then very soon de@ rive assistance from capitalists hear, hear . In conclu@ sion he begged again to return his sincere thanks for the honour they had done him, und would be happy to meet any gentleman who could conveniently attend the meeting to be held next Thursday in Norwich. lo pursuance of the above resolutions a company was immediately formed, and shares to a large amount taken in the room. Rrdditch.-Another of those distressing acci@ dents, so often occurring from the improper use of fire-°° t P' aco here on Wednesday last. A grandson of Mr. Davis, of the Crown Inn, was in the act of shoot@ ing at a small bird, when the fowling piece a very old one buist, and fractured his skull in a shocking manner. @he young man lies in a very precarious state, with but a faint hope of recovery.-Worcester Chronicle. THE CHARTISTS AT INVERNESS. FROM AS INVERNESS PAPER. Handbills were issued on Monday, announcing that Mr. Juliau Harney, from London, ex-member for Northumber@ land, to the quondam so called National Convention, would address the inhabitants of Inverness, showing the necessity for an inquiry into the condition of the working classes, at eight o'clock in the evening. Admis@ sion two pence, to defray expenses. The meeting was held in a room in Raining Stairs. Shortly after the time announced, Mr. Julian Harney, a young man, wrapped in a plaid, entered the room, and mounted on a tabic. Mr. Muclcnnan, watchmaker, was appointed chairman. Mr. Harney's speech consisted of the stale and hack-@neyed topics which form the staple of Chartist harangues Ho represented the working classes as in a state border@ ing upon starvation. The hand-loom weavers of Cum@ berland had only sixpence per day. Mr. H. then said there was not an honest representative for Scotland. He stigmatised the clergy as robbers, eulogised the charter, and advised the working classes to inquire and think for themselves. Mr. Duncan Mackenzie, slater, asked Mr. Harney what he meant by asserting that there was not an honest representative for Scotland in Parliament cheers , Mr. Harney said that none of them supported the charter continued laughter . Mr. Rennie, solicitor, said that the Chartist agitators spoke of the distress of the working classes, yet they went about, wringing pence from their scanty earnings, to sup@ port themselves iu idleness. Mr. David Monro, merchant, then stood forward, and at some lenght exposed the utter fullacy and mis-state@ ments of the Chartist orator. With respect to the manu@ facturing labourer, although it was undeniable that dis@ tress prevailed in certain districts, it was merely local, and was caused chiefly by tho operation of the corn-iaws, which excluded aur goods from the foreign markets. Mr. Julian Harney and his coadjutors bad been most strenuous in opposing the repeal or modification of these laws. They affected to sympathise with what They called tho starving classes, and yet made use of every influence they possessed to defeat oil at@ tempts to obtaiu cheap food. This was what he would designate as the blackest compound of impudence and treachery. But, was this treacherous conduct without a motive? No! these men knew well that had this reiiel been afforded, their power to do mischief would have ceased, they could no longer have found a sufficient pre@ tence for fleecing tho labourer of his earnings, to support their baneful, yet to them gainful, craft of political agita@ tion-so much for their regard for the working classes I The remedy proposed by Mr. Harney would not euro the distress which does exist for if brought to the test of ex@ perience, as respects the conduct of those electors ol the particular class to which Mr. Harney wishes to extend the franchise, it would be found that their conduct in the use of that franchise had not generally been such as to warrant the experiment of extending it at present to any greater number of the body. As to the constituency of the Scottish burghs, although the circumstance of our having none of the old leaven of the pot-walloping sys@ tem amongst us, had enabled us to return almost alto@ gether a liberal representation, yet it is well known that it was amongst the poorer class of voters in these burghs that the full influence of our opponents was employed with most success. In England, the effects of this were still more apparent. There, the retention of the old cor@ rupt freemen has had the effect of swamping the inde@ pendent portion of the constituencies aud the con@ sequence has been that this liberal and reforming government has, as regards the English representation, been left in a minority. It is, therefore, plain that, before a stronger infusion of this class of voters can be safely admitted to the franchise, more knowledge must progress amongst them. Let them acquire this, and habits of providence and order, and then such a change may be proper and safe. Mr. Harney deprecated war and bloodshed j yet he himself had ad@ vised the ignorant labourers of England to provide them@ selves with pikes and pistols, and to use them against un@ offending men, for the enforcement of abstract rights. He had been the coadjutor of the infatuated Frost and his treasonable associates, who, at Newport, led on the deluded labourers to be butchered. Many a widow and orphan had to lament that husbands and fathers had been led, some to death and many to gaol, by this man and his co-conspirators. Did not Mr. Harney him@ self, at a mceiing held before going to the conven@ tion, say, that he would not return till he got the charter the law of tho land, or his plaid dyed in his heart's blood! Were these the words of truth and soberness, or were they not rather like the ravings of a maniac. Mr. Harney would find little sympathy with his views among the Scottish labourers they were men of a far superior class to the ignorant and besotted pea@ sants and coal-miners of Northumberland, among whom his influence lay. The Scottish labourer was famed over the civilised world for habits of order, industry, and honesty he ranked high, if not highest, in the scale of intelligence. Such men would net allow themselves to be misled by social incendiaries like Mr. Harney the enemies and rcvileri of all that has hitherto been held sacred among men. Mr. Monroe then said, that they should not conclude without coming to some practical result, and he, therefore, proposed the following reso@ lution - That the Chartist leaders, having advocated riot and disorder, and incited the working classes to trea@ son and rebellion, have thereby proved themselves to be the enemies of that and every other class of society, and have mainly contributed to put a stop to the gradual pro@ gress of sale and rational reform. Mr. Rennie, solicitor, said he had much pleasure in seconding the motion great confusion@@ Thereafter a running fire was kept up by question and answer, shout, and laughter. At one time we were afraid of an open battle. Mr. Harney having attempted to misrepresent a certain statement, an individual present styled him a convicted liar, upon which Mr. Harney rejoined @ou are a d-d liar. After some confusion, Henry Bubrei., an operative mason from the south, proposed a counter motion to the effect that the meeting approve of Mr. Harney's princi@ ples, and have confidence in him. George Bain seconded this amendment, amidst cries of Well dono, Geordy. It was proposed by the chair@ man that the vote should be taken by the parties going to opposite sides ef the room. It was then evident that the motion was carried by a large majority. Another scene of confusion having ensued, the police-officers entered, and the orderly portion of those present withdrew. It is impossible to convey an adequate idea of the meeting, but our readers may have some conception of it from the above report. It is but right to say that the chairman behaved with great propriety. Next morn@ ing Mr. Julian Harney left town to proceed to Forres. THE WEATHER-THE PARKS. The weather since Wednesday evening has undergone manv changes. At six o'clock the thermometer stood at 30 degrees, two degrees below freezing point but by seven o'clock a light sleet began falling, and about nine o'clock a heavy fall of rain, snow, and sleet mingled toge@ ther commenced, accompanied with a strong westerly wind, wtiich continued till an early hour yesterday morn@ ing. From nine o'clock until a late hour the streets of the metropolis, and more particularly the roads round town, were rendered most dangerous by the rain freezing immediately on its reaching the earth, which made the pathways like a sheet of ice. About midnight, however, the thermometer having reached 89 degrees, a rapid thaw commenced, and at six o'clock yesterday the mercury stood at 40 degrees, the rain still continuing. Soon after eight o'clock the@clouds broke and eventually cleared away, and during the remainder of the day the sun shone forth brilliantly. At noon the thermometer stood as high as 46 degrees, but towards the afternoon the wind shifted to the north-west, and as the evening advanced it again began te freeze, tbe thermometer having, at six o'clock, fellcn down to freezing point. The Sirpentine.-The ice much under water, and, towaids the middle of the day, very dangerous. At twelve o'clock most of the icemen were withdrawn, yet numerous persons still ventured to skate. No accident occurred. Kensington Gardens On the Round Pond there was a very fair attendance of skaters, the ice, notwith@ standing the thaw, being secure. There were not so many on the Long Water, and no accidents occurred. St. James's Park-The ice was very unsafe, and no persons ventured upon it. Regent's Park.-The ice very slippery and dangerous. There was, however, a numerous attendance of skaters, amongst whom were the Duke of Brunswick, and his secretary, and several members of the Skating Club. No accidents occurred. The River -Thera was a general break-up of the ice on the river, and the navigation of the shipping, steamers and craft received very little interruption, and a number of vessels of every description arrived and departed in the course of the day. Several coasters and colliers which were kept out of the pool by the ice, also came up@@@ the afternoon by the tide, which brought up a consi-The CATASTROPHE at FRANU S-STREET CHA PEL@-CORONER'S INQUESTS. FROM THR FREEMAN'@ JOURNAL. . Yesterday an inquest was held at tli Coomb@ Hospital, belore James M'Carthy, E q., ons ol the county coroners@ touching the death of Gillies Claxton, the wile of a shoe@ maker liv@mg at New-otreet, and one of there who had been unlortonately killed on the 1 morning of Christmas Day, at the above house of worship. The first witness examined waa John Brady, a lubonrer, who deposed as fol@ lows -I live at 27, Bride-street. I was not in Francis-@street@cbipel on Christman morning. I saw that straight-@edged piece of deal board, now produced in the chapel-@yard, where they kept the @Umber and all the scantling materials. I did not see that straight edge since the week belore Christmas. It was myself broke it that week as it is now. It was in a heap of sticks or wood of the same kind which I was removing. It fell ont ef the parcel. I did not mind it at tho time, but trod on and broke it across, hut not allcgelher it was cracked and partly hanging asunder I threw it back and left it standing op amongst tbe lumber, After I had cracked it, and about the middle of the week before Curistinas Day,@the short fragments of it were on the scaffolding of the chapel in ass with a stene mason. I knaw notbinir about tbe longer portion of It. I never saw it after it bad been broken in the yard until now. I was sweeping to the left of the large door leading into the chapel on Tuesday last. I then saw no timber, but two pieces ef architrave moulding, which had been ripped off the dour each piece wss frum seven to eight feet long. I did not see them since. In sweeping out the chapel on the day I mentioned I saw no other piece ol wood whatever. None such could have been in Ihe place without my noticing it. I left the pieces of the architrave behind me inside. That, as I have already said, was near the@entrauce door leading in from Francis-street. Christopher BollBrd examined I live at 28, Plunket-@street. I am a shoemaker. Was in tbe chapel on Christinas morning. I entered it at about a quarter to six o'clock. Remained there quiet, but crushed, for about twenty mi@ nutes. Mass wss then celebrating. Just as lbs first gospel was over a man made an alarm. lie was close to my shoulder. I never saw him before, but I think I would know him again if I saw bim. He was crushing and tulking at the time. He made no alarm or noise till I heard a crack, seem@ ingly of a slick disjointing. It was ever in a corner near a side door. In about a second there wus another crack that seemed loader than the first. Said man then roared oat that the gallery was falling. He desired the congrega@ tion to look np, that it was splitting. He then rushed forward as stroDgly as he coold to get ont at the door. The people began to rush that moment to try and get out also. All then joined cryiog cat the same, that the gallery was laJling. f held the man for a time by the skirt of the coat, more to aid me in getting oat than to de@ tain him, but in the struggle of getting out I was separated from him. He got out. He wore a brown surtout coat. I wus under the gallery where the ularm was made. We got out at a side door fronting Francis-street. All that I saw went ont at tbe same door. The noise or crack I supposed wus about three yards from me. The place was so crowded before I beard the noise that J was sometimes raised off my teet tor a minute or so. 1 beard the stranger sometimes say he was so desperately crashed that it he was outside be would wait for ihe next mass. Before the noise he was quite uneasy, and went from one side to tbe other, getting nearer to the door. First witness Tjat was nst on tbe same side of the chapel where I left the pieces of wood. Ballard The man who gave tho alarm was shout five feet ton inches in height. He was a thin person. I could not say of what complexion. Ho appeared to u . a countryman ot shunt 25 or 2B years old. I am q site sure that tbe noise of the crack camo from the ground-floor, not from the gal@ lery. He did not make much aiarm on tbe first crack, but on the second be screamed out. When I got out I saw several persons down. There was sufficient room going iu from Franeis-street to the chapel. That morning you could scarcely get in without almost fighting yonr way through, the crowds were so great. There was sufficient passage to the chapel from Franeis-street, if there was proper light, for twelve or fourteen person to move hick and forwards at the same time. I only saw one boy dead. He was lying outside on a large stone upon which he had been raised. I returned into the chapel immediately utter. Tbe first noise was like that of the cracking of a light stick. The second noise seemed louder than the first, as if a stick were disjointing. There was about a second between the two cracks. The lath or straight edge now produced I had in my hand that morning. A woman gave it to @me out of the corner where I heard the noise. I do not know the woman, but she taid to me, here is the stick, Mr. Ballard, which was broken this morning, and which caused all the alarm and confusion. I speak in reference to the long piece. 1 did not see the short piece, bat observed where part of the long one had been broken off. I left the stick alter against one of the porches in the middle of tbe chapel. 1 am per@ fectly convinced I eould eweur that the noise proceeded from the ground-floor over in the corner. I was standing in tbe lower end ol the chapel, close to the wail, the hoy who waa killed being only between me and it. An inspector of police stated that he found a similar straightedge, but unbroken, in a place used by tbe workmen in the yard. Rose Bollard examined I am the wife of the last wit@ ness. I went at tbe same time with my husband to Francis-@street Chapel, on Christmas morning, i was at the left hand side of the chapel going in from Plunket street, under the gallery. I observed a lath or stick like that now shown uader the gallery, np in the corner. I was close to it. I did not see it broken, but 1 heard tho crack. I think it was from that stick the noise proceeded. Tnere were two men crashed by the crowd up against it, and it was broken in consequence. This was before any noise took place. 1 said What is that? a woman suid to me never mind-it is that piece of stick that was broken. It was not at that corner tbe alarm was raised, it was at the other tide, at the Franeis-street door. Oae of the men I mention was leaning against tbe stick with hie shoulders. These men were in the same place when 1 first entered the chapel. It was the crowd thst, as these two men were standing at tbe spot, pushed them ugaiust the stick. All tbe time I was there tbe men were close lo it. When I heard the first ery out they were there. They did not go away until after the first alarm bud been given. It was not either of them that gave the al irm. I did not go from where I was, as a man bid me not to stir that there wus no fear of me. One voice first said that the gallery was falling, and thou all joined in the cry. I heard tbe two cracks. 1 do not think that bath came from the same quarter. Tho first seemed to proceed from tbe stick near which I was standing. I think that tbe second crack came from towards Fraocis-stroet door, but I was so frightened I could not tell exactly whore it came from. 1 saw a man bolding up that piece ef a board in his hand I think,@and telling the people not to be alarmed there was no fear that it was that piece ol wood tbit hull been broken. I did not know that man who held it up. He was standing under the gallery. The chapel wus pretty clear of people at tbe time. John Woolley was examined, but his testimony was of no importance whatever. Patrick K -lly examined I live at 47, Bride-street. On Tuesday evening I was sent for to set some bricks and a flag in the chapel. 1 sent out a man for a straight-.-dgo. He bronght me the piece of wood the iurgest portion of tbe straight edge now produced. The short pieee I thick is the same I hud used before on the tower ot the chapel. Rose Bollard Tbe stick I saw in the corner reached higher than the men's shoulders@ That should have been longer than both the pieces of wood produced put together. Edward Sherwoud examined 1 am clerk of Francis-@street Chapel. I was very particular on Christmas eve to have tbe chapel cleared of everything that might at all in@ convenience the people. In order to give as much light as possible, 1 bud three@ , ge lamps lighted oue of them bad three burners. I was in the sanctuary, and,@on hearing the noise, I thought it wus one ot thi broken, hut I found it wss not. I am LA W NOTICES-Thi Day. bankruptcy court, basinghall-street, Before Mr. Commlislonir Fux.iANqiri. William Collls, ofllunmow, draper, al twelve laet examination-Thomas William Horder, of Fenchurdi-street, chemlit, at ona i examination-Charles Hobert Harrli, ef Percy-atreet, carver ana glider, at two last examination. Before Mr, Commtuloner Mkkivalb. John Stone Smalltield, of Newgate xtrett, bookieller, at twelve choice of assignees. Before Mr. Commissioner Fans. Charles Baker Harmau, of Stoney Stratford, innkeeper, @t twelve last examination-Wild and Williams, of Walworth, linen-draperi, at one last examination. Before Mr. Commissioner Evans. Phillips and Phillips, of Regeul-itreel, lamp manufacturers, @I eleven laat@examination. Before Mr. Commissioner Holroyd. George Wilkin, of Frith-street, tailor, at eleven last examination, SECONDARIES' COURT, BASINGHALL-8TREET-At twelve. Howard v Brown-Larkin and Another v 8ewell-Emmott v Sewell-Ratcllffe, Whyman, and another ? Jackson-Sharland ana another v Plggott. INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, PORTUGAL.STREET, Sit at ten. Seventeen Ball Cases. . Adjourned Hbaring.-James Thomas Welsh-Joseph John Fawcett. Original Unopposrd.-William Smith-Jonathan Collingburn -Charles Hunt-Robert Nesbit Kell-Richard Lock. Original Unopposed.-George Holland-Abrahain Honnor-Charles Paris Poole. SHERIFFS' COURT-Thursday. Before Mr. Ifnrt.v.Sberiff Burcbell ami a Common Jury. Stanley v. zibukiewicz. I'i this case Mr. Miller appeared as counsel for the plain@ tiff, a printer, residing iu Craren-boildlnga, Strand aod Mr. Innis attended on behall of tbe R v. J r. Zieukicwicz, who is a Roman Catholic clergyraan aud a Polish refugee. The aetion was brought to recaver the sum of £19 odd for printing several nnuibtrs of a work culled The Hist-try of Poland, aud the defendant had paid £2 Is. into court, and pleaded payment as to the remainder. Mr. Miller stated thut the defendant determined in tbe be-@ciimiug of this year to write a history of P-tlaDd, which he employed the plaintiff to priot, and which was to be brought out in weekly numbers at three-pence each, or in monthly shilling parts. The defendant pro@ posed bringiog out the work by means of shares, and in the list of shareholders that he hud printed were the names of the Itev. Dr. T. Griffith, Bishop of London district his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, M. Guizot, the Hon. Mr. Stafford Jerningknm, John Wrieht, Esq , the banker, kc. The printing of the numbers, it was agreed, should be done for £2 Ins. per week, and tba plaintiff was to take two shares ot £1 each in the work. After the publication, how-@ever, of the first monthly part, the plaintitf found that he could not go on upon these terms, and it was then arranged between bin. and Dr. Zieukicwicz, that lie should be puid in lull for the future pri@ming, although bis name should con@ tinue among t'ue list ol shareholders, lest the withdrawal ot it should have au unfavourable tendency in the di-posal ot the work. The plaintiff likewise printed some fancy wrappers for the defendant, aud had made some consi derable correc@ tions in the history, at tbe doctor's request, which items amounted in the whole to tbe sum claimed. A composito., named Ball, Is the plaijtitf's employ, proved the work done, and said that be hear! the defendant promise, cn his con-cience, to pav the plaintiff's demand in as short a time as passible. Dr. Zieuklewicz complained of not being able to get in the money for the Hist part of the History ol Poland until the second part wan iu the hands of the book-@oiler.. Cross-examined The receipts produced bere@th@ plaintiff's signature 'attached to them io his own handwriting. Other witnesses proved admissions ot tha ' .-Cendant of his liability. Mr. Innis put in tbe receipts identified by Ball, which acknowledged cash payments to the einsont of £9 19s., shares £13 12s., and 10s. tor advertisements, which, he con@ tended, more than covered the plaintiff's demand. The doctor, however, valued his reputation more than bis life, and as be was excessively tenacious ot his character he Mr. Innis had paid £2 la. into court, in ths hope that it would put an end ta tbe litigation, although the plaintiff was not entitled to a fartbiog. He should prove thut the defendant received a stipend of only £26 per year from tbe Polish Association, and that be had been @no.iced, by ihe solicitations of several friends and the plaintiff, to write a bi.tory of Poland, the expenses being undertaken to be paid by those who advised him to commence the work. He Mr. Innis held in his hand some rules und regulations for tbs guidance of the shareholders, and the plaintiff'had sub@ scribed bis name te it but unless he Mr. Innis received permission to pit it in, he could not do so, as tho defendant wus not in circumstances to have it stamped. The Uu ier-Sherift'observed, that the attorney knew as wsll as himself that he had no power to receive anything that wus aot strictly evidence. Joseph Ostrowski, the editor nf the History of Poland, @ud Mr. John Charles Fitzgerald, who described bimselt as a teacher of languages and occasional contributor ts the press, were examined for @he defence, hut in the absence of the rules, or deed of partnership, as it was called, of the shareholders, th ir testimony was unavailing. Mr. Innis sabmiited that the plaintiff, as one of tfau partners iu the work, coaid not sue his co-partner, tbe defendant. The Under-Sheriff said that the defendant hud given no evidence of a partnership having existed. Dr. Hionkiewlcz begged the conrt would let him say a few words. The Under-Sheriff said he hod no power to do so he must appeal to the plaintiff's counsel. Mr. Miller observed that he merely appeared as the mouthpiece of his client, aad he could not yield a privilege to tbe@dsfendunt which would not under any circumstances be conceded to a native of this couutry, and which would in all probability lead lo a contradiction of the witnesses' statements that had been made under the solemn obligations of au oath. The Under-Sheriff' having eutnmed op, the jury without hesitation returned a verdict for the plaintiff- Damages £15 17s. In answer ta th eampl.iflt.th. defendant . rea son why he refused to part with . P , ., Don b s ren e canse the complainants were in his iaced amonating to @in guineas. The cmmphiinanta had phicea their model in bis room for several ,i. nbS?c he tioos appeared to be made for the ' Vhimsel from conceived It was proper tottke@steiH to@seenreb inrom The complainants wished te esnj off ft loss. of the model, and to leave nothing . npriuit block-a proceeding which of course he won dalav had The complainant@ denied tbet any UDnec f. 8 ft i. u j 8B ,on to taken place on their part in giving the t hey had tbi very interesting exhibition. The fact @@J r@cMon to believe the defendant wa@ in league wit parties to exhibit the real cheese, anil this was tne @e@@@@on why he would not part with the model. Mr. Miller@deuied th@oaocaracj of this gtatemen@@ Mr. Long remarked that the rage for sight-seeing in @@@@@Ball was proverbial bat, with all our national iu such matters, he doubted whether public uuiiibility c@@@@ be sufficiently excited to make the exhibition of t@@@@@ue model of a cheese a profitable matter. Had it been t@@ cheese itself@ there might have been something to say io @@1 vour of the proceeding. F • It was ultimately arrranged that on payment or nve guineas, the complaints might be at liberty to remove their model. . Out-door Rblikp.-Four young girls were chargeu with annoying the overseers oi St. iiles's, Bloomsoury. Mr. Dix, the relieving officer, said the defendant@@ had been ofl'ered work, but they refused to do it, and as they veere exceedingly annoying to the ovt-rseers they had beea brought here to answer for their miscouduct. The girls, who agreed in tbe earn story, said they were willing to work it any emplo raent wus offered them ut which they could procare subsistance. Tbo parish had seat them to pick oakum, and this wus the only out door reliet they would give. ... Mr. Dix said, if the girls chose to be industrious, tley could earn eight-pence aud evvo us much as a shilling@@ day at the work. , , The girls declared this was totally impossible. They baa tried the work, bat the most they couid earn was a p nuy or three baltpi-nce. Jf the parish would oblige thuin to continue to pick oakum they would be obliged to sp jrid tbe few pence they might earn in food, aad walk the streets during the night. , ... Mr. Dix said he would add food to their wages, it they ■Ju to 'J r t to 38 to looodto loo looo to 10 POLICE INTELLIGENCE-Th u rsda y . MANSION-HOUSE. Several complain!. Lave been lately ma-le to the Lord Mayor, relative to the want of water'in Southfield in the cattle pens. Communications have been received at the Mansion-house by letter and personally on the subject. They have stated tbat when cattle arrive at Smitbffeld after a long Journey, there is not a drop ot water to be loood tor them althouijh they evidently Shffer from extreme thirst, and it has been suggested tbat troughs be placed in different parts of tbe market, with water for the use ef the poor uoiinals. The Lord Mayor and Alderman Wilson referred the matter of complaint to Deputy flicks, the chairmnn of the markets' committee, whose improvements in Smitbffeld have entitled him totha thanks of the community. In all proba@ bility that iiOHtleman would immediately see tte evil, if It existed, remedied. A gentleman, who stated that he waited upon his lordship at tha request of the drovers, to represent ihe fact ttat the cattle which travelled up to market were in such a deplor@ able condition from thirst that tbe blood oozed out of their hoofs, said that io lact the whole animal economy was ef@ fectually destroyed by the want of water. A collecting clerk In the house ef Messrs. Woedbridize, brewer , waa on Wednesday eharged before Alderman Wil@ son wi-h having been so drunk on the preceding right as to drive bis horse und gig furiously on the wrong side ot the road, to intrude violently upon tbe quietude of@a cab staud, and at length to make choice of the pavement for tryieg tbe pluck of a very spirited horse. . _ George Want, a bricklayer, stated that od Tuesday night tbe glas.-es that had he saw the horse or cart, or gig, driving furiously along the im quite sure that I j Minories, upon tho wroDg side of the street. There were left no moulding or any stick at all loose in the chapel at j two gentlemen iu the gig' both of them appeared to be very eleven o'clock the night before. I was n.'ar the corner of drunk. The horse, in passing a cab staud, twirled about a the chapel of which the woman spoke, bat I saw no stick cub, and then bore down upou a man who was dragging a there. It might possibly have been there without my seeing truck, but who luckily, upon being called to, tnrned short it. I heard but one crack when th alarm was given. .1 j out ot the way. The horse then took the pavement, aod heard fire I cried eut, and no second crack. That which ! began to cut capers there but a policeman, to whom wit-I did hear must have bean very load, as it reached from tbe i ness represen ed tbat if he did not iDterfere@mischie@imust be lower extremity of the building to where I was kneeling in j done, Si iz -d the reins and prevented it. the sanctuary, being tbe full extent of the ebapei, from seventy to eighty teet long. 1 asked tbe girl who cleaned out the chapel the night before, whether she had seen any sticks or wood in the place, aud sbe told me she bad not. Where 1 saw the people crushed aud falling was at the loot of the steps outside, as if they had been descending them. This @dosed tbe examination of the witnesses. The Coroner, in ebargiog the jury, said that at all events it did not appear from the evidence that there wus any@thing Policeman No. 511, described the condition ef the gen tleman who drove, or pretended to drive, as very closely bordering upon the last stage el drunkenness. Witness took care of tbe cash box which was in the gig, and which contained, as be understood, a considerable sum of money, and was spoken to alterwards very uncourtrously by one ot the gentlemen of tbe establishment, on account ol his in@ terference, it being tbe opinion ol these at tbe brewery, tbat it tbe deleudant bad been let ah-ne he would have driven to ot a religious or party spirit connected with the deplorable j his destination safely. The alarm to him appeared rather to have A gentleman from the brewhoase said that the defendant derablc quantity of drifting ice, which appeared very soft, and offered very little obstruction to the pasasge of ships and barges. At low water there were vast masses of ice icebergs on both shores, a good deal of which was taken up by tbe flowing tide, aud dissolved. The change of tho weather happened very opportunely, for the na@ vigation of the river was almost entirely suspended on Tuesday. i . -We regret to observe that the murrain has been progressing northward with rapid strides and it has during the last week developed itself extensively in the Highland counties, one gentleman in the neighbourhood of Tain having had 146 head of cattle affected by it in rapid succession. It has also extended itself over the western counties, and is far from being unknown in our own immediate neighbourhood. Here, however, the type is unusually tnind@.and we hate not heard of a single beast that has died, wherein the cause ef death may not be at@ tributed to some previous malady which predisposed the animal to murrain, and did not leave it strength to resist the inflammation which accompanies it. The disease io this quarter has not, on an average of many cases, affected the animal more than four days, and then it takes readily to such soft food as can be used from the tender state of the mouth and tongue. When once quit of the disease, we arc not aware that it returns again to th@ same ani@ mal. in very few cases in Scotland have we heard of pigs or sheep being affected by the malady but we ob@ serve that io Yorkshire the disease has extended to aii kinds of stock, including horses, sheep, pigs, and even the poor shepherds' dogs. Fortunately, we cannot yet complain of any such extended infection in Scotland, where hitherto the dread of the disease has boen wersc than the reality. Veterinary authorities are not yet agreed as to whether the disease is propagated by contagion or atmospheric in-lluence,-Glatyow Mail. occurrence been excited own nefarions purposes. Several of tbe @nrors expressed themselves as entertain j ing a similar opinion. Alter a tew minutes' consultation, the jary returned the following verdict @@We find that the said Gillies Claxton ! was killed at I'rancis-street chapel on ihe morning of the 25th instant, or Cbristmas-day, by u number of persons j rushing ont of said chapel, and crushing her person and! that this rushing, and tbe consequences tbat fallowed, were ! caused by a person or persons unknown, but whether through excitement or alaim from nervousness, owiog to bis or tbeir situation at tbe time,@or from a teiouious inleot,@we cannot say@ The Coroner then adjourned to the coonty ol Meath hos@ pital, and there proceeded to hold inquests touching tbe death of James Colligun, and of Eleanor Ssvage, who had come byrt.neir deaths at the same time and place, aud under the like melancholy circumstances. The evidence wus similar to that adduced in tbe preced@ ing case, und a verdict substantially tbe same as the fore@ going was looud by tbe jary In eacb case. Catherine Smith, tho poor womua who bad sustai ed la-@jury of tbs brain, continues in tbe hospital in an @tteriy hopeless state. Tbe other patien s are going on o fiby Fatal Accident.-Between teu and eleven o'clock yesterday morning the following dreadful acci@ dent occurred -A gentleman named Bartlett, who@re-@sided at Coombe-lodge, Regent's-park, left his residence in a gig, accompanied by his sister-in-law, a lady ol the name of Richards. On emerging from the gate leading into the main road through the park, a man who was passiog at the time, with a basket of live ducks on his head, in endeavouring to uvoid the horse aod gig, stum-@bled, and threw the basket down before the horse. It is supposed that the noise and fluttering of the ducks fright@ ened the animal, which suddenly reared upon his hind legs. Miss Richards was thrown backwards out of the gig, and her spine was severely injured, und the whole of her front teeth and gums forced out. Mr. Bartlett was thrown partly over the back of the gig, and in his tfforts to recover'himself he fell over the side of the vehicle, with bit head between the spokes of the wheel at the moment that the norxe started off. The groom, who the instant @@More baa left the horse's head, attempted to restrain the animal, but before he could accomplish this t.ie head of the unfortunate gentleman had become entangled in the wheel, and when the horse was stopped Mr. Bartlett was found to be lifeless, Ids neck having been broken. Rustic Credulity.-a few days ago an honest farmer's wife, in the neighbourhood of Biggar was waited upon by a gipsy fortune-teller or spaewife, who offered to lift the curtain of futurity, and give her a peep of what was in store for her for a mere trifle. Aft r showing off some of her cantrips, and making the unsuspecting house@ wife believe that she, like Glendower, had the gift of calling spirits from the vasty deep, she prevailed upon her to part with a pound note, in the conviction that in u quarter of an hour by her auld timmer clock, a braw horned cow would come routin' to the door! This being done, the second part of the drama opened with exit spaewife, aad Mis. Look-for-Crumbie solus. It is hardly necessary to state that the cow did not make her appearance to add to thedram@tia persona.-Scottman. by some pickpockets merely to serve tbeir bail been in the employment of Messrs. Woodbridge and Co. tor six years, und a mare steady man conld not be found. Nrver belure had there been a shadow of complaint against him, anJ he was highly esteemed. He is, said the gen-@tleuiun, four days in tho week in the habit of bringing in sums oi money, sometimes £300 or £400 at a time, end if be is exposed to this sort@ol interruption aud annoyance, the inconvenience will be very great. Alderman Wilson Aud ss yon would have tha police allow him to gallop over people und smash every thing be@ fore him to suit his convenience. The gentleman said he understood that the horse, which was u very spirited one, became rather unmanageable tor a short time, but tbat no deubt it tbe policeman had not inter@ fered all would have been right. A person, who staled tbat he was In the gig at the time with the deleudant, said he did not perceive that tbe delendant was drui k and the gig was not going fast ut all. The policeman and other witnesses declared that tbe gig was going at tbe rate of eleven or twelve miles an hour, and that the person who sat with the delendant was most decidediy drunk arid wholly incapable of rendering assist@ ance. The policeman slated, tbat il it,hud not been tor tbe property in tbe cash-box hu would have taken the gig to tbe green-y .rJ.J There were insinuations thrown eut against him at the brewery as to the security of the praperty,@aud he considered hiinsvlt very ill used. Alderman Wilson was also of @pinion that the policeman was extremely ill used. What would Mr. Woodbridge say if the horse bad dashed the gig to pieces and the cash-box had been lost, not te mention otber mischief that might have been dene if the policeman had not interfered? In his Al@ deruian Wilson's opinion the establishment were much in@ debted te the policeman for his activity aud care, and, in@ stead of@a reproach, the man deserved some recompense. Tbe gentleman said tbat be should mention the alderman's suggestion to the honsi# Alderman Wilson trusted that the defendant would drink less in@bi@itravcls@in@fatnre,@amt lined him 10s.@for being drunk. The alderman subsequently observed that he knew it was very bard for persens employed as tbe delendant was to go through tbeir laborious day's business without showing that they bud very bigb opinions of the urtiele they vended by submitting to@the@sivere tint of tasting deeply, but be really thought it would be prudent iu tbeir employers ta give them a bint not to raise tbeir elbows so very often even in •• boxing time. Tbe po@iheiaan who acted upou this occasion was stated hy bis inspector to be u very steady aud trustworthy man, and Alderman Wilson remembered the man iu bis mayoralty to bear and to des.-rve that character. MARLBO ROUGH-STREET. The Queen's Cheese.-Mr. Miller, of tbe Egyptiam-@hall, wus suxiiBonrd belore Mr. Long by two persons named 1'sge und Cotton, for detaining ihe uicdet of a cheese in@ tended as a present to iivr Majesty. It may be nveestary, in elucidation of tbe natnre of the case, to mention that some loyal person@ have clubbed a day's milk of their@cows for tbe purpose of manufacturing an enormous cbeeie, to be presented to her Majesty. The complainants stated they had aiad@ a model ot this cheese, und with the view ol exhibiting it they contracted with the defendant for the use of a room in tbe Egyptian-ball, at so much per monih. The defendant, however, had kept tbe roam locked, and as he refused to part with the key, they were nnable to open the exhibition to the public. When applied to, tbe deieodant refused to give up the model. could not pick oakum sufficient to keep them Mr. Loog told the girl@ they must do the best they could at the work ofl'ered them by tbe paritli and then discharged liters. THAMES-POLICE. A big Irishman, named Hugh Murray, was charged with kicking Denhis Murphy, bis countryman. The par@ ties are ballast getters, and Murphy has lately join, d a tem@ perance society, which gave ofLnce to the prisoner, who is very partial to whiskey undiluted. On Saturday last after drinking more than a proper allowance ol bis favourite liquor, he met Dennis Murpuy at Ratcliff cross, and be@ gan ta abuse him, telling him that after drinkiag mere gin and beer than any otber Irishman iu England, be left eff, because he could Lot drink any more, and joined a temperance society. After this abuse bad continued for some time, Murray made isms fonl allu ions to a bad leg, with which Murphy had been long afflicted, and kicked him violently on the leg which was bandaged. H@ then followed bim, and pat bis fist before his face, and swore tbat hut for the laws he wonld smash him, und make biin pat bi@ bead in bis mouth, as St, Patrick is reported to have done when ha cro-sed the Lift-y, Murray, in defence, said ho bad done nothing at all, and that Murpby was envious of bim because be drank whiskey , and refused to joiu the Temperance Society. Murphy called him many ugly names, which were not fit ta be men@ tinned,@and then struck bim on the check. Murpby swore that he sever struck Murray at ull, add called two witnesses, who confirmed bis statement. Murray here put his hand to the side of bis bead, above his right ear, and said he received a blow there, which took the seHses out of him for three quarters of an hour. Mr. Broderip You have a very bad memory. Five minutes ago you put your hand us your left cheek, and said you bad been struck there and now you put your Laud on tbe top of your huad. 1 don't believe be has struck you at all, and I have no doubt whatever you kicked him on his bail leg, whioh was a very cowardly and brutal act. You will pay a fine of 4Us. and tbe costs lor this assault, or go to prisoo for one month. MARYLEBOXE. Robbery at tub Marchioness Cornwallis's.-A middie-4ged woman, who gave her name Ann Brown, was placed at the bar,@charged with having stolen a vaiuuble shawl and a bible from the residence of the Marchioness Cornwallis, No. 12, Park-cresceor, Regent's-park. Edward Suffell, in the employ of Mr. Daniels, a pawo-@broker, living within a few yards of this court, deposed that the prisoner entered the shop und off ered for pledge a shawl, upon which she asked tcH shilling-. Witness, perceiving that the article was a valuable one, examined it closely, ami found marked upon it ths name Lady Elizabeth Cornwal@ lis. He thea questioned her as to how @h@ became pos@ sessed ot it, when she stated that it had been given to her by a member ot the Cornwallis family, all of whom were then oat of town and in reply to further inquiries, she said that she resided at 79, East-street, and was a respectable woman. He accompanied her to tbe said bouse, when, find@ ing tbat she was not the occupier of any apartments tuereiu, he gave her into custody. She repeatedly begged of him not to do so, and uilcged that such a proceeding would atteriy rnia her. Mr. Rawlioson What is the value of the shawl?-Wit@ ness F.orn £8 to £10. Sarah Wade, bous-maid to tbe Marchioness Cornwallis, stated that the family quitted London iu October last, and that the prisoner was engaged to remain behind with her wi@mrss , and assist her, for which site was paid at the rat@ of 11s. 61. per week. On tbe previous night she had 10s. given her, acd went out for tho purpose of muki g some purchases, bat sbe did aot return, and wituets ascertaiued soon alter her departure that a drawer up stairs, b.longing to one of the young ludiee, hud beea forced open. Harriet Moleswortb, the ladies' ruuid, deposed tbat the shawl produced had li eu placed in the drawer in question, und was tbe property of the Lady E.izsbetb Cornwallis. J.evett, 13 D, proved that tbe prisoner, when at the station-house, gave up a key. Ha repaired to the mar-@cbioness's residence, and on examining a cupboard in the servants'@hall, tbe uoor of which the suiJ key opened, he found in it a pocket-book, containing a number of pawn@ broker's duplicates, one of which was lor a bible pledged at Mr. Baylis's, Mortimer-street, Cavendish-sqaare. Toe bible from which the label indicating ta whom it be@ longed had been torn, and which was discovered with tbe duplicates in tbe prisonei's pocket-book was brought for@ ward by Mr. Baylis's shopman, and sworn to by tbe lady's maid, as belonging to Lady Elizabeth Cornwallis. Tbe prisoner, who had nothing more to say than tbat she never forced a Jock in her litis, was tally committed to New@ gate fur trial. CORONERS' INQUESTS. Yesterday evening an inquest was held at Guy's Hospital, belore Mr. l'ayoe, coroner, on the body oi Sarah Terry, the -ears of age, who died in the above hospital. The jury huving viewed the body, which presented a shocking spectacle, Mary Ann Terry, the mother of the deceased,@deposed that on MoD'lay evening last, about five o'clock, she went down stairs into the parlour, leaving the deceased und two other childr u,@a boy of three years ol age and a girl seven years old. She bad scarcely got down stairs when xhe heard vio@ lent screams, and on going up stairs found the deceased ea-@veloped in flames. She took up n rag and extioguisbrd them. Witness said sbe understood that the eldest girl had taken the lighled candle out ol the candlestick, and put it to the bettuin of the frock of the deceased, it is supposed with a view of frightening the child. The child's lather, who was examined, but who knew noihiog ol the transaction, wus cautioned by the coroner to keep a strict watch on the child who had apparently been the cause of the accident. The jury then returned a verdict of Accidental death. By the Coroner Nothing was tv bacco boxes, and his sapper was duty was to watch the craft at Ba i r foand his face was towards the and his staff was partly ont of 1 , signs sf violence. Thomas Nichoils, son of the I r. pos d that he raw the deceased turday morning, when he appea '. an talking to Mr. Winter's private Vd . foggy during tIt 'Bigot and laornu ling for watching every loaded b v . Barclay's whnri. Witness tboug i . over ihe barges in ex cation ef hi@ Verdict- Found drowned@ SPORTING INTEJ I TATTERSALL'S- V-. The attendance w@m unuaually thin, v require no other return than is contaiBe j ., U offer. - DERBY. 4 lo l agst Mr. W. Scott'n lot ofl . s 14 t 0 - Lord Bruce's Rosalie c taken to d. 110 is to I - Mr. irevllle'a Pa a n on tasen to 15 to 1 - Lord Westminster's Marshal Sonlt t 20 ton 1 - Mr. Rawlinson's Coionation offers to lay j - Colonel Peel's Caineleon taken to I - Duke of Rutland's Sir Hans roffers to take Lord Stradbrake's lot taken Captain Gardnor'aerpool from Ostend, Sarah Ann from @@@l!m t Sultan front Altea, and Minerva from Lisbon. ENTERED OUTWARDS FOR LOADIN'O. The Allda for Ostend, Heiress for Gibraltar, Sussex for Bom ns, Countess of Dunmore for Sydney, and Adele for Calais. CLEARED OUTWARDS WITH CARGO. The City of Londonderry for Havre, Adele for Calais, Maria@E@ila. bell for Schevenlng, Caroline for Calcutta, Dorothea for Mviiina. C LEARED OUTWARDS IN BA LLAST. The Medemblick for Medembllck. No. 22 iso. MAILS. Due. Dublin 3 . Waterford I . Drogheda 0 , Guernsey and Jersey... I , France i . Flai.derr. I Hamburg ...... ... 0 . . 1 Holland .••• Lisbon Malta ••.. Gibraltar.... West Indies . Leeward Island 1 Halifax -Arr Uu . v j .. i b . At the termination ef the above iiqaest an inqolry wa@ commenced by Mr. Payne relative to tbe death of Robert William Loader, aged twenty-five, one of the F re Brigade Establishment, attached to tbe Watliog-street alation, who came by bis death io csntequence ot the severe inj.ries he hud sustained hy the falling of a wall during the fire at Messrs. Goodbart aad Co.'s, sugar bakers, Rutclitfe-highway, on Saturday morning last. From tbe testimony of several of the fire brigade mei it appeared that the accident occurred by the falling ol a por@ tion of@a wall abont forty or fifty teet in height, which baried the uulortuuute deceased in its ruins up to the chest. The evidence ol the house-sergeon went to show that the deceased had sustained a compound fracture of both banes, of his right leg, a severe contusion of his left leg, aBd seve@ ral burns on his left leg and right arm. It wa9 deemed necessary, immediately alter bis admission to the hospital, to amputate the fractured leg, which was@doen by Mr. Key, the surgeon. He Went on as favourably as coold be expected considering the injuries he had received, until yesterday im ruing, when he expired. The Coroner here said, that, as there was no evidence before the jury to show tbe cause of the fire, tbe Inquest mast be adjourned to ascertain it, if possible and, in the meantime, ordered a pott-mortem examination of the body, and tbe inquest was accordingly adjourned until Monday evening uexc. Mortality among the Convicts at Woolwich. -An epidemic has bren lor some time past raging among the convicts employed in the Royal Arsenal und govern@ ment dock-yard at Woolwich, und has in several instances terminated fatally. A circumstance occurred iu Woolwich on Tuesday last, whieh excited au extraordinary degrte of interest in the town and the neighbourhood, namely, the coroner lor the district, C. J. Carttar, Esq., holding an in@ quest en the bodies ol no less than seven convicts at one tune. The inquiry iu question took place at the Salutation public-house, opposite to the entrance to the Royal Arsenal. Tne jury after being swern proceeded with the coroner to view the bodien, which were Ijiug in the dead-house ol the Arsenal. The whole seven were lying side by side most of ihem were young men,@aud tbe bodies were not at all emaciated. On the breast of ona was a recently drawn blister, be buviDg been for some time past labouring under a disease of the chest. The only evidence adduced be@ fore the jury was that of the medical practi@ tioners engaged to attend the convicts, Mr. Hope@ or New Charlton, aud Mr. Bu.-y, of Woolwich' who stated that their deaths arose train purely natural cause . Souieof them had been ill sevtral times befure@ and had been confined iu the hospital of tbe garrison. The ma@ jority were ufl-rted with an affection of the chest, accomna. nied by slight fever. r Iu answer to questions by the jury, the medical gentlemen said the deceased convicts bud not suffered from the effects ol the weather, us in the winter tLey were furnished with warm Guernsey froeks, at least those who were accustomed to wear flannel nor was there any lack of food. When the c@aimcta were 'll every attention was paid them, and wine when necessary wss supplied to them. Oue of the jury asked if there was any other evidence aiuiiable, but was answered in the negative, the@conviets not being allowed to give any testimony on any occasion. A verdict of Death Irom fever waa then returned. Yesterday, Mr. Carter held arfinquest at the George, Bank-@side, on the body ot Thomas Motberscli, aged 46, a private watchman,@ut Baukside, who was touud drowned. William Poole 33 M division of police, deposed'that abont six o'clock on Saturday morning he saw tbe body of tbe de@ ceased in the mud off Bat-.kride, nearly opposite the Anchor paulic-bouse, when he, with another policeman named Henry Hart, having procured a ladder and a shatter, got down on the shore und picked np the body, whieh they de@ posited io the skittle-ground ot the G.orge pablic-honse. From the appearance of the body it seemed to bare been in the water several hours. It was low water at the time. Witno-s@on txaminiug his person rtcognised the deceased@ who was formerly a police-sergeant of the M divisioB, and' had been ub .ut three months in his present employment as private watchman. 3 EAST INDIA SHIPPING. • ARRIVAL . The Governor, from the Cape of Geod Hope, otf Crookhavfr., bound to Cork, aalled the 18th Oct. Clyde, from Bauv.a. F -mouth, @Mild Itith August, St. Helena 22d Oct. Alexander Jcfci ■tone, from Bengal, In the Channel, sailed 24th July, and St.@@@@@@@ 18th October. ARRIVALS AT VALPARAISO. J'he@Mary Anne, @uih Aug., from Sydney Caprlcho,@it, trem dfcton. DEPARTURES PROM VALPARAISO. The Henry, tith 8ept., for Sydney Morley, 8th, for New@Zra.ini and Sydney. ARRIVALS AT MADEIRA. The Prince Albert, 28th Nov., trom London and Falmouth, la.l@n !d Dec. for the Cape of Good Hope and the Maurltiua, LIol, @gL Dec., from Newcaatle, and sailed tor Bombay. DEPARTURE FROM LISBON. The Sea Horse @teamer,@22d December, for Van DicUkn'i Lar.i ARRIVAL AT TOMBBZ. The Sir A. Hammond whaler, 24th Auguit, out twenty-@@@ft months, with 5U0 barrels of oil had loat the matter and t.vt ot v .t crew. LIVERPOOL, Dec. 31. SNIPS ARRIVED. The Ann from 8t. Petersburg, Balfour from Pernambuco ar.d Puralba, Jane Geary from Smyrna, Caroline from Seville, Dtverci-i from Quebec, and Orion from Gamla Carleby. SHIPS ENTERED VOR LOADING. The Ann and Jane for Kerbice, Nicolai for Bremen, Bririm@@@@ Constantinople, Ltrd Panmure and Rapidc for Havannah, Iriih@L@ui for Monte Video and Buenes Ayres, Rob Roy for Philadelphia, Bo I-@var for Kio Janeiro, Jane for bt. Thomas's, and Samaritan for @IV-@itantlnople@and Odessa. SHIPS CLEARED OUTWARDS. The Oriental steamer for Malta and Alexandria, Prompt for Char@@d-@ton, Belvidere for Baltimore, and Helen Jane for Batavia and a! • gapore. snips sailed. The Oriental steamer for Malta and Alexandria, and Jamvi Lyon for Newtoundland. -The Devereaux, arrived at this port from Quebec, on the 27t!- oi November, In lat. 46, long. 44, experienced a heavy gale, ill iost bulwarks, c , and on the @d of December, in lat. 46, long. 42, @@@@@@@the Pleiades, of Whitby, timber laden, abandoned. The Balfour, arrived at this port from Pernambuco and Par is, after being on shore on Mud Wharf, was got off without @spir@it damage. M schooner Is aground on the West Hoyle, near tbe Point of Air. Off Holyhead,@yesterday,@outward@b und, the Caledonia for@Borat ?. LONDON MARKETS-Thursday. CORN AVERAGES. Weekly Average.-Wheat 60s Id, Barley 32s 4d, Oat@i2iaVJ, 33s 5d, Beans 40s 9d, and Peas 40@ Id. Six Weeks' Average.-Wheat 59s I0d, Barley 32s 9d,@Oati2 • Rye 34s 4d, Beans 42s Id, and Peas 41s 6d. Duty.-Wheat 27s bd, Barley I3s@l0d, Oats 15s 3d, R e l? 1 Beans 6s 6d, and Peas 3s Od. HAY MARKETS. Whitechapel.- 1 There was a tair supply of Hay at thii imirrJrg@@ market, and a steady demand was experienced, more particu@@@@.v for the middling descriptions, at about former prices. Clover, @@tw from jf5 to d6, middling and Inferior £@ to jfc4 15s, Meadow H f. tine, from £@ to £@h interior and middling £'6 5s to £i 1T• @d f r load. There was a fair supply of Straw, but the demand being br@.r the whole was soon cleared ott at 32s to 34s per load. Portman.-Old Meadow Hay 75@ to 100s, Useful ditto o-i @M 70s, Old Clover 100s to I lbs, Wheat Straw 36s to 40 , at per @@@@Iol 36 trusies. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, Dec. 31. Our market utlll remains in a rather quiet state, without a@ '■■■ ■ cations of reduced prices, on the contrary, holders were steady@@@@. previous rates were obtained for 3,500 bags. i w Vote of a Piece of Plute to the Chair' ' oi the Bi.ackkuiaks BRinni Committee.-The ber@aof the Blackfriars-bridge committee have deter®' 1 ™ lo set the public an example of what ought to ha'r i 1,c ■ l done long ago, by presenting Mr. Prior, the indcfalip 1 1 chairman of the committee, with a piece of plate, ccr-@memorative of his exertions to make such improves '-c ,, and repairs iu the structure ns to place it among',! tee most useful and elegant of mode@m metropolitan ed . eev The following is the resolution to which the comroitt@w came by acclamation at a iate meeting - ' -unanimously, That it be recommended that the of this committee should subscribe the sum of fifty f c - 1 for u piece of plate, to be presented ta Jonathan C@@@@WW Prior, Esq , chairman, as a testimonial of the sense@of tne committee of his great services during the executi@w @c the important works for the substantial repair of B@. -' friars-bridge. We are requested to state, that that fashionable p@@u • dteal, Blurkuuoil's tally's Magazine. Is about to be o! ' r the u.w year, with aUUitton.l therms and a. thi. t. the , P the public are ieeklng for the he t and cheapest nonet a th. proprietor@ of the Lady's Blackirood'@ Magutin. o '-o.j and Literature are determined to tike the lead, and P ' Jl ,• whose page, will be replete with vigour and taste, calculat'd @@@@@, rich the female mind, and to blend treaaur.a of liiforan ll ''-, , amusement. The embellishment, are to be of th. b' '• 2 ea..Hence, uid each number will contain from three to r ur 1 . of the heweat Furl.Ian F.. iton.- a line eteel emrrae n. 01 ' Scenery No@ I, of ihe@e.riea , and nearly @IS royal Svo. -' letter.pie.., Th. lubicrlptlon is Vs. monlltly, and th. .' ' plied by all booXteller@ In town aud country. . Puinck Alberts Skates-Ki zmauricc West, cut@@®' No. @l.St. James's-street, has forwarded to Windsor, by com® 3 v' • his Royal Highness Prince Albert, a very elegant pair t f soles of which are formed of the finest foreign wood, and thetf@@' 'V ings@and straps of black leather, beautitully sown aod lintl @@@' seal skin far. Patronized by their Majesties the King and Qu' 1 ' 3 j Hanovar, and their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Angus@@@@@® Sophia, her Serene Highness the Princess Esterhazy, the Mary and Rosa, her Grace tha Dowager Ductnas ot and their Graces the Archbishop of Canterbury and tbel Devonshire and Manchester. In addition to the ato@W d jn-tlngulshed patronage to the newly-invented Spectacle I.eiit r ' visible Operative Voice Conductor, the Messrs. S. and W 0 . - C k ' opticians and aurlsts, 39, Albemarle street, Piccadilly, r, l ■ ' ■ -WilU im-strcet, Bank of England, feel great pleasure to state valuable Inventions have also gained the sanction and uuqo' probation of above four hundred ot tl e principal rlt,tr r ' D yb the medical protesaion as also of numerous Indivld'jal 0 j BI distinction, who have been greatly beoetited by their @@@a @@. mediately these Improved Spectacle Lenses are placed wf0 tremely Imperfect vision, It Is at once bronght back and original stats. Their Voles Conductor, Is not the pa ' ble, nor more uncomfortable than having a piece of wool In j 1 and the faintest whisper at a public assembly is heard . , n ,i distinctness.-39, Albemarle street, opposite the York 76. King William-Street, Bank.-No connection with same name. BIRTH9. -efa On Sunday, the 27th ult., the wife of the Hon. H, T 5 ' ,4! ' ' ■° n . of On the 31st ult., at Claphatn park, Mrs. Stephen KfS-daughter. ' F. BOMBAY direct, under tae Hon- East India Company to ra.i j Sfan-sailing snip LADY PfcVKKSHAM . • jmander, lyn in the West India Uc, . 7 pa #enf rs ai l carries an esi-er.e n ,. , 1 •sageapplf to R. R rry. E-i- New cJity-cJ 'de and Co., Sun-court, or w. Cor' 1 OH .MADRAS and CALCIJ the 20th January, the rr, fr built hiF I J. Rfdwan. Com' '- X M' -• U-t. K.zpni-.tirot, stilus, i MAG NET I' p -rtab!e llr .?vnv 1 ha r . t -t o' t J ,,-, V t
[ GS_aligned] ######################################################### FROM LON@DON TO CAM- BRIDGE, NORWICH, AND YARMOUTH. A meeting was held on Wednesday, at the East India and Colonial Club rooms, in Su@ﬀolk-street, @Pall-mall, for the purpose of considering the propriety of establishing a railway to join the Northern and Eastern Railway, at @Bishop's Stortford, to Norwich and Yarmouth, by Cam- bridge, Newmarket, and Thetford. The meeting, which was both numerous and highly respectable, was attended by the Marquess of Douro, M. P., W. L. W. Chute, Esq., M.@P., Benjamin Smith, Esq., M. P., Mr. Alderman @Farebrother, Isaac Jermy, Esq., Recorder of Norwich, Samuel Bignold, Esq., Edward Varnish, Esq., General Blachford, Major Head, Captain Kerr, Richard Broun, Esq., George Robinson, Esq., William Taylor, Esq., W. J. Taylor, Esq., James W. Smith, Esq., Thomas Ham@mond, Esq. Yarmouth , J. @L. Cufaude, Esq. Yarmouth ., @J. Harman, Esq., chairman of the Brighton Railway, -@M'Lean, Esq., William Drake, Esq. East Dereham @, Ms. Mann @@Nor- wich , William Clark, Esq. Thetford , Chistopher Span- ton, Esq. Attleborough , Richard Lloyd, Esq., A. A. H. Beck with, Esq. governor of the Corporation of Guardians of Norwich , William Andrews, Esq., Hype Clarke, Esq., William @Laxton, Esq., James Sowerby, Esq., Joseph Parkes, @Esq., W. M. Kitton, Esq., of Norwich, with nu- merous other in@ﬂuential ###################################################### Railway Company. Mr. BIGNOLD rejoiced to learn from the report of their talented engineer that the contemplated line of railway would not interfere at all with the parks or estates of pri- vate gentlemen, and he hoped that circumstance would conciliate many in their favour. He alluded to that statement in the report more particularly, because a very intelligent and in@ﬂuential gentleman, who he believed was honoured and respected by all who knew him Mr. Richard Gurney , had expressed, through the press, his hostility to railways, because they cut through and de- stroyed valuable estates, but when that gentleman ascer-@ tained that Mr. Rastrick's line would commit no such in- jury, he Mr. Bignold @@hope@ that his extensive and pow- erful in@ﬂuence would be exerted in favour of an un- dertaking that could not fail to prove highly bene@ﬁcial to his fellow-citizens cheers . Mr. RASTRICK wished to state that there was one nobleman's park a@ﬀected by the line, namely, Lord Bray- brooke's, but the act obtained by the Northern and Eastern Counties Railway Company would obviate all di@ﬀiculty in that respect. ############# Esq., recorder of Norwich, and chair- man of the county quarter sessions, rose to move the next resolution. In doing so he observed that a meeting had been advertised to be held at Norwich next Thurs- day. To the requisition calling that meeting were the names of a great number of men of property and ####################################### by ######################################################################################################################################################################### ######### ################################################################################################################################################################################################ and thought that they did not contribute much to the pub- lic convenience but even those persons would agree that a railway to Norwich was necessary when they were made aware of the fact, that those places which had an easy and quick communication with London by means of rail- road had an advantage of which Norwich and Yarmouth had hitherto been deprived, and which proved highly in- jurious to the commerce and agriculture of those popu- lous and important towns hear, hear . The resolu- tion was as follows - That this meeting is impressed with a strong conviction, that unless the county of Norfolk, city of Norwich, and tow@ns of Cambridge, Newmarket, Thetford, and Great Yarmouth, by the immediate construction of a railway to the metropolis, are place@ upon an equality with other parts of the kingdom, where railroads are completed, and in progress, the great agricultural and commercial in- terests of this important district must materially su@ﬀer in the race of competition. ############### Esq. of Norwich , seconded the resolution. He felt that the railway was necessary for the welfare of the city of Norwich, which stood parti- cularly in need of the bene@ﬁts of a railway communica- tion with the metropolis hear, hear . He had lately had an opportunity of communicating with the leading manufacturers in Norwich, and there was an universal complaint that the manufacturing interest was su@ﬀer- ing greatly in consequence of not having the advan- tage of a railway. The merchants and traders of London could visit York and return to London almost in the time they could now merely go to Norwich. He was therefore prepared to support to the utmost the formation of a railway to Norwich, but he would not lend that sup- port to any project which he was not fully satis@ﬁed was set on foot for the public good. If he could for a moment suppose there was any political object, or any other object in this project than the promotion of public interests and the welfare of his fellow citizens, he would immediately retire from it hear, hear . Two years ago there was a talk of a railway to Norwich, but there was then an unwillingness on the part of the citizens of Norwich to put down their names for shares, because they were ap- prehensive that the project would terminate like the Eastern Counties a@ﬀair-that the railway would be com- pleted for about thirty or forty miles from London, and Norwich left in the lurch. He himself stated at the time, that if they would commence the work at Norwich he would take shares to the amount of @1,000l. He was pre- pared to say the same again and if it could be shown to the citizens of Norwich that there was a bonâ ﬁde inten- tion of connecting Norwich with the metropolis, people of all shades of political opinion would come forward and support it hear, hear . He highly approved of the line now contemplated, and would support it by taking shares, although it would not be in his power, being a commercial man, to take any active part in the management. Mr. Bignold concluded amidst great applause, by seconding the @ﬁrst resolution, which was carried unanimously. B. @@@SMITH, Esq., M. P. for Norwich, proposed the second resolution, and expressed his opinion that the line pro- posed by Mr. Rastrick, the engineer, was a good line. Indeed, he did not scruple to say that he had always been of opinion that a line in the direction of Cambridge would be the cheapest and most preferable. The resolution was as follows - That this meeting are of opinion that a line of railway proceeding from Yarmouth to Bishop's Stortford, by way of Norwich, Wymondham, Attle- borough, Thetford, Newmarket, and Cambridge, will a@ﬀord advantages for carrying out the objects proposed, and may apparently be completed at a reasonable cost, and secure a considerable tra@ﬀic, with a prospect of in- crease, by the junction of railways from the north at Cambridge, and by the completion of branches from Lin- colnshire, Huntingdonshire, Bury St. Edmund's, and other parts of Su@ﬀolk, and all parts of the important dis- tricts of the Bedford Level the towns of Lynn, Swaﬀ- ham, Fakenham, and Dereham, and all the western parts of Norfolk. ############### Esq., a magistrate of Yarmouth, @and chairman of the Fishing Merchants' Club, seconded the resolution. He was happy to say that in the town of Yarmouth all party feeling with regard to this matter was completely buried in oblivion. Every one must feel the importance of a railway not only to Yarmouth and Norwich, but to the whole country hear, hear, @hear -and he was authorised to state on behalf of the trading and @ﬁshing interests in the town of Yarmouth that they would lend their utmost endeavours to carry the measure into full e@ﬀect cheers . He agreed with Mr. Bignold that the work should be commenced simultaneously at each end, because Norwich and Yar- month had been thrown in the background by the con- duct of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. He understood that the members for Yarmouth were out of town, otherwise, he had ascertained, they would have attended this meeting but he could state for the inform- action of the gentlemen present, that a few weeks ago he had a long conversation with them upon the subject of a line of railroad to Yarmouth, and they both pledged them- selves to use their utmost endeavours to have it carried into operation cheers . Mr. RASTRICK then read the following extracts from an able and elaborate Report, which he had prepared - The line proceeds from Bishop's Stortford to Cam- bridge, thence to Newmarket, Mildenhall, Thetford, At- tleborough, Wymondam, and Norwich to Yarmouth. @@@In carrying out the line, but little di@ﬀiculty will be experienced in getting through Parliament as to the part between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, inasmuch as all questions with the landowners have been settled in the act obtained by the Northern and Eastern Company, but subsequently abandoned by them for want of funds. The geological character of nearly the entire line is the @chalk formation, furnishing materials of the most fa- vourable description, both for cuttings and embankments, and the road, when once made, @ma@y be maintained at the minimum expense@@@@@@. The most expensive part of the line is between Bishop's Stortford and Cambridge, and the time required for its completion would be about three years.s. This part of the line has, however, extensive a@dvan@- tages, forming as it does the key to all railroads to the metropolis coming in this direction from the north, as well as from Norwich and all other parts of Norfolk, Lincoln- shire@ Huntingdonshire, Cambridgeshire, Su@ﬀolk, and some portion of the county of Middlesex, thereby insuring a good dividend to the shareholders upon that portion of the capital expended in forming it. The obtaining the proprietorship of this part of the line is therefore most important. No tunnel will be required from Cambridge to Yar- mouth, a distance of nearly eighty miles, and there are no extraordinary deep cuttings nor embankments, and only one viaduct, and no deep ravines or rapid rivers to cross, whilst the materials are of such an excellent quality of cuttings that they may be cut upright, and a large por- tion of the land is of so inferior a quality that its pur- chase will form an inconsiderable item in the expenditure, and the line does not pass through or interfere with any gentleman's park or pleasure grounds, nor in any way passes in an objectionable manner through any ############### whole line will form an easy and expeditious means of communication from, to, and between Cam- bridge, Newmarket, the @Swa@ﬀhams, Fordham, Soham, Mildenhall, Thetford, Brandon, Harling, the Bucken- hams, Kenninghall, Attleborough, Hingham, Wymond- ham@, Norwich, and Yarmouth, a@ﬀording facilities for branches from Ware, Hertford, Huntingdon, St. Neots, Ely@. Bur@y St. Edmund's, Down@ham, Swa@ﬀham, Dere- ham, Lynn, and thence to Wisbech, Stamford, and the whole of the improving and important district of the Great Bedford Level of the Fens and also forming the natural communication between the metropolis and the contemplated new district of the Great Level of the ################### these populous cities, towns, and villages, there can be no doubt but that the passenger tra@ﬀic along this line will be immense @and the line between Cambridge and Yarmouth can be made in the short space of two years, whilst that from Bishop's Stortford will require only one year longer, so that this entire line will be open to the public in three years. @@@The cost between Cambridge and Norwich is esti- mated at a less sum per mile than any other railway in the kingdom of so great an extent can be made for, this part of line extending for sixty-three miles. @@@The cost between Norwich and Yarmouth it esti- mated at a still less sum per mile this part of the line extending over about eighteen miles, and giving the greatest possible facility to the @ﬁshing ################################## @ﬁsh to the metropolis and the inte@@@rior of th@e country, and forming t@he most advantageous and ############### station in the kingdom for the northern foreign mall packets. ############ also produced an estimate of the expenses of the formation of the line, together with a calculation of the tra@ﬀic from data carefully collected, showing a pro@ﬁtable return to the shareholders for the capital to be invested. The resolution was put by the CHAIRMAN, and carried unanimously. Mr. ############# @handed to the chairman a letter from the sheri@ﬀ of Norwich, expressing his decided appro- bation of the meeting, and the proposed line of railway. Mr. BIGNOLD proposed the third resolution, which was seconded by E. VARNISH, Esq., and carried unanimously. It was as follows - That John @Urpeth Rastrick, Esq., having produced to this meeting sections and plans ex- tending over such line, and having made a report thereon, showing its great advantages and facilities for execution, this meeting are of opinion that a company should be im- mediately formed for the completion of the same, to be to @be ################################################### Mr.y whatsoever hear, hear, hear . For him- self he could conscientiously state that he discountenanced anything of the sort, but before they could expect to en- list the public in their cause, they must satisfy them that they were determined to carry on the undertaking per- fectly independent of all private interests hear, hear, hear . The best way in which they could manifest such a determination was to tender their co-operation to the meeting about to be held at Norwich, to a@ﬀord them every information and explanation in their power, and to unite with them in carrying out the common object. If that meeting desired a little deviation from the proposed line, the object should be to endeavour to meet their view. So if meetings should be held in Su@ﬀolk or Cambridge, they ought to be met in the same spirit hear, hear . The reso- lution which had been entrusted to him was as follows - That having observed with great satisfaction the an- nouncement of a meeting of the landowners of Norfolk, for the purpose of supporting a railway, this meeting re- quests its chairman forthwith to put himself in communi- cation with those gentlemen, it being the opinion of this meeting that it is essential for ensuring the success of so great an undertaking that all interests should co-operate in one united e@ﬀort to obtain its completion. J. HARMAN, Esq., chairman of the Brighton Rail- way Company, seconded the resolution. He was in no way connected with the counties of Norfolk and Su@ﬀolk, but was a London man. He had, however, been engaged in a very large railway undertaking, and having had the plans and sections of the proposed railway to Yarmouth laid before him, and explained by Mr. Rastrick, who had acted with him in carrying out the London and Brighton Railway, he had no hesitation in saying that he fully ap- proved of the undertaking. At the same time he would state his conviction that if they went before Parliament with any decided opposition they would @ﬁnd it di@ﬀicult to get parties to co-operate with them and if gentlemen who were locally interested in the promotion of the railway did not also come forward in such a manner as to convince t@he moneyed interest of London and other places that they were earnest in their object. There ought, therefore, to be the greatest co-operation throughout the whole of the line. He could safely say, having looked at the plans and sections, and the estimates of Mr. Rastrick, and hav- ing devoted some time to his able report, that that gen- tleman had furnished them with an estimate founded on honest principles. Those who embarked in the under- taking need be under no apprehension of not receiving ample remuneration for their capital and trouble. He should be glad to render all the assistance in his power in carrying out the undertaking, but he must @ﬁrst of all be persuad@ed that the gentlemen who had projected it were in earnest, and felt the necessity of a railway. #################### Esq., Attleborough, stated t@hat he had received a note from Sir Thomas Beevor, ex- pressing his approbation of the undertaking. He had waited on Lord Albemarle, who had told him that his en- gagements would prevent his attending the meeting, but that he was ready to assist the measure by all the means in his power, and his lordship had distinctly authorised him Mr. Spanton to state to the meeting that he was perfectly satis@ﬁed the railway would prove advantageous to his property and the country in general hear, hear . A letter had also been put into his hand by Mr. Cufaude, of Yarmouth, from the mayor of that borough, approving the line, and he could assure the meeting that through- out the district in which he resided Attleborough the landowners were unanimously in favour of the proposed railway hear, hear . ############## Esq. clerk of the peace of Thet- ford begged leave to state that he had been requested to attend the meeting on the part of Thetford, and to express the concurrence of the inhabitants of that borough in the measure, and their desire to see it carried into full operation. He as the agent of my Lord Ashburton could also state that as the line projected by Mr. Rastrick would not inter- fere prejudicially with his lordship's estate, he Lord Ash- burton would support it. The intended railway would certainly pass through Lord Ashburton's property as well as his own, but he Mr. Clark would cheerfully submit to anything that was for the good of Thetford and the country in general hear, hear . John Deck, Esq., of ####################################################################### line, and that the inhabitants of Bury were anxious to see the main trunk of the railway established, in order that a branch might be carried on to Bury, and that he was convinced the Marquess of Bristol, ever anxious to promote the interests of that borough, would give the undertaking his cordial support hear, hear . Mr. Drake stated that he should not have obtruded himself upon the notice of the meeting but for the obser- vations of Mr. Harman, the chairman of the Brighton railway. Having, however, been in communication with several of the noblemen and gentlemen whose names had been mentioned in the announcement of the meeting to be held in Norwich, and holding letters from Lord Sondes und others of those parties, containing assurances that they were not pledged to any particular line, he felt it due to the meeting, and particularly to those London capitalists who had honoured the meeting with their sanction and presence, to assure them that the requisitionists of the Norwich meeting would ap- proach the discussion of the subject unfettered, and quite prepared to adopt the most practicable and least expen- sive line and, indeed, had they been aware of the great sacri@ﬁce in expense and labour which had been incurred in maturing and perfecting the able plans, sections, and report, which Mr. Rastrick had this day produced, he Mr. Drake felt assured that these gentlemen would not have felt any such meeting necessary. Mr. Drake added that he was also entrusted with letters from in@ﬂuential inhabitants of the important town of Lynn, expressing cordial co-operation in the objects of the meeting, and begging that the extension of the line to that densely populated and wealthy district might not be lost sight of which letters were handed to the chairman. The resolution was then put and carried. Mr. VARNISH proposed the @ﬁfth resolution - That a committee be appointed to arrange the details of the company, and to carry out the views of the meeting, with power to add to their numbers Which was seconded by D. M'LEAN, Esq., and carried unanimously. A. A. H. Beckwith, Esq., governor of the corporation of the court of guardians of the city of Norwich, then moved the following vote of thanks to the chairman - That the thanks af this meeting are pre-eminently due to the chairman for his kindness in taking the chair, and his marked attention to the important business of the meeting and observed that one advantage that would attend the railway would be the employment of a vast number of poor persons, who were at present in a state of the most abject poverty. He had been informed by several manufacturers that the falling o@ﬀ in the staple trade of Norwich was mainly owing to the defect of com- munication between Norwich and the metropolis, as com- pared with the facility of communication between London and the northern counties. It was of vital importance to Norwich that the railway should be completed as soon as possible, and it would prove a great bene@ﬁt not merely to commerce but to agriculture. R. LLOYD, Esq., sec@onded the vote of thanks, which was carried amidst great applause. The CHAIRMAN returned thanks, and observed that he had felt great pleasure in attending the meeting. As one of the representatives of the county, he considered it to be his bounden duty to do all he could to bene@ﬁt it, and he thought he could not bene@ﬁt it more than by assisting in the accomplishment of that great measure they had met to carry out hear, hear . He thought he might now congratulate the county on the fair pros- pect of attaining that desirable object, and the county of Norfolk would no longer be the only county that was not blessed with the advantage of a railway commu- nication. Great unanimity had prevailed at that meet- ing, and he hoped it was an earnest of the union and good feeling that would exist throughout. If they made a strong pull they must succeed, and it was his opinion, after due consideration, that Mr. Rastrick's line was the one that ought to be adopted, going as it did near Cambridge hear, hear . No agricultural county could possibly raise money enough for the purposes of a line of this nature, and therefore they must of course look to London and other places for the principal part of their funds. There was, however, only one way of inducing the monied interest to render assistance, and that was by taking shares themselves. Let every gentleman who wished to see a railroad to Norwich and Yarmouth established, just calculate upon the advantage he himself would de- rive from it, say fairly what he would give to see it ac-co@mp@li@@shed, and then put down his name for that amount of shares hear, hear . They would then very soon de- rive assistance from capitalists hear, hear . In conclu- sion he begged again to return his sincere thanks for the honour they had done him, and would be happy to meet any gentleman who could conveniently attend the meeting to be held next Thursday in Norwich. In pursuance of the above resolutions a company was immediately formed, and shares to a large amount taken in the room. REDDITCH.-Another of those distressing acci- dents, so often occurring from the improper use of ################ here on Wednesday last. A grandson of Mr. Davis, of the Crown Inn, was in the act of shoot- ing at a small bird, when the fowling piece a very old one burst, and fractured his skull in a shocking manner. The young man lies in a very precarious state, with but a faint hope of recovery.-Worcester Chronicle. THE CHARTISTS AT INVERNESS. FROM AN INVERNESS PAPER. Handbills were issued on Monday, announcing that Mr. Julian Harney, from London, ex-member for Northumber- land, to the quondam so called National Convention, would address the inhabitants of Inverness, showing the necessity for an inquiry into the condition of the working classes, at eight o'clock in the evening. Admis- sion two pence, to defray expenses. The meeting was held in a room in Raining Stairs. Shortly after the time announced, Mr. Julian Harney, a young man, wrapped in a plaid, entered the room, and mounted on a table. Mr. Maclennan, watchmaker, was appointed chairman. Mr. HARNEY'S speech consisted of the stale and hack- neyed topics which form the staple of Chartist harangues He represented the working classes as in a state border- ing upon starvation. The hand-loom weavers of Cum- berland had only sixpence per day. Mr. H. then said there was not an honest representative for Scotland. He stigmatised the clergy as robbers, eulogised the charter, and advised the working classes to inquire and think for themselves. Mr. ################# slater, asked Mr. Harney what he meant by asserting that there was not an honest representative for Scotland in Parliament cheers . Mr. HARNEY said that none of them supported the charter continued laughter . Mr. RENNIE, solicitor, said that the Chartist agitators spoke of the distress of the working classes, yet they went about, wringing pence from their scanty earnings, to sup- port themselves in idleness. Mr. DAVID MONRO, merchant, then stood forward, and at some lenght exposed the utter fallacy and mis-state- ments of the Chartist orator. With respect to the manu- facturing labourer, although it was undeniable that dis- tress prevailed in certain districts, it was merely local, and was caused chie@ﬂy by the operation of the corn-laws, which excluded aur goods from the foreign markets. Mr. Julian Harney and his coadjutors had been most strenuous in opposing the repeal or modi@ﬁcation of these laws. They a@ﬀected to sympathise with what they called the starving classes, and yet made use of every in@ﬂuence they possessed to defeat all at- tempts to obtain cheap food. This was what he would designate as the blackest compound of impudence and treachery. But, was this treacherous conduct without a motive? No! these men knew well that had this relief been a@ﬀorded, their power to do mischief would have ceased, they could no longer have found a su@ﬀicient pre- tence for @ﬂeecing the labourer of his earnings, to support their baneful, yet to them gainful, craft of political agita- tion-so much for their regard for the working classes@! The remedy proposed by Mr. Harney would not cure the distress which does exist for if brought to the test of ex- perience, as respects the conduct of those electors of the particular class to which Mr. Harney wishes to extend the franchise, it would be found that their conduct in the use of that franchise had not generally been such as to warrant the experiment of extending it at present to any greater number of the body. As to the constituency of the Scottish burghs, although the circumstance of our having none of the old leaven of the pot-walloping sys- tem amongst us, had enabled us to return almost alto- gether a liberal representation, yet it is well known that it was amongst the poorer class of voters in these burghs that the full in@ﬂuence of our opponents was employed with most success. In England, the e@ﬀects of this were still more apparent. There, the retention of the old cor- rupt freemen has had the e@ﬀect of swamping the inde- pendent portion of the constituencies and the con- sequence has been that this liberal and reforming government has, as regards the English representation, been left in a minority. It is, therefore, plain that, before a stronger infusion of this class of voters can be safely admitted to the franchise, more knowledge must progress amongst them. Let them acquire this, and habits of providence and order, and then such a change may be proper and safe. Mr. Harney deprecated war and bloodshed@@ yet he himself had ad- vised the ignorant labourers of England to provide them- selves with pikes and pistols, and to use them against un- o@ﬀending men, for the enforcement of abstract rights. He had been the coadjutor of the infatuated Frost and his treasonable associates, who, at Newport, led on the deluded labourers to be butchered. Many a widow and orphan had to lament that husbands and fathers had been led, some to death and many to gaol, by this man and his co-conspirators. Did not Mr. Harney him- self, at a mceiing held before going to the conven- tion, say, that he would not return till he got the charter the law of the land, or his plaid dyed in his heart's blood! Were these the words of truth and soberness, or were they not rather like the ravings of a maniac. Mr. Harney would @ﬁnd little sympathy with his views among the Scottish labourers they were men of a far superior class to the ignorant and besotted pea- sants and coal-miners of Northumberland, among whom his in@ﬂuence lay. The Scottish labourer was famed over the civilised world for habits of order, industry, and honesty he ranked high, if not highest, in the scale of intelligence. Such men would not allow themselves to be misled by social incendiaries like Mr. Harney the enemies and revilers of all that has hitherto been held sacred among men. Mr. Monroe then said, that they should not conclude without coming to some practical result, and he, therefore, proposed the following reso- lution - That the Chartist leaders, having advocated riot and disorder, and incited the working classes to trea- son and rebellion, have thereby proved themselves to be the enemies of that and every other class of society, and have mainly contributed to put a stop to the gradual pro- gress of sale and rational reform. Mr. RENNIE, solicitor, said he had much pleasure in seconding the motion great confusion . Thereafter a running @ﬁre was kept up by question and answer, shout, and laughter. At one time we were afraid of an open battle. Mr. Harney having attempted to misrepresent a certain statement, an individual present styled him a convicted liar, upon which Mr. Harney rejoined You are a d-d liar. After some confusion, ############## an operative mason from the south, proposed a counter motion to the e@ﬀect that the meeting approve of Mr. Harney's princi- ples, and have con@ﬁdence in him. GEORGE BAIN seconded this amendment, amidst cries of Well done, Geordy. It was proposed by the chair- man that the vote should be taken by the parties going to opposite sides of the room. It was then evident that the motion was carried by a large majority. Another scene of confusion having ensued, the police- oﬀicers entered, and the orderly portion of those present withdrew. It is impossible to convey an adequate idea of the meeting, but our readers may have some conception of it from the above report. It is but right to say that the chairman behaved with great propriety. Next morn- ing Mr. Julian Harney left town to proceed to Forres. THE WEATHER-THE PARKS. The weather since Wednesday evening has undergone many changes. At six o'clock the thermometer stood at 30 degrees, two degrees below freezing point but by seven o'clock a light sleet began falling, and about nine o'clock a heavy fall of rain, snow, and sleet mingled toge- ther commenced, accompanied with a strong westerly wind, w@hich continued till an early hour yesterday morn- ing. From nine o'clock until a late hour the streets of the metropolis, and more particularly the roads round town, were rendered most dangerous by the rain freezing immediately on its reaching the earth, which made the pathways like a sheet of ice. About midnight, however, the thermometer having reached 39 degrees, a rapid thaw commenced, and at six o'clock yesterday the mercury stood at 40 degrees, the rain still continuing. Soon after eight o'clock the clouds broke and eventually cleared away, and during the remainder of the day the sun shone forth brilliantly. At noon the thermometer stood as high as 46 degrees, but towards the afternoon the wind shifted to the north-west, and as the evening advanced it again began to freeze, the thermometer having, at six o'clock, fallen down to freezing point. ################### ice much under water, and, towards the middle of the day, very dangerous. At twelve o'clock most of the icemen were withdrawn, yet numerous persons still ventured to skate. No accident occurred. ##################### the Round Pond there was a very fair attendance of skaters, the ice, notwith- standing the thaw, being secure. There were not so many on the Long Water, and no accidents occurred. ST. ################ ice was very unsafe, and no persons ventured upon it. ################## ice very slippery and dangerous. There was, however, a numerous attendance of skaters, amongst whom were the Duke of Brunswick, and his secretary, and several members of the Skating Club. No accidents occurred. THE RIVER.-There was a general break-up of the ice on the river, and the navigation of the shipping, steamers and craft received very little interruption, and a number of vessels of every description arrived and departed in the course of the day. Several coasters and colliers which were kept out of the pool by the ice, also came up in the afternoon by the tide, which brought up a consi-The CATASTROPHE at FRANCIS-STREET CHA@PEL.-CORONER'S INQUESTS. FROM THE PREEMAN'X JOURNAL. @@Yesterday an inquest was held at the Coombe Hospital, before James M'Carthy, Esq., one of the county coroners, touching the death of Gillies Claxton, the wile of a shoe- maker living at New-street, and one of those who had been unfortunately kilted on the@@ morning of Christmas Day, at the above house of worship. The @ﬁrst witness examined was John Brady, a labourer, who deposed as fol- lows -I live at 27, Bride-street. I was not in Francis- street chapel on Christmas morning. I saw that straight- edged piece of deal board, now produced in the chapel- yard, where they kept the lumber and all the scantling materials. I did not see that straight edge since the week before Christmas. It was myself broke it that week as it is now. It was in a heap of sticks or wood of the same kind which I was removing. It fell out of the parcel. I did not mind it at the time, but trod on and broke it across, but not altogether it was cracked and partly hanging asunder I threw it back and left it standing up amongst the lumber. After I had cracked it, and about the middle of the week before Christ@mas Day, the short fragments of it were on the sca@ﬀolding of the chapel in use with a stene mason. I know nothin@g about the longer portion of it. I never saw it after it had been broken in the yard until now. I was sweeping to the left of the large door leading into the chapel on Tuesday last. I then saw no timber, but two pieces of architrave moulding, which had been ripped o@ﬀ the door each piece was from seven to eight feet long. I did not see them since. In sweeping out the chapel on the day I mentioned I saw no other piece of wood whatever. None such could have been in the place without my noticing it. I left the pieces of the architrave behind me inside. That, as I have already said, was near the entrance door leading in from Francis-street. Christopher Bollard examined I live at 28, Plunket- street. I am a shoemaker. Was in the chapel on Christ@mas morning. I entered it at about a quarter to six o'clock. Remained there quiet, but crushed, for about twenty mi- nutes. Mass was then celebrating. Just as the @ﬁrst gospel was over a man made an alarm. @He was close to my shoulder. I never saw him before, but I think I would know him again if I saw him. He was crushing and talking at the time. He made no alarm or noise till I heard a crack, seem- ingly of a slick disjointing. It was over in a corner near a side door. In about a second there was another crack that seemed louder than the @ﬁrst. Said man then roared out that the gallery was falling. He desired the congrega- tion to look up, that it was splitting. He then rushed forward as strongly as he could to get out at the door. The people began to rush that moment to try and get out also. All then joined crying out the same, that the gallery was falling. I held the man for a time by the skirt of the coat, more to aid me in getting oat than to de- tain him, but in the struggle of getting out I was separated from him. He got out. He wore a brown surtout coat. I was under the gallery where the alarm was made. We got out at a side door fronting Francis-street. All that I saw went out at the same door. The noise or crack I supposed was about three yards from me. The place was so crowded before I heard the noise that I was sometimes raised o@ﬀ my feet for a minute or so. I heard the stranger sometimes say he was so desperately crushed that if he was outside he would wait for the next mass. Before the noise he was quite uneasy, and went from one side to the other, getting nearer to the door. First witness That was not on the same side of the chapel where I left the pieces of wood. Bollard The man who gave the alarm was about @ﬁve feet ten inches in height. He was a thin person. I could not say of what complexion. He appeared to @be a countryman of about 25 or 26 years old. I am q@uite sure that the noise of the crack came from the ground-@ﬂoor, not from the gal- lery. He did not make much alarm on the @ﬁrst crack, but on the second he screamed out. When I got out I saw several persons down. There was su@ﬀicient room going in from Francis-street to the chapel. That morning you could scarcely get in without almost @ﬁghting your way through, the crowds were as great. There was su@ﬀicient passage to the chapel from Francis-street, if there was proper light, for twelve or fourteen person to move back and forwards at the same time. I only saw one boy dead. He was lying outside on a large stone upon which he had been raised. I returned into the chapel immediately after. The @ﬁrst noise was like that of the cracking of a light stick. The second noise seemed louder than the @ﬁrst, as if a stick were disjointing. There was about a second between the two cracks. The lath or straight edge now produced I had in my hand that morning. A woman gave it to sue out of the corner where I heard the noise. I do not know the woman, but she said to me, here is the stick, Mr. Bollard, which was broken this morning, and which caused all the alarm and confusion. I speak in reference to the long piece. I did not see the short piece, but observed where part of the long one had been broken o@ﬀ. I left the stick after against one of the porches in the middle of the chapel. I am per- fectly convinced I could swear that the noise proceeded from the ground-@ﬂoor over in the corner. I was standing in the lower end of the chapel, close to the wall, the boy who was killed being only between me and it. An inspector of police stated that he found a similar straightedge, but unbroken, in a place used by the workmen in the yard. Rose Bollard examined I am the wife of the last wit- ness. I went at the same time with my husband to Francis- street Chapel, on Christmas morning. I was at the left hand side of the chapel going in from Plunket street, under the gallery. I observed a lath or stick like that now shown under the gallery, up in the corner. I was close to it. I did not see it broken, but I heard the crack. I think it was from that stick the noise proceeded. There were two men crushed by the crowd up against it, and it was broken in consequence. This was before any noise took place. I said What is that? a woman said to me never mind-it is that piece of stick that was broken. It was net at that corner the alarm win raised, it was at the other side, at the Francis-street door. One of the men I mention was leaning against the stick with his shoulders. These men were in the same place when I @ﬁrst entered the chapel. It was the crowd that, as these two men were standing at the spot, pushed them against the stick. All the time I was there the men were close to it. When I heard the @ﬁrst cry out they were there. They did not go away until after the @ﬁrst alarm had been given. It was not either of them that gave the al@arm. I did not go from where I was, as a man bid me not to stir that there was no fear of me. One voice @ﬁrst said that the gallery was falling, and than all joined in the cry. I heard the two cracks. I do not think that both came from the same quarter. The @ﬁrst seemed to proceed from the stick near which I was standing. I think that the second crack came from towards Francis-street door, but I was so frightened I could not tell exactly where it came from. I saw a man holding up that piece of a board in his hand I think, and telling the people not to be alarmed there was no fear that it was that piece of wood that h@ad been broken. I did not know that man who held it up. He was standing under the gallery. The chapel was pretty clear of people at the time. John Woolley was examined, but his testimony was of no importance whatever. Patrick K@elly examined I live at 47, Bride-street. On Tuesday evening I was sent for to set some bricks and a @ﬂag in the chapel. I sent out a man for a straight-@edgo. He brought me the piece of wood the largest portion of the straight edge now produced. The short piece I think is the same I had used before on the toner of the chapel. Rose Bollard The stick I saw in the corner reached higher than the men's shoulders. That should have been longer than both the pieces of wood produced put together. Edward Sherwood examined I am clerk of Francis- street Chapel. I was very particular on Christmas eve to have the chapel cleared of everything that might at all in- convenience the people. In order to give as much light as possible, I had threel #### lamps lighted one of them had three burners. I was in the sanctuary, and, on hearing the noise, I thought it was one ###### broken, but I found it was not. I am ################################################################# Mr. ######################### William Collis, of Dunmow, draper, at twelve last examination-Thomas William Horder, of Fenchurch-street, chemist, at ######################### Robert Harris, of Percy-street, carver and gilder, at two last examination. Before Mr. ##################### John Stone Small@ﬁeld, of Newgate-street, bookseller, at twelve choice of assignees. Before Mr. Commissioner FANE. Charles Baker Harman, of Stoney Stratford, innkeeper, at twelve last examination-Wild and Williams, of Walworth, linen-drapers, at one last examination. Before Mr. Commissioner EVANS. Phillips and Phillips, of Regent-street, lamp manufacturers, at eleven last examination. Before Mr. Commissioner HOLROYD. George Wilkin, of Frith-street, tailor, at eleven last examination. SECONDARIES' COURT, BASINGHALL-STREET-At twelve. Howard v Brown-Larkin and Another v Sewell-Emmott v Sewell-Ratc@liﬀe, Whyman, and another v Jackson-Sharland and another v Piggott. INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, PORTUGAL-STREET. Sit at ten. Seventeen Bail ################################# Thomas Welsh-Joseph John Fawcett. ########################### Smith-Jonathan Collingburn -Charles Hunt-Robert Nesbit Kell-Richard Lock. ########################## Holland-Abraha@m Honnor-Charles Paris Poole. SHERIFFS' COURT-THURSDAY. Before Mr. ############### Burchell and a Common Jury. ########################### this case Mr. Miller appeared as counsel for the plain- ti@ﬀ, a printer, residing in Craven-buildings, Strand and Mr. Innis attended on behalt of the Rev. @Dr. Zieukiewicz, who is a Roman Catholic clergy@man and a Polish refugee. The action was brought to recover the sum of £19 odd for printing several n@umbers of a work called The Hist@ory of Poland, and the defendant bad paid £2 1s. into court, and pleaded payment as to the remainder. Mr. Miller stated that the defendant determined in the be- ginning of this year to write a history of P@oland, which he employed the plainti@ﬀ to print, and which was to be brought out in weekly numbers at three-pence each, or in monthly shilling parts. The defendant pro- posed bringing out the work by means of shares, and in the list of shareholders that he had printed were the names of the @Rev. Dr. T. Gri@ﬀith, Bishop of London district his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, M, Guizot, the Hon. Mr. Sta@ﬀord Jerningham, John Wright, Esq., the banker, @c. The printing of the numbers, it was agreed, should be done for £2 15s. per week, and the plainti@ﬀ was to take two shares of £1 each in the work. After the publication, how- ever, of the @ﬁrst monthly part, the plainti@ﬀ found that he could not go on upon these terms, and it was then arranged between hi@m and Dr. Zieukiewicz, that @he should be paid in full for the future printing, although his name should con- tinue among t@he list of shareholders, lest the withdrawal of it should have an unfavourable tendency in the disposal of the work. The plainti@ﬀ likewise printed some fancy wrappers for the defendant, and had made some consi@derable correc- tions in the history, at the doctor's request, which items amounted in the whole to the sum claimed. A compositor, named Ball, in the plainti@ﬀ's employ, proved the work done, and said that he heard the defendant promise, on his conscience, to pay the plainti@ﬀ's demand in as short a time as possible. Dr. Zieukiewicz complained of not being able to get in the money for the ﬁrst part of the History of Poland until the second part was in the hands of the book-sellers. Cross-examined The receipts produced bore the plainti@ﬀ's signature @attached to them in his own handwriting. Other witnesses proved admissions of th@@e defendant of his liability. Mr. Innis put in the receipts identi@ﬁed by Ball, which acknowledged cash payments to the @amount of £9 19s., shares £13 12s.,@and 10s. for advertisements, which, he con- tended, more than covered the plainti@ﬀ's demand. The doctor, however, valued his reputation more than his life, and as he was excessively tenacious of his character he Mr. Innis had paid £2 1s. into court, in the hope that it would put an end to the litigation, although the plainti@ﬀ was not entitled to a farthing. He should prove that the defendant received a stipend of only £26 per year from the Polish Association, and that he had been ino@uced, by the solicitations of several friends and the plainti@ﬀ, to write a history of Poland, the expenses being undertaken to be paid by those who advised him to commence the work. He Mr. Innis held in his hand some rules and regulations for the guidance of the shareholders, and the plainti@ﬀ had sub- scribed his name to it but unless he Mr. Innis received permission to put it in, he could not do so, as the defendant was not in circumstances to have it stamped. The U@nder-Sheri@ﬀ observed, that the attorney knew as well as himself that he had no power to receive anything that was not strictly evidence. Joseph Ostrowski, the editor of the History of Poland, and Mr. John Charles Fitzgerald, who described himself as a teacher of languages and occasional contributor to the press, were examined for the defence, but in the absence of the rules, or deed of partnership, as it was called, of the shareholders, their testimony was unavailing. Mr. Innis submitted that the plainti@ﬀ, as one of t@he partners in the work, could not sue his co-partner, the defendant. The Under-Sheri@ﬀ said that the defendant had given no evidence of a partnership having existed. Dr. Zieukiewicz begged the court would let him say a few words. The Under-Sheri@ﬀ said he had no power to do so he must appeal to the plainti@ﬀ's counsel. Mr. Miller observed that he merely appeared as the mouthpiece of his client, and he could not yield a privilege to the defendant which would not under any circumstances be conceded to a native of this country, and which would in all probability lead to a contradiction of the witnesses' statements that had been made under the solemn obligations of an oath. The Under-Sheri@@ﬀ having su@mmed up, the jury without hesitation returned a verdict for the plainti@ﬀ-@Damages £15 ########################################################################################################## cause the complainants were in his ############### to ten guineas. The complainants had plated their model in his room for several ################## appeared to be made for ############################ it was proper totake steps to ############# The complainants wished to #################### the model, and to leave nothing ################# proceeding which of course he ################# complainants denied that any #################################### place on their part in giving the ############# very interesting exhibition. The fact had reason to believe the defendant was in league ########### to exhibit the real cheese, an@d this was the rea- son why he would not part with the model. Mr. Miller denied the accuracy of this statement. Mr. Long remarked that the rage for sight-seeing in John Bull was proverbial but, with all our national in such matters, he doubted whether public gullibility could be su@ﬀiciently excited to make the exhibition of the mere model of a cheese a pro@ﬁtable matter. Had it been the cheese itself, there might have been something to say in fa- vour of the proceeding.@@ @@It was ultimately arrranged that on payment of ﬁve guineas, the complaints might he at liberty to remove their model. ####################### young girls were charged with annoying the overseers of St. Giles's, Bloomsbury. Mr. Dix, the relieving o@ﬀicer, said the defendant's had been o@@ﬀered work, but they refused to do it, and as they @were exceedingly annoying to the ov@erseers they had been brought here to answer for their misconduct. The girls, who agreed in the same story, said they were willing to work it any emplo@yment was o@ﬀered them at which they could procure subsistance. The parish had sent them to pick oakum, and this was the only out-door relief they would give@@@@. Mr. Dix said, if the girls chose to be industrious, they could earn eight-pence and even as much as a shilling a day at the work. @@@@The girls declared this was totally impossible. They had tried the work, but the most they could earn was a penny or three halfp@ence. If the parish would oblige th@em to continue to pick oakum they would be obliged to sp@@end the few pence they might earn in food, and walk the streets during the night.night. Mr. Dix said he would add food to their wages, if they #################################################### ######################################### Several complaints have been lately ma@de to the Lord Mayor, relative to the want of water in Smith@ﬁeld in the cattle pens. Communications have been received at the Mansion-house by letter and personally on the subject. They have stated that when cattle arrive at Smit@hﬁeld after a long journey, there is not a drop of water to be found for them althou@gh they evidently s@uﬀer from extreme thirst, and it has been suggested that troughs be placed in di@ﬀerent parts of the market, with water for the use of the poor @animals. The Lord Mayor and Alderman Wilson referred the matter of complaint to Deputy @Hicks, the chairman of the markets' committee, whose improvements in Smit@@ﬁeld have entitled him tothe thanks of the community. In all proba- bility that @gentleman would immediately see the evil, if it existed, remedied. A gentleman, who stated that he waited upon his lordship at the request of the drovers, to represent the fact that the cattle which travelled up to market were in such a deplor- able condition from thirst that the blood oozed out of their hoofs, said that in fact the whole animal economy was ef- fectually destroyed by the want of water. A collecting clerk in the house of Messrs. Woodbrid@ge, brewers, was on Wednesday charged before Alderman Wil- son with having been so drunk on the preceding night as to drive his horse and gig furiously on the wrong side of the road, to intrude violently upon the quietude of a cab stand, and at length to make choice of the pavement for trying the pluck of a very spirited horse. @@@@George Want, a bricklayer, stated that on Tuesday ########################### he saw the horse or cart, or gig, driving furiously along #################################### upon the wrong side of the street. There were ############################################# the ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### there. It might possibly have been there without my seeing #################################################################################### ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## ness represented that if he did not interfere mischief must be ################################################################################################################################ full extent of the chapel, from seventy to eighty feet long. I asked the girl who cleaned out the chapel the night before, whether she had seen any sticks or wood in the place, and she told me she had not. Where I saw the people crushed and failing was at the foot of the steps outside, as if they had been descending them. This closed the examination of the witnesses. The Coroner, in charging the jury, said that at all events it did not appear from the evidence that there was any thing ################################################################ drove, or pretended to drive, as very closely bordering upon the last stage of drunkenness. Witness took care of the cash box which was in the gig, and which contained, as he understood, a considerable sum of money, and was spoken to afterwards very uncourteously by one of the gentlemen of the establishment, on account of his in- terference, it being the opinion of those at the brewery, that it the defendant had been let alone he would have driven to ############################################################################################################################################################################################## quantity of drilling ice, which appeared very soft, and o@ﬀered very little obstruction to the pasasge of ships and barges. At low water there were vast masses of ice icebergs on both shores, a good deal of which was taken up by the @ﬂowing tide, and dissolved. The change of the weather happened very opportunely, for the na- vigation of the river was almost entirely suspended on Tuesday.day. @We regret to observe that the murrain has been progressing northward with rapid strides and it has during the last week developed itself extensively in the Highland counties, one gentleman in the neighbourhood of Tain having had 146 head of cattle a@ﬀected by it in rapid succession. It has also extended itself over the western counties, and is far from being unknown in our own immediate neighbourhood. Here, however, the type is unusually @mind, and we have not heard of a single beast that has died, wherein the cause of death may not be at- tributed to some previous malady which predisposed the animal to murrain, and did not leave it strength to resist the in@ﬂammation which accompanies it. The disease in this quarter has not, on an average of many cases, a@ﬀected the animal more than four days, and then it takes readily to such soft food as can be used from the tender state of the mouth and tongue. When once quit of the disease, we are not aware that it returns again to the same ani- mal. In very few cases in Scotland have we heard of pigs or sheep being a@ﬀected by the malady but we ob- serve that in Yorkshire the disease has extended to all kinds of stock, including horses, sheep, pigs, and even the poor shepherds' dogs. Fortunately, we cannot yet complain of any such extended infection in Scotland, where hitherto the dread of the disease has been worse than the reality. Veterinary authorities are not yet agreed as to whether the disease is propagated by contagion or atmospheric in- ﬂuence.-Glasgow ########################################### purposes. Several of the jurors expressed themselves as entertain @@ing a similar opinion. After a few minutes' consultation, the jury returned the following verdict - We @ﬁnd that the said Gillies Claxton@@ was killed at @Francis-street chapel on the morning of the 25th instant, or Christmas-day, by a number of persons@@ rushing out of said chapel, and crushing her person and@ that this rushing, and the consequences that followed, were@@ caused by a person or persons unknown, but whether through excitement or alarm from nervousness, owing to his or their situation at the time, or from a felonious intent, we cannot say. The Coroner then adjourned to the county of Meath hos- pital, and there proceeded to hold inquests touching the death of James Colligan, and of Eleanor Savage, who had come by t@heir deaths at the same time and place, and under the like melancholy circumstances. The evidence was similar to that adduced in the preced- ing case, and a verdict substantially the same as the fore- going was found by the jury in each case. Catherine Smith, the poor woman who had sustained in- jury of the brain, continues in the hospital in an utterly hopeless state. The other patients are going on o ############################ ten and eleven o'clock yesterday morning the following dreadful acci- dent occurred -A gentleman named Bartlett, who re- sided at Coombe-lodge, Regent's-park, left his residence in a gig, accompanied by his sister-in-law, a lady of the name of Richards. On emerging from the gate leading into the main road through the park, a man who was passing at the time, with a basket of live ducks on his head, in endeavouring to avoid the horse and gig, stum- bled, and threw the basket down before the horse. It is supposed that the noise and @ﬂuttering of the ducks fright- ened the animal, which suddenly reared upon his hind legs. Miss Richards was thrown backwards out of the gig, and her spine was severely injured, and the whole of her front teeth and gums forced out. Mr. Bartlett was thrown partly over the back of the gig, and in his @eﬀorts to recover himself he fell over the side of the vehicle, with his head between the spokes of the wheel at the moment that the horse started o@ﬀ. The groom, who the instant before had left the horse's head, attempted to restrain the animal, but before he could accomplish this t@he head of the unfortunate gentleman had become entangled in the wheel, and when the horse was stopped Mr. Bartlett was found to be lifeless, his neck having been broken. ################### few days ago an honest farmer's wife, in the neighbourhood of Biggar was waited upon by a gipsy fortune-teller or spaewife, who o@ﬀered to lift the curtain of futurity, and give her a peep of what was in store for her for a more tri@ﬂe. After showing o@ﬀ some of her cantrips, and making the unsuspecting house- wife believe that she, like Glendower, had the gift of calling spirits from the vasty deep, she prevailed upon her to part with a pound note, in the conviction that in a quarter of an hour by her auld timmer clock, a braw horned cow would come routin' to the door! This being done, the second part of the drama opened with exit spaewife, and Mrs. Look-for-Crumbie solus. It is hardly necessary to state that the cow did not make her appearance to add to thedramatis ########################################################################################### Messrs. Woodbridge and Co. for six years, and a more steady man could not be found. Never before had there been a shadow of complaint against him, and he was highly esteemed. He is, said the gen- tle@man, four days in the week in the habit of bringing in sums of money, sometimes £300 or £400 at a time, and if he is exposed to this sort of interruption and annoyance, the inconvenience will be very great. Alderman Wilson And so you would have the police allow him to gallop over people and smash every thing be- fore him to suit his convenience. The gentleman said he understood that the horse, which was a very spirited one, became rather unmanageable for a short time, but that no doubt it the policeman had not inter- fered all would have been right. A person, who stated that he was in the gig at the time with the defendant, said he did not perceive that the defendant was dru@nk and the gig was not going fast at all. The policeman and other witnesses declared that the gig was going at the rate of eleven or twelve miles an hour, and that the person who sat with the defendant was most decidedly drunk a@nd wholly incapable of rendering assist- ance. The policeman stated, that if it had not been for the property in the cash-box he would have taken the gig to the green-y@ard.@ There were insinuations thrown out against him at the brewery as to the security of the property, and he considered h@imself very ill used. Alderman Wilson was also of opinion that the policeman was extremely ill used. What would Mr. Woodbridge say if the horse bad dashed the gig to pieces and the cash-box had been lost, not to mention other mischief that might have been done if the policeman had not interfered? In his Al- der@man Wilson's opinion the establishment were much in- debted to the policeman for his activity and care, and, in- stead of a reproach, the man deserved some recompense. The gentleman said that he should mention the alderman's suggestion to the house. Alderman Wilson trusted that the defendant would drink less in his ####### in ####### and @ﬁned him 10s. for being drunk. The alderman subsequently observed that he knew it was very hard for persons employed as the defendant was to go through their laborious day's business without showing that they had very high opinions of the article they vended by submitting to the severe test of tasting deeply, but he really thought it would be prudent in their employers to give them a hint not to raise their elbows so very often even in in boxing time. The police@man who acted upon this occasion was stated by his inspector to be a very steady and trustworthy man, and Alderman Wilson remembered the man in his mayoralty to bear and to des@erve that character. MARLBO@ROUGH-STREET. THE ################### Miller, of the Egyptian- hall, was su@@mmoned before Mr. Long by two persons named @Page and Cotton, for detaining the @model of a cheese in- tended as a present to @her Majesty. It may be necessary, in elucidation of the nature of the case, to mention that some loyal persons have clubbed a day's milk of their cows for the purpose if manufacturing an enormous cheese, to be presented to her Majesty. The complainants stated they had @made a model of this cheese, and with the view of exhibiting it they contracted with the defendant for the use of a room in the Egyptian-hall, at so much per month. The defendant, however, had kept the room locked, and as he refused to part with the key, they were unable to open the exhibition to the public. When applied to, the defendant refused to give up the model. ############################################ Mr. Long told the girls they must to the best they could at the work o@@ﬀered them by the pari@sh and then discharged @@them. THAMES-POLICE. A big Irishman, named Hugh Murray, was charged with kicking Dennis Murphy, his countryman. The par- ties are ballast getters, and Murphy has lately join@ed a tem- perance society, which gave oﬀence to the prisoner, who is very partial to whiskey undiluted. On Saturday last after drinking more than a proper allowance of his favourite liquor, he met Dennis Murphy at Ratcli@ﬀ cross, and be- gan to abuse him, telling him that after drinking more gin and beer than any other Irishman in England, be left @oﬀ, because he could tot drink any more, and joined a temperance society. After this abuse had continued for some time, Murray made some font allusions to a bad leg, with which Murphy had been long a@ﬀlicted, and kicked him violently on the leg which was bandaged. He then followed him, and put his @ﬁst before his face, and swore that but for the laws he would smash him, and make @him put his head in his month, as St. Patrick is reported to have done when he crossed the Li@ﬀey. Murray, in defence, said he had done nothing at all, and that Murphy was envious of him because he drank whiskey@, and refused to Join the Temperance Society. Murphy called him many ugly names, which were not @ﬁt to be men- tioned, and then struck him on the cheek. Murphy swore that he never struck Murray at all, and called two witnesses, who con@ﬁrmed his statement. Murray here put his hand to the side of his head, above his right ear, and said he received a blow there, which took the senses out of him for three quarters of an hour. Mr. Broderip You have a very bad memory. Five minutes ago you put your hand on your left cheek, and said you had been struck there and now yon put your hand on the top of your head. I don't believe he has struck you at all, and I have no doubt whatever you kicked him on his ba@d leg, which was a very cowardly and brutal act. You will pay a @ﬁne of 40s. and the costs for this assault, or go to prison for one month. MARYLEBONE. ########################################## middle-aged woman, who gave her name Ann Brown, was placed at the bar, charged with having stolen a valuable shawl and a bible from the residence of the Marchioness Cornwallis, No. 12, Park-crescent, Regent's-park. Edward Su@ﬀell, in the employ of Mr. Daniels, a pawn- broker, living within a few yards of this court, deposed that the prisoner entered the shop and o@@ﬀered for pledge a shawl, upon which she asked ten shillings. Witness, perceiving that the article was a valuable one, examined it closely, and found marked upon it the name Lady Elizabeth Cornwal- lis. He then questioned her as to how she became pos- sessed of it, when she stated that it had been given to her by a member of the Cornwallis family, all of whom were then out of town and in reply to further inquiries, she said that she resided at 79, East-street, and was a respectable woman. He accompanied her to the said house, when, @ﬁnd- ing that she was not the occupier of any apartments therein, he gave her into custody. She repeatedly begged of him not to do so, and alleged that such a proceeding would utterly ruin her. Mr. Rawlinson What is the value of the shawl?-Wit- ness Fro@m £8 to £10. Sarah Wade, housemaid to the Marchioness Cornwallis, stated that the family quitted London in October last, and that the prisoner was engaged to remain behind with her witness , and assist her, for which s@he was paid at the rate of 11s. 6d. per week. On the previous night she had 10s. given her, and went out for the purpose of making some purchases, but she did not return, and witness ascertained soon after her departure that a drawer up stairs, belonging to one of the young ladies, had been forced open. Harriet Molesworth, the ladies' @maid, deposed that the shawl produced had @been placed in the drawer in question, and was the property of the Lady Elizabeth Cornwallis. @Levett, 13 D, proved that the prisoner, when at the station-house, gave up a key. He repaired to the mar- chioness's residence, and on examining a cupboard in the servants' hall, the door of which the said key opened, he found in it a pocket-hook, containing a number of pawn- broker's duplicates, one of which was for a bible pledged at Mr. Baylis's, Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square. The bible from which the label indicating to whom it be- longed had been torn, and which was discovered with the duplicates in the prisoner's pocket-hook was brought for- ward by Mr. Baylis's shopman, and sworn to by the lady's maid, as belonging to Lady Elizabeth Cornwallis. The prisoner, who had nothing more to say than that she never forced a lock in her li@fe, was tally committed to New- gate for trial. CORONERS' INQUESTS. Yesterday evening an inquest was held at Guy's Hospital, before Mr. @Payne, coroner, on the body of Sarah Terry, ﬁve years of age, who died in the above hospital. The jury having viewed the body, which presented a shocking spectacle, Mary Ann Terry, the mother of the deceased, deposed that on Mo@nday evening last, about @ﬁve o'clock, she went down stairs into the parlour, leaving the deceased and two other children, a boy of three years of age and a girl seven years old. She had scarcely got down stairs when she heard vio- lent screams, and on going up stairs found the deceased en- veloped in @ﬂames. She took up a rug and extinguished them. Witness said she understood that the eldest girl had taken the lighted candle out of the candlestick, and put it to the bott@om of the frock of the deceased, it is supposed with a view of frightening the child. The child's father, who was examined, but who knew nothing of the transaction, was cautioned by the coroner to keep a strict watch on the child who had apparently been the cause of the accident. The jury then returned a verdict of Accidental death. At ####################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### ## talking to Mr. Winter's private #### foggy during the @night ########## ling for watching every loaded ##### Barclay's wharf. Witness ############## the barges in execution #####  Verdict- Found drowned. SPORTING ####### ##################### attendance was unusually ############### no other return than is ###################### ##################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### from Ostend, Sarah Ann from Messina, ###### fro@m Altea, and Minerva from Lisbon. ENTERED OUTWARDS FOR LOADIN@G. The Alida for Ostend, Heiress for Gibraltar, Sussex for Bombay, Countess of Dunmore for Sydney, and Adele for Calais. CLEARED OUTWARDS WITH CARGO. The City of Londonderry for Havre, Adele for Calais, Maria Eliza- beth for Schevening, Caroline for Calcutta, Dorothea for Messina. C@LEARED OUTWARDS IN BA@LLAST. The Medemblick for Medemblick. ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### the termination of the above inquest an inquiry was commenced by Mr. Payne relative to the death of Robert William Loader, aged twenty-live, one of the Fire Brigade Establishment, attached to the Watling-street station, who came by his death in consequence of the severe injuries he had sustained by the falling of a wall during the @ﬁre at Messrs. Goodhart and Co.'s, sugar bakers, Ratcli@ﬀe-highway, on Saturday morning last. From the testimony of several of the @ﬁre brigade men it appeared that the accident occurred by the falling of a por- tion of a wall about forty or @ﬁfty feet in height, which buried the unfortunate deconsed in its ruins up to the chest. The eyidence of the house-surgeon went to show that the deceased had sastained a compound fracture of both bones@ of his right leg, a severe contusion of his left leg, and seve- ral burns on his left leg and right arm. It was deemed necessary, immediately after his admission to the hospital, to amputate the fractured leg, which was done by Mr. Key, the surgeon. He went on as favourably as could be expected considering the injuries he had received, until yesterday @morning, when he expired. The Coroner here said, that, as there was no evidence before the jury to show the cause of the @ﬁre, the inquest must be adjourned to ascertain it, if possible and, in the meantime, ordered a post-mortem examination of the body, and the inquest was accordingly adjourned until Monday evening ############################################### -An epidemic has been for some time past raging among the convicts employed in the Royal Arsenal and govern- ment dock-yard at Woolwich, and has in several instances terminated fatally. A circumstance occurred in Woolwich on Tuesday last, which excited an extraordinary degree of interest in the town and the neighbourhood, namely, the coroner for the district, C. J. Carttar, Esq., holding an in- quest on the bodies of no less than seven convicts at one time. The inquiry in question took place at the Salutation public-house, opposite to the entrance to the Royal Arsenal. The jury after being sworn proceeded with the coroner to view the bodies, which were lying in the dead-house of the Arsenal. The whole seven were lying side by side most of them were young men, and the bodies were not at all emaciated. On the breast of one was a recently drawn blister, he having been for some time past labouring under a disease of the chest. The only evidence adduced be- fore the jury was that of the medical practi- tioners engaged to attend the convicts, Mr. Hope, of New Charlton, and Mr. Bossy, of Woolwich, who stated that their deaths arose fr@om purely natural causes. Some of them had been ill several times before, and had been con@ﬁned in the hospital of the garrison. The ma- jority were @aﬀected with an a@ﬀection of the chest, accompa- nied by slight fever.r. In answer to questions by the jury, the medical gentlemen said the deceased convicts had not su@ﬀered from the e@ﬀects of the weather, as in the winter they were furnished with warm Guernsey frocks, at least those who were accustomed to wear @ﬂannel nor was there any lack of food. When the convicts were all every attention was paid them, and wine when necessary was supplied to them. One of the jury asked if there was any other evidence available, but was answered in the negative, the conviets not being allowed to give any testimony on any occasion. A verdict of Death from lever was then returned. Yesterday, Mr. Carter held a@ninquest at the George, Bank- side, on the body of Thomas Mothersell, aged 46, a private watchman, at Bankside, who was found drowned. William Poole 33 M division of police, deposed that about six o'clock on Saturday morning he saw the body of the de- ceased in the mud o@ﬀ Ba@@nkside, nearly opposite the Anchor public-house, when he, with another policeman named Henry Hart, having procured a ladder and a shutter, got down on the shore and picked op the body, which they de- posited in the skittle-ground of the George public-house. From the appearance of the body it seemed to have been in the water several hours. It was low water at the time. Witness on examining his person recognised the deceased, who was formerly a police-sergeant of the M division, and@ had been ab@out three months in his present employment as private watchman. ################################################ from the Cape of Good Hope, o@ﬀ Crookhav@en, bound to Cork, sailed the 18th Oct. Clyde, from ################# saild @16th August, St. Helena 22d Oct. Alexander John- stone, from Bengal, in the Channel, sailed 24th July, and St. Helena 18th October. ARRIVALS AT VALPARAISO. @The Mary Anne, 30th Aug., from Sydney Capricho, ######## ####### DEPARTURES FROM VALPARAISO. The Henry, @6th Sept., for Sydney Morley, 8th, for New Zealand and Sydney. ARRIVALS AT MADEIRA. The Prince Albert, 28th Nov., from London and Falmouth, sailed 2d Dec. for the Cape of Good Hope and the Mauritiu@s Lion, 6th Dec., from Newcastle, and sailed for Bombay. DEPARTURE FROM LISBON. The Sea Horse steamer, 22d December, for Van Diemen's Land. ARRIVAL AT TOMBEZ. The Sir A. Hammond whaler, 24th August, out twenty-seven months, with 500 barrels of oil had lost the master and @ﬁve of @the crew. LIVERPOOL, DEC. 31. SHIPS ARRIVED. The Ann from St. Petersburg, Balfour from Pernambuco a@nd Paralba, Jane Geary from Smyrna, Caroline from Seville, Devereaur from Quebec, and Orion from Gamla Carleby. SHIPS ENTERED FOR LOADING. The Ann and Jane for Berbice, Nicolai for Bremen, Beiram for Constantinople, Lord Panmure and Rapido for Havannah, Irish Lass for Monte Video and Buenos Ayres, Rob Roy for Philadelphia, Boli- var for Rio Janeiro, Jane for St. Thomas's, and Samaritan for Cen- stantinople and Odessa. SHIPS CLEARED OUTWARDS. The Oriental steamer for Malta and Alexandria, Prompt for Charles- ton, Belvidere for Baltimore, and Helen Jane for Batavia and Sin- ##################### The Oriental steamer for Malta and Alexandria, and James Lyon for Newtoundland. @The Devereaux, arrived at this port from Quebec, on the 27t@h of November, in lat. 46, long. 44, experienced a heavy gale, and lost bulwarks, c., and on the 2d of December, in lat. 46, long. 42, passed the Pleiades, of Whitby, timber laden, abandoned. The Balfour, arrived at this port from Pernambuco and ####### after being on shore on Mud Wharf, was got o@ﬀ without apparent damage. A schooner is aground on the West Hoyle, near the Point of Alt. O@ﬀ Holyhead, yesterday, outward bound, the Caledonia for Bo@mbay. LONDON MARKETS-THURSDAY. CORN AVERAGES. Weekly Average.-Wheat 60s 1d, Barley 32s 4d, Oats ########## 5d, Beans 40s 9d, and Peas 40s 1d. Six Weeks' Average.-Wheat 59s 10d, Barley 32s 9d, ####### Rye 34s 4d, Beans 42s 1d, and Peas 41s 6d. Duty.-Wheat 27s 8d, Barley 13s 10d, Oats 15s 3d, Rye ########## 6s 6d, and Peas 8s 0d. HAY MARKETS. ##################### was a fair supply of Hay at this @morning's market, and a steady demand was experienced, more particularly, for the middling descriptions, at about former prices. Clover, ﬁne, from @£5 to £6, middling and inferior £4 to @@£4 15s, Meadow Hay, @ﬁne, from £4 to £5, interior and middling £@3 5s to £3 17s 6d per load. There was a fair supply of Straw, but the demand being brisk the whole was soon cleared o@ﬀ at 32s to 34s per load. PORTMAN.-Old Meadow Hay 75s to 100s, Useful ditto 60s to 70s, Old Clover 100s to @118s, Wheat Straw 36s to 40s, at per load of 36 trusses. LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET, DEC. 31. Our market still remains in a rather quiet state, without any indi- cations of reduced prices, on the contrary, holders were steady, and previous rates were obtained for 3,500 bags. ###################################################################################### bers of the Blackfriars-bridge committee have deter@mined to set the public an example of what ought to ################### long ago, by presenting Mr. Prior, the indefatigable chairman of the committee, with a piece of plate, com- memorative of his exertions to make such improve@@@ments and repairs in the structure as to place it among@st the most useful and elegant of modern metropolitan ediﬁces. The following is the resolution to which the com@mittee came by acclamation at a late meeting ################# That it be recommended that the of this committee should subscribe the sum of ############# for a piece of plate, to be presented to Jonathan Charles Prior, Esq., chairman, as a testimonial of the sense of the committee of his great services during the execution of the important works for the substantial repair of Black- friars-bridge. We are requested to state, that that fashionable perio- ########################### Magazine, is about to ############# new-year, with additional charms and as this ############## public are seeking for the best and cheapest ########### proprietors of the Lady's Black@wood's ################ and Literature are determined to take the lead, and ######### whose pages will be replete with vigour and taste, calculated to en- rich the female mind, and to blend treasures of ############################# The embellishments are to be of ###################### and each number will contain from three to four ### of the newest ##################### @ﬁne #################### Scenery No. 1, of the series , and nearly 150 ########################### ### ############ is 2s. mon@thly, and the ########## by all booksellers in town and country@@. ################################# West, cutler, No. 1, St. James's-street, has forwarded to Windsor, by com@mand of his Royal Highness Prince Albert, a very elegant pair ### soles of which are formed of the @ﬁnest foreign wood, and the fasten- ings and straps of black leather, beautifully sown and lined with seat skin fur. Patronized by their Majesties the King and Qu@@een ############ and their Royal Highnesses the Princesses Augusts and Sophia, her Serene Highness the Princess Esterhazy, ######## and Rosa, her Grace the Dowager ############## their Graces the Archbishop of Canterbury and ############### and Manchester. In addition to the above ############### patronage to the newly-invented Spectacle ########## visible Operative Voice Conductor, the Messrs. S. and ####################### and aurists, 39, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly, ########################### Bank of England, feel great pleasure to ############## inventions have also gained the sanction and ############### of above four hundred of t@he principal ############### the medical profession as also of numerous ################## distinction, who have been greatly bene@ﬁted by their use. Im- medlately these improved Spectacle Lenses are placed ########### imperfect vision, it is at once brought ######## original state. Their Voice Conductor, is not the ######### nor more uncomfortable than having a piece of wool ########## the faintest whisper at a public assembly is heard ########################## Albemarle-street, opposite the ######## King William-street, Bank.-No connection with same name. BIRTHS.@@@@@ On Sunday, the 27th ult., the wife of the Hon. H. ####################### On the 31st ult., at Clapha@m park, Mrs. Stephen ############# #############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################