[OCR_toInput] I CURIOSITIES. •Cm. y it is still generally ma in tbe snow as a Christ-ginallv. in all probability i divinity, and it dates r the Thunderer. F Orchahds, still bless the orchards ding to the old verse at tbev may bare nd many a pare it they will bring wassailing. y Circs. ractised in Sweden, of rery house at Christmas or the winter provision utHeight 72 Two Only, I rge Sizs Length of Rocker , tmhes Height of Her so, 33 inehe -27 6d each. These low prioes fsr cash to effect an immediate Baler T. J ONES, 6 TO 16, NBWPOBT ROAD. MIDDLESBROUGH. n 2U sJwps and guns, and prophesying national ruin aa the penalty of neglect of those prophecies, all assume that Her Majesty's Government are deliberately determined not to maintain the navy at its prop9r strength, and yet are all quite well aware that thero is no evidence whatever in sun-port of such an assumption. In the present state of the world, and so long as inter national disputes ave left to haphazard set tlement by the nations concerned in them, instead of the maintenance of peace 1 icing regarded as a primary duty laid upon all collectively, British Governments must preserve in efficient shape aud strength the means of successful defence and it is perfectly notorious that neither Mr Glad stone's Government nor any other will neglect that duty. But it suits the grumblers, and it agrees with the party purposes of the Unionists to attack, under the guise of an exalted aud enthusiastic patriotism, tho Government of the day, for an alleged policy which they are not pursuing and have no intention of pursuing. That a great English party are capable of acting on flagrantly false pretences is another little nut to crack at Christmas time. Mr Rider Haggard, we observe, attributes the defects of the Government to a lack of imagination. They do not, through this defect, foresee the time when loud and ominous the roar of a ruined nation will roll to their ears, or when the empty bellied mob will rave its curses on the statesmen who betrayed them while, wait ing for the spoil, the peoples of the world watch the last struggles of its mightiest Empire as vultures watch a dying bull, till at last tho necessities of Nature force us to a dishonour worse than death. This is a doleful picture, aud especially so if we are to assume, with Mr Rider Haggard, that the nations of the earth are a sot of vultures greedily waiting for our spoil. Are wo, then, so utterly alone and friend less among the nations, and are they so utterly degraded as to be little better than banditti ? Happily there are signs to the contrary, for whatever may bo tho disposi tion of the governing classes the peoples are developing every year a more brotherly spirit, and every year war becomes more difficult to make without the consent of tho peoples concerned. -'TkTBAVMS TJWOD.-Ffral established 1825. - J la Patent Air-tight Tins. TATEAVES T3700D.- For Infants, Invalids, JK the Aged. and line Promotes tho healthy action ol the bowels. Bone-formingand flesh-producing. TATEAVK'8 1700n.-Well adapted for Children AM X 1 Aged People, and I Invalids. -Brit. Med. Jnl . Carefully prepared aud highly nutritious. -Lancet. child from lias thrived • FATAL STABBING CASE. A fatal stabbiug case occurred in Digbetb, Bir-raingluun on .Saturday night. A quarrel arose between some men drinking in the Pavilion Vaults, and they suddenly left tbe house. In a momentary scuffle a young follow named Met calfe fell to tbe ground, and died almost imme diately from a terrible stall in the throat inflicted by a mau not clearly identified, who got away. ALLEGED MURDER. A sad tragedy has occurred in Bolton, as the result of which an Irish Constabulary pensioner, named James M'Derby, is in custody on a charge of murdering his wife. Tbe parties, it appears, have, lived unhappily together, and only a few weeks ago the woman was sent to prison for neglecting her children. On Saturday they quarrelled, owing to her having mis-speut some money, and M 'Derby became so aggravated that he kicked her repeatedly. The unfortunate woman sustained such terrible injuries that she expired iu a few minutes. SHOCKING FATALITY AT BILLIXGHAM. The Stockton police received information on Saturday of a shocking burning fatality at Billingham. A Mrs Hildroy, aged S2, a widow, living by herself, was visited the previous evening by her granddaughter, who left the old lady apparently in her usual health. Upon going to visit her again .on Saturday morning, she dis covered her grandmother suffering from horrible burus about the head aud body, to which iujuries she succumbed in about ten minutes. It is sur mised the clothing of the unfortunate woman had got accidentally ignited. ACCIDENTALLY SHOT. f At Tenby on Saturday, a gentleman named J. B. Cooper, of Sutton Courtney, Abingdon, was handling a revolver in his apartments in South Cliff-street when one of the barrels exploded accidentally, it is believed, and the bullet entered his head and caused death. N RAVE'S XjjTOOD.-Hospital say ol a 1' deprived of its mother's milk from birth-The child lias thrived exceedingly. TKT FAVI.-S XjTOOn.-Best and Cheapest. Hi JU gold everywhere, ■WEAVE'S EffOOD.-Wholesale of the Manufac-A3 JC tnrors, J. R. Noave Co., Ford-ingbrfdge, Bnglaud. kl58 SORE THROATS CURED IN A FEW HOURS BY GARGLING WITH Condys Remedial Fluid. You aannnt nxoa better Gargle than Coudy's. -Sir IfoBZLL Mar'KEXEIU, M.D. Directions Free by Post from CONDYS FLUID WORKS, 62. TCRNMILL-STREET, E.C. iSd BURNED TO DEATH. Yesterday Hominy morning, about 3.30. a six-rooiued house in Ladywell-road, Lewisham, was dostrojod by fire. The occupier, named Ncwnham, his wife, and six children were sleep ing in the building, but all escaped except John Newnham, aged eight years, who bad got under the bed. Fireman Roach rescued the child, but it quickly succumbed. Roach was scorched. DRUIDISM AT CROFT. On Friday night, the members of the Queen Victoria Lodge held their annual dinner at the Comet Hotel. Bro. A. J. Day, N.Q.A., pre sided, aud Bro. W. II. Plews, V.G.A., occupied the vice-chair, the others present being Bros. J. Hutchinson, l'.D G.M, R. Wilson, II.C.S., J. fj. Wood, B.J., together with Mr Outwin, Mr A. Ness, Mr T. Ness, Mr Foster, Mr Cape, Mr Hill, and Mr W. Cooper.-After the usual toasts were duly honoured, Bro. Plews proposed Success to tbe Quten Victoria Lodge. -Bro. W. Grnndon secretary responded, and said tho lodge was in a pros perous condition.- Success to the Darliugton Equalised District, proposed by tho Chairman, was respouded to by Bros. J. Hutchinson, P.D.U.M., and R. Wilson, D.C.B.-Tbe rest of tbe evening was spent in harmony snl con viviality, the following brothers coofr'bntmg to th enjoyment of those present -F o . Carter, Walsh, Hutchinson. Day, Wilson, ri d others. Mr Honuc-yman aceom.umaJ. orthern Echo. TUESDAY, DECEMBER tC, IS'jS. THE NEWBOTTLE CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. The affairs of the Nmvbottle aud District Co operative Society are daily assuming a more encouraging tone, and the liquidator Mr H. R. Bailey anticipates having the present society out of liquidation and the new society launohed by the ensuing summer. The sales have not suffered to such a degree as was anticipated, the month's sales realising £3,788. The appeal to the various other co-operative societies is being steadily responded to. SCOTCH MINERS' WAGES. A telegram from Dalkeith states that as the result of a meeting between masters aud men at Newbattle it w.rs definitely arranged that tbe whole of the men would return to work, the masters to permit a five days' poliev to each of the miners who, as a body, have at the same time agreed to tofce their idle days in sections, and so keen the pits open eleven days per fortnight. The Lothian Coal Co., Limited, have at the 6ame time conceded the 20 per cent, advance which which had been conceded the other workmen after their nine weeks' strike. GARDENING NOTES. Endive. This is a most valuable and acceptable addition to salad plants in the wiuter. We value the Broad-leaved Bataviau variety more than any other salad plant we possess from November until March. We grow it largely aud exclusively. The Green Curled is pretty, but uot so useful as this excellent broad-leaved 6ort. The plants grow very large, and are very hardy. Like other endives, they require tying up a fortnight before being used, and a number ought to be tied up now for use during the latter part of this month and throughout December. Gather the loaves all together at the top, bind them round, aud tie them close with a piece of matting, aud the centres will soou become tender and cream-coloured. We always tie them when quite dry. and as the rain cannot peuetrate to the centre easily when the leaves are tied m the top we do not lose mauy plants from damp. They will bear a few degrees of frost, but in very severe wea 1 her, or just before this, the plants should be lifted, placed in cool frames, and covered over with lights. When frames were not. available wc have sometimes placed numbers of them close together on the inside border of a cool peach house, and they keep uncommonly well there. So long as they can be kept dry there is little danger of their decaying. Cabbages for Spring. When a cabbage is at its best there are few things in the way of culinary vegetables that excel it for delicacy of flavour, Rod when obtainable in first rato condition nothing is more acceptable during April sod May, before the ground gets dry. It too frequently happens that owing to summer droughts cabbages lose the delicate flavonr for which they are so highly esteemed, and other things becoming more plentiful, the cabbage is refused admittance to the i dining-room during the summer months. Those who are expected to furnish a supply early in the season, should lose no tioie in making a plantation FIRE AT SOLBERGE HALL. DAMAGES ESTIMATED AT £15,000. About two o'clock on Christmas morning a fire was discovered in a room at Solberge Hall, a distance of three miles from Northallertou. The hall is tenanted by Mr It. Clayton Swan, the master of the Sinuiugton Foxhound , but at the time of tho outbreak Mr and Mrs Swan wore on a visit to Mrs Swan's mother, Mrs Geo. W. Elliot, at Scruton Hall. The fire had originated in the library, and it spread rapidly. The North allerton and Thirsk fire brigades were summoned, but unfortunately tho supply of water was prac tically nit, and the efforts of the firemen were directed towards saving t he servants' quarters and tbe stabling and other outbuildings, but the hall was completely gutted, only the hare walls being left standing. The blazo was seen for miles away. The damage done amounts to several thousands of pounds, and includes the jewellery and hand some wedding presents which were presented to Mr and Mrs Swan on their marriage a little over a year ago. Fortunately there was no loss of life, aa the servants were rescued from tho burn ing building in their night clothes The fire seems to have originated iu the library, but nothing definite can be ascertained to account for tlie conflagration. The property is partly in sured. LATER PARTICULARS. The fire has done damage estimated at £15,000 Of this amount, Mr R. Oiayton Swan's loss is estimated at between £7,000 and £8,000, and the loss of Mr John Hutton, J.P., the chairman of North Riding Quarter Sessions, the owner of the hall, a like amount, which is only partially covered by insurance. The origin of the fire is said to be due to a pipe from a stove in the library having come in contact with the beam in tho floor beneath, and in consequence of its being overheated had iguited the beam. The fire was discovered by Mrs Bond, who acts as wet nurse to Mr Swan's infant daughter, who slept in the bedroom adjoining the library. The North allerton Fire Brigade rendered efficient service in saving the servants' quarters and in preventing the fire from spreading to the stables. They were, however, not able to utilise a new steam fire-engine which they have recently purchased in consequence of its not being complete. A plentiful supply of water was obtained close by. ANOTHER ACCOUNT. Yesterday morning Christmas Day Solberge Hall, near Northallerton, was destroyed by fire, the hall being completely gutted, aud all the valuable furniture consumed. The fire was first discovered by a nurse-maid named Mrs Bond, a little after two, when sh had oocasion to rise in order to fee-1 an infant. On looking out of the window she discovered that the adjacent part of tbe hall, namely the library was in flames. She immediately gavo the alarm to the other servants, and to Mr Aohril, secretary to Mr R. O. Swan. It was then found that the flames had got snch a hold of the library that it was hopeless with the moans at command to save tho building. Word was sent at once to Northallerton and to Thirsk for the fire brigade, and also by a rider to Mr and Mrs R. C. Swan, who have gone to Scruton Ball, the residence of Mr George W. Elliot, M.P., Mrs Swan 1 father, on Saturday to stay over the Christmas. The Northallerton Fire Brigade arrived on the scene about four o'clock, and meanwhile the servants in a great state of alarm were devoting all their energies to saving their own goods, which they threw promiscuously from the windows. The firerayidly spread in an easterly direction, as the wind was blowing from the west. From the library, where there wa a most valuable collection of books, the flames communi cated to the drawiug-room, which had lately been handsomely furnished by Mr Swan, thence the. fire penetrated to tbo boudoir above, which had also been splendidly furnished by Mr Swan since his marriage. The fire was then seen in the bedroom in the cast corner, and afterwards in the other bedroooms in the front of the hall, the last rooms to catch fire being those iu the basement iu the front of the hall, namely the dining-room, morning-room, which had also recently been newly furnished at great expense by Mr Swan. The Northallerton fire brigade was under the superintendence, of Dr. Tweedy, there being present Mr Geo. J. Robinson, Dr. Barfvum, Jas. Ward, and Jas. Guthrie, as members of the brigade, who, with other assistance, devoted their energies to pm venting the spread of the Ore to the servants' dwelling, abutting on the north of tho hall. For this purpose Dr. Tweedy and others pulled off the tiles from the servants' house to enable them to direct a stream sf water in the fire below, and thus confine the flames. The Thirsk Fire Brigade, under the conduct of Mr George Best! arrived at about S.25 a m., and rendered good assistance. The CHRIS TMASTIDE. on well-manured soil. If a ehoiceean he made, a somewhat dry spot will be better than a dampene. Plant from 20 in. to 24 in. apart according to the i y 1M , was g 0 uader by, and exhausted, about six richness of the soil and variety used. Enfield I o'clock, uvei WAR AND CHRISTMAS. While the country is overflowing with the genial sentiment peculiar to the Christmas season, friend exchanging with friend kindly greetings, and the organs of the press vising with each other in their expression of the doctrine of brotherhood and mutual kindliness, the Times is .ateadily pursuing its crusade on behalf of , n increase in destructive armaments ! With unconscious humour the Thunderer en Christmas Day publishes half a page of appeals to the fears of the nation in order to frighton it into a clamant demand for an indefinite addition to tho force of the navy. How many of us realise tho grim significance of such a conjunction, or feel k onr inmost souls as wc ought the horror of the war passions which still ravage humanity nearly two thousand years after tfco birth of the Prince of Peace ? Moral progress is indeed slow and the preachings of the Church universal fall on careless •ars. Christian folk seem indeed to have interchangeable consciences in these matters. Our eminently respectable Houses of Parliament the other day trans mitted to the French Chamber their friendly sympathy with the members on the occasion of a desperate attempt to commit wholesale slaughter among them by means of an explosive bomb. Very agreeable and creditable is this graceful incident in inter national affaire but somehow its geniality and kindliness are a little marred by the fact that a great party in both our Houses of Parliament are clamouring for an enor mous provision of murderous instruments for the express purpose of slaughtering as many Frenchmen as possible. With how tittle wisdom indeed is the world governed l and small as is the public stock of wisdom it is Gargantuan compared with the thin and almost invisible Btreak of Christian principle which is tolerated in the region of international affairs. Among many things urgently necessary to be realised at each recurring Christmas is the fact that the rulers of the world in thoir public capacities are not Christians, but are animated by feelings and principles which are tho reverse of those exemplified nd laid down by tho Prince of Peace. Mon who would not willingly defraud their neighbours of a pin or injure a worm in private life will defend and even applaud wilful rapine aud bloodshed if it is only on largo scale, and though there are signs of the gradual spread of purer and higher ideas of the duty of nation to nation, tliai spread is slow indeed. Tho agitation for the increase of the navj i, not the more respectable because it is not honestly conducted. Tho gentlemen who arc pouring forth their prayers for more ACCIDENT TO A FOUR-IN-HAND. On Saturday afternoon Lady Curzon and her son had a narrow escape from injury by the over turning of a four-in-hand on Chandlers' Hill, near Viscount Onrrou's residence near Uxbridge. Tho reins got twisted and the coachman was called to disentangle them, but somehow the coach overturned, throwing Lady Ourzon and her son to the ground. The coach fell on the coach man, breaking six ot his ribs, one of which it is feared has pierced the lung6. He lies in a pre carious etatc. Lady Curxon and hev eon escaped with only a shaking. DEATH OF MR HENRY PETTITT. Sir Henry Pettitt, the dramatist, died on Son-day from the effects of typhoid fever, contracted about a month ago. Most of his plays, which were principally melodramas, were written in collaboration with ether authors. Among the best kuown of his works are Queen's Evidence, Black Flag, The World iu collaboration with Mr Merritt and Sir Augustus Harris, Taken from Lifo, Pluck Pettitt and Aarris . In the Ranks Pettitt and Sims , Human Nature Pettitt and Harris , Harbour Lights Pettitt and Sims . The Bells of Haslemore Pettitt and Grundy , Hands Across the Sea, Faust up to Dale Pettitt aud Sims , ThoSilver Falls, London Day by Day Pettitt and Sims , A Million of Money Pettitt and Harris , A Woman's Revenge, now being played at tho Adelphi, and A Life of Pleasure Pettitt and Harris , which was produced at Drury Lane and has been transferred to the Princess's. Mr Pettitt commenced writing at the age of 22, when he was master in the classical department of the North London Collegiate School, Camden Town. Dnriug the past seventeen years he turned out more than a hundred plays, and was probably the most successful playwright of his day. AN IRONCLAD IN A HURRICANE. A GALLANT RESCUE. Lloyd's agent at Queenstown telegraphed on Saturday afternoon H.M.S. Resolution, Capt, Hall, from Portsmouth to Gibraltar to join the Mediterranian fleet, has arrived at Queenstow and reports loft Portsmouth last Monday, and on last Tuesday, when in the Bay of Biscay, en countered terrible gales, shipped heavy seas, and Biisteuaed damage about the deck. Several of the crew were injured, and a man was lost over board. The Resolution loft Portsmouth in com pany with the gunbnut Gleaner, bat lost sight of her in the gale, and did not afterwards sec her. A Portsmouth correspondent telegraphs that numbers of letters have lawn received there from the officers aud arew ef H.M.S. Resolution giving an account of tbo psle which that ship encoun tered in the Bay of Biscay. Tbo ohief defect of ships of this class is said to be that in a heavy sea they roll to a fearful extent owing to the absence of bilge blocks but if these ware pro vided m sufficient width there would be no Government dock broad enough to accommodate these vessels, consequently when the Resolution encountered the gale she relied over to such an extent that the lifeboat, whioh is hoisted 3ffft. above the load line, went under water and was carried away. Everything move-ahle on deck was washed away, while the waist of the ship suffered damage by the immense weight of the teas that fell there bet what finally induced Capt. Hall to return was a report from the engineers that the water which lodged between the barbette had poured in tons into the stoke hole, and was putting ont the fires, and as few more seaswonld have completely extinguished tho fires there was no alternative but to put back. A Queenstown correspondent telegraphing an Saturdav night says • It is difficult to obtain the names of the drowned seamen, as the crew are not allowed ashore An officer just lauded believed the name was Hmith. He states that two mon went overboard at the same time, and the captein of the gunboat Gleaner jumped overboard to the assstanoe o th #raen, and with trie aid of the lifeboat from the Resolution, saved one. The other disappeared. H.M.S. Resolution will leave for Plymouth on Sunday, there being fficieut coal at Queeest-own. Market and other Similar large growing kinds will require 24 in, Ellam's Dwarf from 18 in. to 20 in. This latter has for some years beeu our favourite variety, as it turns in quiehly, and makes few outside leaves. Let the plants down to the lower leaves in the soil, and if ary, water well. Take eave to set the plants firm In the soil. There is a knack of firming them expeditiously by inserting tho dibble a little aslant towards the plant, and ? iving it a slight tarist towards it this wHl asten the plant firm ra the soil at one turn. Keep the ground clear from weeds by frequent hoeing, preferably with trie Dutch hoe, because tho woods are not trodden down its use.-Garden TTork. Fi.oweu Bros. If the various bulbs inteuded'to beautify these in tho spring ace not planted, no time should be lost in getting them in. Unless covered by 2 or 3 inches of soil frost may injure them, and as a further preventive the beds may well be surfaced over with not less than an inch of cocoa-nut fibre or leaf soil. Spring-flowering plants not being available, the beds m y be made to present quite a bright appearance by a judicious arrangement of short neat pieces of variegated hollies, box, aueuba, mahonlas, and tree ivy. All our carpet beds have a groundwork of hardy plants, snch as sedutn gtauenm, antenuaria tomentosa, veronica repens, variegated aaabis, and hemi-aria, and these as well as the golden pyrethrum, are not disturbed, bnt the figures are filled in with juga reptaps rubra, small beetroot, sem-porvivum californium, neat sprays of coloured maliouia, box, hollies, aueuba, and ivv, with small cupressus, retinoxporas, and iris rretidis-sima variegate, the three latter being used for dotting or single prominent plants. In this manner a vary pretty effect is easily attained, and which appears to give more pleasure than even the summer oocupants did. Other con spicuous beds are also decorated in a somewhat similar manner, this being preferable to naked soil, and obviating the employment of plants that would look dull all the winter, and would, as a rule, flower when there was no one here to see hem. werything in the hall beiug destroyed, nothing but the bare walls left. Most of the furniture belonged to Mv Jno. Hutton, J.P., the landlord, and trie late occupier of the house, whioh he lot f urn wheel to Mr Swan. All the valuable presents giveu to Mr and Mrs Swan on tho oocasiou of their wedding were destroyed, together with valuable pictures and furniture, by which Bit Swan has lost about £8,090 value of goods, covered by iueurance. The rest of the furniture and house, belonging to Mr Huttou, will make the tetal damage to something lib £15,000 to £20,000. Among the pictures was one by Haywood Hardy, the celebrated animal paintsr, wbieh cost over £1,000.-inspector Uook, Thirsk, Mr Juo. Hutton, Mr R. C, Ewan, Mr and Mrs Ceok, and Misses Elliot, were early on the scene. The mamker-so? tho Northallerton Fire Brigade would have attempted to have saved 6ome of the furn'iture from tbe front rooms, bnt were pre vented, a it wes deemed dangerous- Tbe damage is partly covered by insurance. SIR RATLTON DIXON COMPANY. Sir Raylton Dixon Company inform us that they have not received four additional orders, and that unfortunately they can employ very few men for some time to onme. a g s ii in, The condition of Lord Hamilton of Dalsell is ur.ehanged. The Speaker of the House of Oemmous is progressing favourably, but his unable to leave London. Throe men were seriously injured in explosion in a saloon hot at Denmark Camberwell, on Satmday evening. The annual distribution of beef to workirO i and aged cottagers on tbo Prince of Wales's Sandringham Estate took place on Saturday, Trie remains of trie late Mr .Stanhope will be removed rom Sevenoahe to-dar, for interment at Revesby Abbey, Linos., on tbe following day. Mr Registrar Brougham has refused to reseind trie receiving order rfioently made against Captain O'Shea, described as of Yictoria-street, West minster, aud elsewhere. At Leicester, on Saturday, a dyer's labourer named Tolley, living in Blueboar-lane, Leicester, shot his wife in the head with a revolver and then cut his throat. Both are dead. 'The couple had lived unhappily together. A Dublin man named Ryan, a dyer, has been arrested in Duhliu on a charge of wife murder. The parties had been drinking, and quarrelled. Some hours later th room was entered, and the woman was found dead and the walls, floor, and furniture bloodstained. Florence Elborougri or Bailey, the barmaid at the Plough and Harrow, Hampton-street, Birm ingham, who was shot by her lover on trie 12tU inst,, died in the hospital on Christmas Day. Her assailant, who endeavoured to commit suicide, is still in a weak condition. Mr Hugh Nettlefold, of trie firm of Nettlefolds Limited , and of IfalRMd, Edgbastou, Bir mingham, died on Saturday morntng. He was a n pLew of Mr Joseph Nettlefold, the senior partner of the firm with whioh Mr Joseph Chamberlain was so long connected. The Lord-Lieutenant has reprieved the Rev. George Griffiths, on the ground of insanity. The rev. gentleman was sentenced to death at the recent Cork A .sines for the murder of his mother at Kitfiyun, on June 26. The sentence has been commuted to one of penal servitude for life At Ulster Asokes ou Thursday John and Thomas Donnelly, farmers, Collahana, oounty Armagh, who wore found guilty on Wednesday evening of coaspiring to murder their csuave. Jas. Thompson, in April last iu order to get bis share of a fortune of £5.000 left by a relative, were sentenced to seven years' ponal servitude Tbs Editor sf be M d cal Annual far ItfiO pataU out thvs pouwb it largely awed to add to trit solu bility ef many the StMM at preaaat sold, but that, in aaarirad eaatrevt. KW !M OABSVav absolute!? pure Oooov of trio higboak q tfcot the tvs Cumin™ on an packvt Oitonolate is a guarantee ot putt?. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT WEST HA4CTLSFOOL. A fire which resulted in considerable destruction of property broke oat on the premises of Sir -W. Johnson, tobaeoanist and hairdresser, of Steck-ton-strect, West Hartlepool, about half-past six on Saturday maraiog. The fire was discovered by a youth uameffr Juiratt, who gave trie alarm at the fire station. Police-inspector Craicksbank, Sergt. CaHisop, ar.d P.O. Long staff soon arrived on trie scene, but the fire wasburniug so furiously that they were unable to render any assistance. Capt. Allen, who pro eilcd to the spot wish a detachment ohnen, quickly aucoeeded in putting out trie fire. The stock, whioh included a large quantity of tobacco, cigars, and Uriristma goods, was entirely consumed, and the promises serioiwfy damaged. Mr Johnson, who estimates the value •f the stock at £608. of which £400 is havered by insurance, did not reside on he premises. MIDDLESBROUGH. At Middlesbrough the weather on Christmas Day was beautifully fine, in the morning-quite unseasonable, as some would say but those who had to go with an empty stomach and shoeless feet would appreciate tho spleudid springlike morning better than the rigours of frost and snow. In the afternoon, however, the weather changed, and rain fell heavily about three o'clock. Several bands wero early astir, playing appro priate melodies, aad at all the places of worship tho special Christmas services wero well attended. Tho usual Christmas dinner was given to the inmates of trie Workbouse, 874, trie largest number on record, partaking of an excellent repast of roast beef aud plum pudding, iu serving which the Master and Matron were assisted by Councillor W. J. Bruce, County Council or .Sey mour, Councillor Keay, Mr Allison, Mr D D. Wilson, Dr. Longbiitham, Mr iVm. Ilinton, and others. Beer acid lemonade were supplied by Mrs E. J. Weighell, of the Cleveland Bay Hotol , tea and tobacco were supplied to the adult inmates by tbs Guardians, who also provided fruit and sweets for tho youngsters. Messrs Garnet Fish also presented a supply of herb beer. Iu the evening bt. Barnabas Choir gave a musical entertainment to the inmates.-As custo mary, the Vicar of St. Hilda's Rev. J. K. Bosley distributed a quantity of provisions amongst the aged poor of the parish. The annual distribution of groceries and beef among the poor of Grangetown was made on Friday to the amount of over £50, through tho liberality of Mr James Eadie, of Burton-on-Trent, and Mrs David Evans, of Cleveland House, Grangetown. STOCKTON AND THORNABY. The weather was exceptionally mild and springlike. Late on Christmas Eve a strong south westerly wind prevailed, aud heavy showers of rain fell. The streets were, however, somowhat thronged by youths, and bands of carol singers were to be heard for several hours through out the two boroughs. Services were held on Christmas Day in a number of tho churches, and a general holiday was observed At the Workhouse the usual Christmas festivities took place, and the Workhouse presented a cheerful appearance, having been extensively decorated. At breakfast-time all tho women and children reoeived Christmas card9. the gifts of Messrs A. G. Taylor, photographers, Stockton, and Mrs Denton, of Norton Shortly after noon the whole of the inmates sat down to the usual Christmas dinner, consisting of roast beef, plum padding, c., with beer for tho adults, and lemonade, generously given by Messrs H. H. Wren A Co., for the younger portion of the inmates. The dining hall was tastefully deco rated with mottoes, festoons, he., thanks to the skilful hands of tho boys' warden Mr Hardy , Mr GUlstou, tho inmates, and others, under tho supervision of the Matron Mrs Hatcher . A number of outside friends assisted in the carving and generally looking after tbo wants of the inmates, the following being present -The Mayorand Mayoress Councillor and Mrs Langley , Mr Henry Smith, J.P. vice-chairman of tho Board of Guardians Councillor W. M. Watsen, J.P., and Master and Miss Watson, Mr ft. W. Robinson and the Misses Robinson, Mr Whittle Guardian , Kev H. Fisher, Mr George Power, Mr Joseph 1'ovaer, Mr W. T. Pescod, Mr and Sirs J. Dunthornc, Mr C. Hatcher, Mrs Gregory, Mr T. H. Marshal , Mr Stsrre, and the officers. After the substan tial dinner had been done ample justice to, oranges were distributed to tbe juveniles given by Messrs A. 3. Holmes Ce. aud tobacco and snatf among trio adults.-The proceedings ter minate..! by a hearty veto of thanks being accorded to the Mayor and Mayoress for their presence, on the motion of CoanodlorW. M. Watson, seconded by Sfr Ilenry Smith, and in reply the Mayor addressed a few kindly words to the inmates.-A vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies and gentlemen who had kindly assisted.-At the Victoria Grounds there was a fair assemblage of speotators to witness a football match between tho Stockton and Darlington football teams. It had, however, to be dis continued by reason of the raw that fell during the aftr-rneon, no score having been made ou either able. Tho inmates of the almshouses wore Uiudly remembered by Mrs Wright, Mr Jordison, and CounoiHot and Mrs Harrison, who seat generous gifts of various kinds. DARLINGTON. Christmas in Darlington w#s commemorated in mueh the same manner as in previous years, thowgh tho heavy rains and high winds of Sun day and Monday were far from what is usually understood by trie term Christmas weather. Uotij a late hear on Saturday night the main streets of tho town were unusually thronged, and the purvey uro cf Christmas fare, Christmas cards, and presents drove a thriving trade. Sunday was not marked by anything out of the usual course until late ai uigbt, when numerous parties of carol singers vridted the dwellings of many of -the principal residents. The Christmas Day morning services tt trie churches and chapels were wall attended and several special services and sacred cwncerts took place in the afternoon aad evening. At St. James's Church on Christmas Day there were 97 cernmnnicaaW at tbe early ami later celebrations. A mission service, illustrated by lantern views, was held in the peering m the parish roam, the st ject being The Story of the Nativity. ©n tbv Sunday evenings during Advent similar miepami sendees, after the service in the churpb, waTo heM, and were largely attended. Thehubject offfle addresses was The Story of Creation, Redemption, and Sanctifica-tiou, as set forth in the Apostles' Creed. Each address was illustrated by views from the paint ings of the groat masters. 'Hie inmates ef tho Darlington Workhouse, to the number ef 230, had their Christmas dinner ef roast beef and plum pudding, provided by the Guardians. The dining hall had been prettily decorated under the superintendence of tho Master and Matron Mr and Mrs Hurworth Amongst those present, and wfcw assisted in serving the dinner, were His Worship the Mayor Councillor G. W. Hprtktt , Miss Sari left, Aid. J, - llTlkcs, Mr a l Mrs cakes and oranges, and at half-past twelve the usual Christmas dinner of roast beef and pluni pudding, with beer, took place, 'the walls were tastefully decorated Uy the Master and Matron It may be state ! that the whole of the good things were provided by Mr .aud Mrs Bousou, who were accompanied by Mr Jones Guardian . BISUGP AUCKLAND. Christmas Eve was wet, changing to fine with bright moon. Christmas Day wai beautiful, with bracing breeze and bright sky, followed later by raia and thru fine weather. Services were held at the churches and at the Wesleyan Chapel, and season decoratious were observable. Salvation and Volunteer bauds and waits were about as usual, and She holiday generally was decorous and uneventful. The annual feast to the xwr children to. k place at the Temperance Hall, though unfortunately, to the general regret, Mr and Mrs H Foster of Hill Crest, wero absent through mdiype.it'cm. For many years Mr Foster has virtually born tbe founder cf i he 1 ra.-1. thiii is. be hi. raised the subscriptions and a au nn.l sue toss 1 1 d r.v 'ou of the whole. Between five and si sundred guests assembled in relays, giving i', ■ customary cheers for ail friends, receiving from Mrs Foster a pretty card each, anti being handed, further, an orange. Amougst tbe helpers were Councillor Lingford, Mr and Mrs !5. Lingford. Mrs 1 T. Proud, Mr aud Mrs F. V. Foster, Miss Burton Winchester , Misses Cleminsoa 2 Gibson, Wardle, Macnamarra, Alderson, Turnbull, We-.riconth, Savage. Strand Mrs G. Dyson, Mrs have, Messrs W. II. Foster, Sydney Poster, Jonathan Jackson, M, Brairh-wsito, M'Clymont, T. V. Smith, Ralph Hull, Jas. Robinsou, H. and W. Simpson, P Dyson, and Henderson. Messrs Cuningham who pur veyed tbe luscious beef , W. Kilbum, Joshua Moseley. Cooking, baking, he., was adroitly done by Mrs Dyson, Mr Cuniagham, and Mr J. Henderson.-At Use Workhouse the inmates bad a Royal dinner, a lar, towering Christmas tree, laden with toys, occupying the centre of the dining-hall. Councillor Peverell was a visitor, and gavo useful assistance at the table. The house is beautifully decorated, the greenery coming from the Wmdiesteoe and Whitworth Estates.-The Olive Branch Division of the Sons of Temper ance held their annual festival at the Temperance Hall, and there was an overflowing tea. waited upon, in relays, and very cheerfully, by Mrs and .Misses Gibson 21. Miss Gibsou South-road , Mrs aud Miss Gedney. Mr# aud Miss Selby. Stosdame# Souther,on, Rowe, and Hodg son, and Clough, and Miss Davison. At a crowded entertainment afterwards Bro. Joshua Moseley, Alliance secretary at Birmingham, pre sided, and gave a spirited address on the principles of the order, also giving the connective readings in a service of song.-Bro T. Clough, secretary, road a report disclos ing remarkable facts, and showing that whilst sickness and death had been stalking abroad everywhere the liandof affliction had fallau lightly on them as a society. Fourteen new members had been admitted, and the vear closed with 285, contributions ranking at £357. Applause. Sick pay had absorbed £175 10s, and one wife's death £3. The death rate of members was nil. Ap plause. Management expenses left a net profit of £95. Of cadets 38 had been a,l-mittad, and the year end showed 122 on the books. Here again there was a. profit-namely, £1910s-making a total profit on yhfi year of £115. Applause died. Applause. Tile lives numbered 480, and only one death had occurred -ora rate of only two per thousand. Applause. Over th3 five yrers the deatb rate, withaa average ! was held in the Lead Company's Schoolroom. A of oJO tires, had been 3'3-a total ol nine deaths I p U bl c meeting was heid after tea, which was ad-dressed by the Revs. W. H Gorham. T.Stephenson, K. Wilkes, Mrs evoiuug Mr G. Snggett and party gave a gro.i i concert before a large company. A s o l atraiee was held on Christmas Day hi the New Sh Inn Wesleyan Chrpel, preacher the Rev. J. Water- • house.-■ The Primitive Methodists at Old' . -'itMon had likewise a largely attcuded tea. -•• a lecture afterwards delivered by Mr 1 ilid liesbrough.-At All Saints' Church, w •h.Uon, the usaal appropriate service Cl? presebed t good congregation . £-f_ ow L r.-The customary serrioes were he'd in toe 1 arisb Church and Wesleyan Chapel in tue morning. In the evening the Wesleyan Vigilance Band held its annual mett'mg in trio I ir, ' day school, when addresses were given by M •ssr Sproatos. Nonwan, and Hillary, the eiifr being occupied by Mr Gradon. At the toae a ejlt.-e supper took place. At the Primitive I'i cd an entertainment consisting of song , solos, speeches, ami recitations was given on behalf of the Sabbath School the recently-formed string band also took part in the enter tainment. A coffee sumx-r closed the proceed ings. During the day the baud of the .Salvation Army played selections throughout the town, and the Good Templars also saug carats. Wrrros Pans.-On Christmas Eve the Baptists held special services during tlie early part of the day, and a service of song at night entitled Die Bells Across the Snow. The readings were lay Mr A. Westwood, of Bishop Auckland conduc tor, Mr G. Morgan harmoniumist, Miss P. Jenkins. On Christmas night, in tbe same place, an entertainment was given, consisting of song , solos, recitations, c. Mr Joe Pykes and party gave the sketches entitled John Mason' Rescue, and A Domineering Wife. Sougaby Miss Blackburn, Durham Miss Henderson, Witton Park and Miss Laweyers and Miss Mas-grave. High Grange, were rendered at intervals. Ilr Peacock and Miss P. Jenkins presided at the harmonium. Wl-stoate Wbardams .-Ou Saturday after noon a sale of work and Christmas tree w held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel. The opening ceremony was performed by Dr. Hewitson, of St. John's Chapel, accompanied by Mrs Hewitson, who were introduced by the Rev. R. Walton. The stall-holders were -Mrs R. Walton, Mrs Moore, Mrs John Kidd, Mrs Jos. Kidd, Mrs Freeman, Mrs Lee, Mrs J. Walton, Miss Maddison, Mrs Furness, Miss Herdman, Miss Kidd, Misses Forster, M-ss Ixonsdalc, Messrs Barkus, Furness, Moses, T. Walton, and J. Forster. A public tea and supper were also pro vided, to which a large number ol people sat down. The choir, tin ier the leadership of Mr Freeman aud Mr Kidd, rendered a choice selec tion of anthems, choruses, kc. The total pro ceeds were £87 13s 9d. Tkkmmlb.-According to usual custom the volunteers mustered in uniform, headed by the Middleton Band, and accompanied by the Hon. _ Lieut.-Col. French and Lieut. Murray, and marched to v't. Mary's Church, where the service was fully choral, the sermon being preached by the Kev. E. Swallow, of Durham, in place of the rector, who has been coffering from influenza. Tbe church was tricely deeorated, the work of tire Mi-soa Catteries and Armstrong and Messrs Hethcringtwj.-The Baptists hel l their annual festival and anniversary services, commencing Saturday e.vening, when a sacred concert was giveu in the Hude Cliapoi 'ey the choir ant Miss L.Cairns and Mr W. Thompson. Recitations were also f 'ven by the .Messrs Charles and Howard Charter. . hairmaii, Rev. W. II. Gorham, of South No cadet had j Shields, who also preached the annual sermons insured m all 011 Sunday, In tho afternoon the Sunday schoal I children gave recitations, and the choir sang sacrod anthems. On Monday the annual festival Mr ■0 4. but that, twi ■ wt of me DEATH OF MR ROBERT WADE. We have to-day to retard trio death of an old Darlington standard, i and one of tee most familiar figures ao Iriwrliugtfm market-day, woo suo uml M to a Iqnglljj- iltogss at bis rewdence, LitHc Berdan, on GSrinkmas Ray, iu his 7Sih year. Mr Wad eeroda hist .meat a ksteher with.' Mr Frank Tkeakstone, gtandfaiVer of the- pre sent head of the business in North,qate. and on tee conetosion of his of apprenticeship com menced business on he own account at Barton. Some thirty years ago he relinquished business at Barton and became the emqwer of trie farm, on which he diyd, ah Little Burden. Mv Wade was beid m high reputa by the agriculturists of the diitriot. apd was especially noted for hi excel lent results in fmdmg stock, hayrgg for years past taken prioes at the Christmas fat stock shows at the Fairfield aad other marts. He held many public offices, being the senior member of the Darlington Board f Guardians, to which he was returned as Guardian for Merton Palms in 1867. He sot on tee Pina e Assessment, Work-house Visiting, Asylum Tisilting, and Sohool At tendance Committees of the Board of Guardians and Jhc was also Chairman of Darlington Rural Sanitary Authority, irt connection with which body he held seats on the Finance, Food and Drugs, aud Legal, Coclcerton, Blackwell, Hur worth. Middleton-St.-George, and Heighington Committees. An old member of the Darlington Chamber of Agriculture, ha was ehairman of the Council of the Horso aud Dog Show. He was also vice-chairman of the Darlington Highway Board. Mr Wade bad been four times married, aud leaves a widow the sister of the late Mr Joseph Robinson, at one time proprietor of the King's Head Hotel and one son, John, who occupies a farm at Sadberge, The funeral will take place at Sadberge on Thursday. Mr John Wildsmith has been unanimously re-eleeted the operatives' representative at the Consctt Iron aad Steel Works and om of five candidates, Mir Hy. Lodge ylie tfite dele gate , Sim Wn appointed representative of tei Cohtoi-t TihipiM rpafc on the Arbitration aad faadred boAfet for trie enseiog pew. Trie Thyme 8oap Mu i Iftatsihrejsail Itnum, Ncrefi T cctt Bls d m R. M. Wilkes, Miss Wilke . Councillor T B. Swinburne, Mas and Miss Swinburne, Councillor J. Bowden, the Misses Howdeu, CouucittBr T. James, Mr R. Rogers, Mr W. Hogg Whessoe , Mrs and Miss Hogg, Mr Isaac Saw, Mr and Mrs R. R. Smith, Mr W. Robipson, Mr F. Tbeakston, Jlc and Sfre C. H. f.tiAnh, the Rev. A. Boot, Mrs Boot, Rev. A. Wild, Rev. R, Altai, Mias H, Barron, Mr A. Davidson, Mr T. Mais, Inspector Sparire N.S.P.O.C. , Mr J. W. Alnwick, See.-After full justice hgd been done to the good ttjiuga provided, WcC. H. Leach th Clerk read a letter from Mr Theodore Fry, M.P., expressing regret on behalf of himself aad Mrs Fry at not Wng uMe to bo present on that occa sion owing to A previous engagement. - Edwaud S rie, one of trie inmate , fttn proposed a vote of iriznkr. to the member of the Boabfi for their fchSttfees in paoaidieg och a feast.-The propo sition was carried by three hearty cheers.-The Mayor then ado creed the riitoates, and in the coqrse of his remarks said it was the dsssdt of every member of the Board to make thovomtefi to happy as possible at this fe ve season He also stated that he and the This was tbo average rata over 27 years Applause. -Other friends present included Messrs R. Rutherford. V. Harrison, J. Lincoln, J. Clough, R. Curtis, Buruip, Bio-nbridge, Southeron, he.-At Snuth-road Chapel there was sacred concert-Mi s M. Crawford soloist. Mr G. Dyson manipulated a series of lime light views, and Mr J. Ramsden presided. At Councillor Liugfurd's orphanage the cosy rooms were brightened with toys, decorations, and presents, of which tho children received a large share. The Baptist and Primitive ministers, and Mr Nichol, Mr Wood, c.. wero visiters and speakers.- Tile annual performance of Mrs Rayner's music pupils took place in the Edgar Memorial before a select company. Solos and dueto were undertaken with success by Misses P. Burden, L. Rowirtree, Hutchinson, Hcslop, Wil kinson, Kilhurn 2 , Redman, L. Woo-1, Rayuer 3 , M. Balgarnie, Frank, E, Brxithwnite, I. Wood, Goaw, M Callum 2 , Live-ay 2 , and Masters Proud, G Gage, and Harburu. Miss Rowutrce is a pupH of Mrs Inch, of Darlington. The High Bchool choir sang at intcivals. The Wesleyans held a sale of work in the British Schools, opened by one of the ministers. A public tea was also in the programme, and the bye-attraetiou included carol concert, magic lantern, musical drill, and maypole, under the direction of Mrs Chinn, c. RIPON. The Mayer and Corporation, in tliefr robes of office, attended service at the Cathedral, which was decorated. The Dean preach ! an appro priate sermon from St. Matthew's Gospel, ii.. 22 At the afternoon service tee Christmas portions of the Messiah Houdel were sung from, For behold to Glory to God. An address was given by the Rev. S. Reed, precentor. A special service was hold at Trinity Ckuroh, and carol services at Zion Chapel and Allhallowgate Mission Room Trinity parish . The Workhouse inmates had the customary special fare. The Bishop of Ripen preached at the Cathe dral on Sunday night iu aid of the navvy mission. NORTHALLERTON. The Northallerton Rifle and Temperaiue Bauds perambulated tho town. Tho inmates of the Cottage Hospital and the Workhouse dined off special fare. At All Saints' Church tho usual charities were dispensed by the Viear and church wardens, and there were special services, for which the church was appropriately decorated. RICHMOND. The various places of worship were decorated. At trie Parish Church Miss Wiuks sang the solos in the carols, and the Rev. A. C. Briggs rendered The Star t' Bethleham. Midnight mass was held at tbo Convent, and during Christmas Eva the Corporation Band played. The usual treat given by the Gumdiaus was held at the Work-house, which was prettily decorated, and tbe repast was served up ia splendid style by Mr apd Mrs Brierloy, the m 6tcr and matron. Assisting at tbe tables were Captain, Mrs, and Miss Geraldine Walker. Mr C. G. and Miss Tate, Major and Misses Mason, Dr. Carter and Mr Carter. Mr Wensley and the Missoe Huntoo, Sir Robert Himpson, 3itv John Hall, aad Mr William Jstmtriers. The Marchioness of Zetland gave tea, Ac., besides inviting the inmates to Aske Hall on Thursday next Mrs Roper gave tea, sugar, tobacco, and cakeo Miss Barclay, Christmas J. Charter, anil C. A. Charter. A coffee supper followed. A Christmas tree and a stall of work f irmed a great attraction to the festival On Saturday evening the Middleton Baud held n social evening in the Lead Company's schoolroom, which was well patronised. The Pride of Middleton Lodge of Druids held thoir annual festival on Saturday. A fell report will appear in tho Auckland Chronicle of this week. Hutton Rudby.-Mr and Mrs G Y. Blair have again shown their gcuerosity to the inhabi tants of Hutton Rudby and district by giving their usual Christmas gifts to the villagers Most of the families received a piece of beef, also clothes, oranges and sweets for the mothers and children. The workmen at tho hall aud on the estate b vo also been presented with a pieoe of beef and a plum isiddiog. SsnwuvtELC-Special serviees were held in the Parish Chnrch. The inmates of the Work house had special fare. Beer was sent by Mr M. Forster, J.P., Bishop Middleham ' tobacco, sweets, oranges, and apples by Dr. Sheraton and Hr Calvert eiaagcs by Mrs lawidreth fruits, sweets, and tovs by Mrs R. Robinson, Mrs Colt-1 ipnn, Mrs Adamson, Miss Viriscr . ami Mr Walker wines, Mr Fletcher, Sedgefield, and Mr Archer, South Shield sweets by Mrs W Coates. Tbe arrangements were ably carried out by Mr and Mrs Rowos the master and matron', and the children of the Workhouse had each purchased a pretty card and presented them to Mrs Bowes, as a mark of their appreciation of her kindness Wivcatb.-A Christmas tree and sale of work was opened in the Literary Institute, Wingate , on ChristmaajDay by Mrs Flecthum.lhc proceed -being in aid of the Sunday school building fundi, of the Primitive Methodists. A full report of the proceedings will be given iu Friday's Sy Jh Dtirfhvn nki Cleietend .Mcrcur . - The railway employes of tbe district held their sceou.' anuulf supper ou Saturday night at trie Queen's Hotel, Wingate. After the removal of the cloth. Mr Beatty was voted to the chair, and a most enjoy able evening was spent. Daring the evening Mr Win. Elliott was presented with the emblem of Amalgamated Society of Railway frervanfs for services rendered. GinsBnocoH.-At the Workhouse on Christman Day the inmates had an excellent dinner of roast . heel' and plum pudding, provided by the Guar dians. After dinner the men were supplied with tobacco and fruit, aud the women and children with fruit and sweets -The Primitive Methodists held a public tea in the afternoon, which was fairly attended. Thhisb.-Special services were held at ffc Parish Church and at Sowcrhy. Tho ognvl Christmas, fare was partakeu of at the Wotx-house, the diuuer being served up by Mr aud Mrs Weodhfcll iu enjoyable style, whilst the following were present to wait on the inmates -Ste Charles Mc.C. Kwarbrcck, the Misses Swarbreck, Dr. Longford, Mr Robert Holyday, Mr Parndale. Miss Farndale, Mr G, H. aud Master Hyam, Mr John Harriss, Mis- and Master Amos. Miss Smith, and Miss Walton. Bedaub.-At the Parish Church the usual charities were distributed by the rioar and churchwardens, while Sir F. A. Mubank and other geutleinen distributed their Christmas gift . Special services were held at Bedalc, Parish Church on Christmas Day. As usual Copt. Car ter, the chairman of the Bedale Bench, gave each Mayorea intendad giving Sic intastes another dinner on Now Years Day. Loud app-euse. Ho then mpvefbavAte of thanks to the officers far the excefitai way they hpdcarried out all the arrangcmMifie awi for decorating the dining hail so tastefully. 'Applause. -The motion was carried to tad acctamoften. -The Workhouse Master K r MQrwortto a T Tle 'I f nks on behaK of trie offibets, and ingoing o said they wished to make the inmates a comfortable as possible. Appbtere.V-Copfcahl Swinburne, the Rev. A. Boot, Ceireeittor J. Hawden. and Aid. Wilkes also delivered brief addresses. Beer was supplied by Mr Isaac Smith, the licensed victuallers, and Mr D. Warwick lemanaiV by Mr W. Bobtawe oranges by Mr J, Anwyll aad Mr R J. ftititthfieU Christmas cards by Messrs Bailey Co,, mi7. N. Getter, and bit T. Wood holly. kMf, by Sirs D. Date and Cel. Wilson Cliffs tehtieo by Capt. Swinburne and Mr J. owden clay pip by Mr Boston Nortbgate J. K. Wilkes aad Councillor J. o Board ? £ tor. aad l m -lay, Darlington. cfllfi ' Steel Ifi ?l£ .. DiatoVn oekton. cards Me D. Close, apples and oranges Mr ! vagrant a currant cake. At the Uaion Work-hfe Thomas M'Guinness, house the 20 inmates dined off roast beef end ' ~ plum pudding, whilo the officers were regaled with a goose. Leybubn.-The Leybum and District Brass Band paraded the town, and speoiat services were held at St. Matthew's Church, which was ejipro-pi iately deoorated. Shaw, tobacco nuts, autaaanges. At Kiobmond Barracks tSe customary festivities were hell. The Marchioness of jstlaud hoe reopened her soup lyiefcen, and ou Saturday tier Ladyship distri buted warm filter clothing amongst the aged poor of the ord town. 'tl Misses Yeoman, of Prior House, Lave boon dkriug the post two days distributing Winter comforts to several aged people in Richmond, and on Thursday they will entertain trie whole of the Infant Bchool children. BARNARD CASTLE. Late en Christmas Bee and during the early hours of Christmas massing vain fell heavily, preventing the usual amount of carol singing. Special serview wore held in St. Mary's Church - - -• ., hot! FIRE AT STOCKTON. oth places tea by AW Howden Hoys, . . the Rev. T. Law Haughton-le-Skeme . A most c., by Mrs W. J. Stewart and enjoyable day was spent by all in the house. The Christian Lay Church held the annual tea on Christmas Day, when a good number partook of the good things provided by Mrs C. Appleton, Mrs Patterson. Mrs J. Mackie, Mrs Wake, Mrs •Robinson and Mrs Law . After tea an entertain-men wt spresided over by Alderman W. Harding. Fongs were ably reudered by Messrs M'Nicholl, Cummings and Smith, and Messrs C. Reynolds and E. J. Laws mandoline solo by Miss Barker recitations by Messrs Llewellyn and Whatmongh, and instrumental selections by Miss Wilson and the Cockerton quartette. Mi s F. Smith and Mr W. Heslop presided at the piano. THE HABTLBP60L6. Christmas was observed here in a quiet meaner. On Chrietmas morning ai Mft heavily, aad the weather was intense cold, yet a large number of persons attended the early communion services held ad -both pbufqh 6 ckopaki, AB the eharehee were beautifully decoaated with ever-la Mv. early Sowing, and a fear Ml Urn former durhreJb day the wbpto ot the inmate of fee ?isr i and Holy Trinity Church, tartfortb, being tastefully decorated. The members of the P Company 2nd Vol. Baft. D L L marched to and from the former churo'a in the morning, headed by their haad. The usnal treat of roast beef aud pluui pudding wa given to the inmates ol' trie Teesdale Union Workhouse, and the fostjsNtia6 were continued in trie evening. A public entertainment was provided at night hy the yotme pcopto of the Primitive Methodist Society. Mr A. Hilton presiding over a large and appreciative audience. Part 1. consisted of miscellaneous items, and a Christmas cantata, The Frost Qneoa, made up a g o-.l second par-t. the characters being ably represented. The third part was a performance by twelve members of the Boys' Brigade hy kind permission of the Rev. A, H. Ford . Some interesting drill exercises were gone through in a most creditable manner, under tho command of Sergt. Quelch, of tbe 3rd D.L.I. Shildok.-At the Parish Church of St. John's special aud appropriate services were held, the offertory being devoted to the fund for the sick and aged. The Wesleyan Methodists at Old Shitdon had their annual bazaar, its object on this occasion being to raise funds for the Sunday School Building Extension Fund. Mr Kellet, of Bishop Auckland, appropriately discharged the opening function. Mesdames Marquis, Rod, Ritsoii, Brown, Richardson, And Jameson, the Misses Ritoon, Mabev, Brunskiil, James, and Tyson presided over the variant stalls, and were tMy assisted by M rs Rttoou, Watson, Robson, Muggeridge, Coaxes, Smedloy, and Brabben. A grand conoert was given in trie evening by the New Bbildon Wadeyan Choir, tindor the leadership of Mr WT Metcalfe.-The Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants hod their annual tea, and afterwards ad journed to a ouncert given by tho Tem perance Brass Band, under the leadership •t Mr W, Gibbon, the proceeds of tea and concert to ba given to rise orphan fund. A eale of work wa opened on Saturday in the New Shitdoa Wesieyeu Schools, and continued on Christmas Day. On Saturday Ob Sunday morning, the extensive warehooee of Messrs Richardson k Cellitt, general and fancy goods dealers ia Prince Regent-street, Stockton, was burnt. About 1.40 a m. P.O. Feat her.stone observe! that the building was ou fire aad promptly communicated with the fire brigade. The lire station being situated in the nsut street the brigade, with engine, hosereel, and steamer, under the command of Capt. Appleby, were able to be ou the spot within a minute after the information was received. The building was in a mass of damns, and the effort of the brigade were meinly direutod to saving the adjacent property, and having a goad supply ef water they were able to confine the conflagration to the warehouse. Nearly tbe whole of the stock was burnt, and the building was considerably damaged, nothing but ths walls remaining. It is uot known how the fire originated. The stock is insured. NORTHERN IRON TRADE THE OPERATIVES AND THB SLIDING SCALE. A special private meeting of the operative delegates of the North of England Board of Conciliation and Arbitration for trie Iron ntid Steel Trade was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Dar lington, on Saturday, to consider the offer of the employers made at the last meeting-the renewal of the sliding-scale on the old basis. Tbe whole of the works of the North of England were represented, and Mr William Kettley pre sided. There was a strong feeling that certain action of the Stockton Malleable Company hoc the offer of the employers made it difficult for tbe operatives to favourably consider th employers' offer or to accept it. After a long disenaskm, however, it was unanimously re solved that the operative could not accept the offer of the employers until the action of tbe Stockton Malleable C.nnpauy was thoroughly gone ioto, and a guarantee given that in tbe eve of the workmen accepting tbe offer of th employers, it should be strictly adhered to, and that no firm should endeavour to induce the workmen to aocopt a private reduction during the oonfiiiuanee of toe scale. A rosolurion was aW passed to tbe effect that the question of tbo shortening of hnnrs in the iron and steel mills in the district should be dealt with. A. .V
[OCR_aligned] I CURIOSITIES. •Cm. y it is still generally ma in tbe snow as a Christ-ginallv. in all probability i divinity, and it dates r the Thunderer. F Orchahds, still bless the orchards ding to the old verse at tbev may bare nd many a pare it they will bring wassailing. y Circs. ractised in Sweden, of rery house at Christmas or the winter provision utHeight 72 Two Only, I rge Sizs Length of Rocker@@ @, @tmhes Height of Her so, 33 inehe -27@ 6d each. These low prioes fsr cash to effect an immediate Baler T. J ONES, 6 TO 16, NBWPOBT ROAD. MIDDLESBROUGH. n 2U sJwps and guns, and prophesying national ruin aa the penalty of neglect of those prophecies, all assume that Her Majesty's Government are deliberately determined not to maintain the navy at its prop9r strength, and yet are all quite well aware that thero is no evidence whatever in sun-@port of such an assumption. In the present state of the world, and so long as inter@ national disputes ave left to haphazard set@ tlement by the nations concerned in them, instead of the maintenance of peace 1 icing regarded as a primary duty laid upon all collectively, British Governments must preserve in efficient shape aud strength the means of successful defence and it is perfectly notorious that neither Mr Glad stone's Government nor any other will neglect that duty. But it suits the grumblers, and it agrees with the party purposes of the Unionists to attack, under the guise of an exalted aud enthusiastic patriotism, tho Government of the day, for an alleged policy which they are not pursuing and have no intention of pursuing. That a great English party are capable of acting on flagrantly false pretences is another little nut to crack at Christmas time. Mr Rider Haggard, we observe, attributes the defects of the Government to a lack of imagination. They do not, through this defect, foresee the time when loud and ominous the roar of a ruined nation will roll to their ears, or when the empty@ bellied mob will rave its curses on the statesmen who betrayed them while, wait@ ing for the spoil, the peoples of the world watch the last struggles of its mightiest Empire as vultures watch a dying bull, till at last tho necessities of Nature force us to a dishonour worse than death. This is a doleful picture, aud especially so if we are to assume, with Mr Rider Haggard, that the nations of the earth are a sot of vultures greedily waiting for our spoil. Are wo, then, so utterly alone and friend@ less among the nations, and are they so utterly degraded as to be little better than banditti ? Happily there are signs to the contrary, for whatever may bo tho disposi@ tion of the governing classes the peoples are developing every year a more brotherly spirit, and every year war becomes more difficult to make without the consent of tho peoples concerned. -'TkTBAVMS TJWOD.-Ffral established 1825. - J la Patent Air-tight Tins. TATEAVES T3700D.- For Infants, Invalids, @JK the Aged. and line Promotes tho healthy action ol the bowels. Bone-forming@and flesh-producing. TATEAVK'8 1700n.-@Well adapted for Children AM X 1 Aged People, and I Invalids. -Brit. Med. Jnl . Carefully prepared aud highly nutritious. -Lancet. child from lias thrived • FATAL STABBING CASE. A fatal stabbiug case occurred in Digbetb, Bir-raingluun on .Saturday night. A quarrel arose between some men drinking in the Pavilion Vaults, and they suddenly left tbe house. In a momentary scuffle a young follow named Met@ calfe fell to tbe ground, and died almost imme@ diately from a terrible stall in the throat inflicted by a mau not clearly identified, who got away. ALLEGED MURDER. A sad tragedy has occurred in Bolton, as the result of which an Irish Constabulary pensioner, named James M'Derby, is in custody on a charge of murdering his wife. Tbe parties, it appears, have, lived unhappily together, and only a few weeks ago the woman was sent to prison for neglecting her children. On Saturday they quarrelled, owing to her having mis-speut some money, and M 'Derby became so aggravated that he kicked her repeatedly. The unfortunate woman sustained such terrible injuries that she expired iu a few minutes. SHOCKING FATALITY AT BILLIXGHAM. The Stockton police received information on Saturday of a shocking burning fatality at Billingham. A Mrs Hildroy, aged S2, a widow, living by herself, was visited the previous evening by her granddaughter, who left the old lady apparently in her usual health. Upon going to visit her again .on Saturday morning, she dis@ covered her grandmother suffering from horrible burus about the head aud body, to which iujuries she succumbed in about ten minutes. It is sur@ mised the clothing of the unfortunate woman had got accidentally ignited. ACCIDENTALLY SHOT. f At Tenby on Saturday, a gentleman named J. B. Cooper, of Sutton Courtney, Abingdon, was handling a revolver in his apartments in South Cliff-street when one of the barrels exploded accidentally, it is believed, and the bullet entered his head and caused death. N RAVE'S XjjTOOD.-Hospital say ol a 1' deprived of its mother's milk from birth-@The child lias thrived exceedingly. TKT FAVI.-S XjTOOn.-Best and Cheapest. Hi JU gold everywhere, ■WEAVE'S EffOOD.-Wholesale of the Manufac-A3 JC tnrors, J. R. Noave Co., Ford-ingbrfdge, Bnglaud. kl58 SORE THROATS CURED IN A FEW HOURS BY GARGLING WITH Condys Remedial Fluid. You aannnt @nxoa better Gargle than Coudy's. -Sir IfoBZLL Mar'KEXEIU, M.D. Directions Free by Post from CONDY@S FLUID WORKS, 62. TCRNMILL-STREET, E.C. iSd BURNED TO DEATH. Yesterday Hominy morning, about 3.30. a six-rooiued house in Ladywell-road, Lewisham, was dostrojod by fire. The occupier, named Ncwnham, his wife, and six children were sleep@ ing in the building, but all escaped except John Newnham, aged eight years, who bad got under the bed. Fireman Roach rescued the child, but it quickly succumbed. Roach was scorched. DRUIDISM AT CROFT. On Friday night, the members of the Queen Victoria Lodge held their annual dinner at the Comet Hotel. Bro. A. J. Day, N.Q.A., pre@ sided, aud Bro. W. II. Plews, V.G.A., occupied the vice-chair, the others present being Bros. J. Hutchinson, l'.D G.M@, R. Wilson, II.C.S., J. fj. Wood, B.J., together with Mr Outwin, Mr A. Ness, Mr T. Ness, Mr Foster, Mr Cape, Mr Hill, and Mr W. Cooper.-After the usual toasts were duly honoured, Bro. Plews proposed Success to tbe Quten Victoria Lodge. -Bro. W. Grnndon secretary responded, and said tho lodge was in a pros@ perous condition.- Success to the Darliugton Equalised District, proposed by tho Chairman, was respouded to by Bros. J. Hutchinson, P.D.U.M., and R. Wilson, D.C.B.-Tbe rest of tbe evening was spent in harmony snl con@ viviality, the following brothers coofr'bnt@mg to th@ enjoyment of those present -F o . Carter, Walsh, Hutchinson. Day, Wilson, ri d others. Mr Honuc-yman aceom.umaJ. orthern Echo. TUESDAY, DECEMBER tC, IS'jS. THE NEWBOTTLE CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. The affairs of the Nmvbottle aud District Co@ operative Society are daily assuming a more encouraging tone, and the liquidator Mr H. R. Bailey anticipates having the present society out of liquidation and the new society launohed by the ensuing summer. The sales have not suffered to such a degree as was anticipated, the month's sales realising £3,788. The appeal to the various other co-operative societies is being steadily responded to. SCOTCH MINERS' WAGES. A telegram from Dalkeith states that as the result of a meeting between masters aud men at Newbattle it w.rs definitely arranged that tbe whole of the men would return to work, the masters to permit a five days' poliev to each of the miners who, as a body, have at the same time agreed to tofce their idle days in sections, and so keen the pits open eleven days per fortnight. The Lothian Coal Co., Limited, have at the 6ame time conceded the 20 per cent, advance which which had been conceded the other workmen after their nine weeks' strike. GARDENING NOTES. Endive. This is a most valuable and acceptable addition to salad plants in the wiuter. We value the Broad-leaved Bataviau variety more than any other salad plant we possess from November until March. We grow it largely aud exclusively. The Green Curled is pretty, but uot so useful as this excellent broad-leaved 6ort. The plants grow very large, and are very hardy. Like other endives, they require tying up a fortnight before being used, and a number ought to be tied up now for use during the latter part of this month and throughout December. Gather the loaves all together at the top, bind them round, aud tie them close with a piece of matting, aud the centres will soou become tender and cream-@coloured. We always tie them when quite dry. and as the rain cannot peuetrate to the centre easily when the leaves are tied @m the top we do not lose mauy plants from damp. They will bear a few degrees of frost, but in very severe wea 1 her, or just before this, the plants should be lifted, placed in cool frames, and covered over with lights. When frames were not. available wc have sometimes placed numbers of them close together on the inside border of a cool peach house, and they keep uncommonly well there. So long as they can be kept dry there is little danger of their decaying. Cabbages for Spring. When a cabbage is at its best there are few things in the way of culinary vegetables that excel it for delicacy of flavour, Rod when obtainable in first rato condition nothing is more acceptable during April sod May, before the ground gets dry. It too frequently happens that owing to summer droughts cabbages lose the delicate flavonr for which they are so highly esteemed, and other things becoming more plentiful, the cabbage is refused admittance to the i dining-room during the summer months. Those who are expected to furnish a supply early in the season, should lose no tioie in making a plantation FIRE AT SOLBERGE HALL. DAMAGES ESTIMATED AT £15,000. About two o'clock on Christmas morning a fire was discovered in a room at Solberge Hall, a distance of three miles from Northallertou. The hall is tenanted by Mr It. Clayton Swan, the master of the Sinuiugton Foxhound , but at the time of tho outbreak Mr and Mrs Swan wore on a visit to Mrs Swan's mother, Mrs Geo. W. Elliot, at Scruton Hall. The fire had originated in the library, and it spread rapidly. The North@ allerton and Thirsk fire brigades were summoned, but unfortunately tho supply of water was prac@ tically nit, and the efforts of the firemen were directed towards saving t he servants' quarters and tbe stabling and other outbuildings, but the hall was completely gutted, only the hare walls being left standing. The blazo was seen for miles away. The damage done amounts to several thousands of pounds, and includes the jewellery and hand@ some wedding presents which were presented to Mr and Mrs Swan on their marriage a little over a year ago. Fortunately there was no loss of life, aa the servants were rescued from tho burn@ ing building in their night clothes@ The fire seems to have originated iu the library, but nothing definite can be ascertained to account for tlie conflagration. The property is partly in@ sured. LATER PARTICULARS. The fire has done damage estimated at £15,000@ Of this amount, Mr R. Oiayton Swan's loss is estimated at between £7,000 and £8,000, and the loss of Mr John Hutton, J.P., the chairman of North Riding Quarter Sessions, the owner of the hall, a like amount, which is only partially covered by insurance. The origin of the fire is said to be due to a pipe from a stove in the library having come in contact with the beam in tho floor beneath, and in consequence of its being overheated had iguited the beam. The fire was discovered by Mrs Bond, who acts as wet nurse to Mr Swan's infant daughter, who slept in the bedroom adjoining the library. The North@ allerton Fire Brigade rendered efficient service in saving the servants' quarters and in preventing the fire from spreading to the stables. They were, however, not able to utilise a new steam fire-engine which they have recently purchased in consequence of its not being complete. A plentiful supply of water was obtained close by. ANOTHER ACCOUNT. Yesterday morning Christmas Day Solberge Hall, near Northallerton, was destroyed by fire, the hall being completely gutted, aud all the valuable furniture consumed. The fire was first discovered by a nurse-maid named Mrs Bond, a little after two, when sh@ had oocasion to rise in order to fee-1 an infant. On looking out of the window she discovered that the adjacent part of tbe hall, namely the library was in flames. She immediately gavo the alarm to the other servants, and to Mr Aohril, secretary to Mr R. O. Swan. It was then found that the flames had got snch a hold of the library that it was hopeless with the moans at command to save tho building. Word was sent at once to Northallerton and to Thirsk for the fire brigade, and also by a rider to Mr and Mrs R. C. Swan, who have gone to Scruton Ball, the residence of Mr George W. Elliot, M.P., Mrs Swan 1 father, on Saturday to stay over the Christmas. The Northallerton Fire Brigade arrived on the scene about four o'clock, and meanwhile the servants in a great state of alarm were devoting all their energies to saving their own goods, which they threw promiscuously from the windows. The fire@rayidly spread in an easterly direction, as the wind was blowing from the west. From the library, where there wa@ a most valuable collection of books, the flames communi@ cated to the drawiug-room, which had lately been handsomely furnished by Mr Swan, thence the. fire penetrated to tbo boudoir above, which had also been splendidly furnished by Mr Swan since his marriage. The fire was then seen in the bedroom in the cast corner, and afterwards in the other bedroooms in the front of the hall, the last rooms to catch fire being those iu the basement iu the front of the hall, namely the dining-room, morning-room, which had also recently been newly furnished at great expense by Mr Swan. The Northallerton fire brigade was under the superintendence, of Dr. Tweedy, there being present Mr Geo. J. Robinson, Dr. Barfvum, Jas. Ward, and Jas. Guthrie, as members of the brigade, who, with other assistance, devoted their energies to pm venting the spread of the Ore to the servants' dwelling, abutting on the north of tho hall. For this purpose Dr. Tweedy and others pulled off the tiles from the servants' house to enable them to direct a stream sf water in the fire below, and thus confine the flames. The Thirsk Fire Brigade, under the conduct of Mr George Best! arrived at about S.25 a m., and rendered good assistance. The CHRIS TMASTIDE. on well-manured soil. If a ehoiceean he made, a somewhat dry spot will be better than a damp@ene. Plant from 20 in. to 24 in. apart according to the i y 1M , was g 0 uader by, and exhausted, about six richness of the soil and variety used. Enfield I o'clock, uvei WAR AND CHRISTMAS. While the country is overflowing with the genial sentiment peculiar to the Christmas season, friend exchanging with friend kindly greetings, and the organs of the press vising with each other in their expression of the doctrine of brotherhood and mutual kindliness, the Times is .ateadily pursuing its crusade on behalf of , n increase in destructive armaments ! With unconscious humour the Thunderer en Christmas Day publishes half a page of appeals to the fears of the nation in order to frighton it into a clamant demand for an indefinite addition to tho force of the navy. How many of us realise tho grim significance of such a conjunction, or feel @k onr inmost souls as wc ought the horror of the war passions which still ravage humanity nearly two thousand years after tfco birth of the Prince of Peace ? Moral progress is indeed slow and the preachings of the Church universal fall on careless •ars. Christian folk seem indeed to have interchangeable consciences in these matters. Our eminently respectable Houses of Parliament the other day trans@ mitted to the French Chamber their friendly sympathy with the members on the occasion of a desperate attempt to commit wholesale slaughter among them by means of an explosive bomb. Very agreeable and creditable is this graceful incident in inter@ national affaire but somehow its geniality and kindliness are a little marred by the fact that a great party in both our Houses of Parliament are clamouring for an enor@ mous provision of murderous instruments for the express purpose of slaughtering as many Frenchmen as possible. With how tittle wisdom indeed is the world governed l and small as is the public stock of wisdom it is Gargantuan compared with the thin and almost invisible Btreak of Christian principle which is tolerated in the region of international affairs. Among many things urgently necessary to be realised at each recurring Christmas is the fact that the rulers of the world in thoir public capacities are not Christians, but are animated by feelings and principles which are tho reverse of those exemplified @nd laid down by tho Prince of Peace. Mon who would not willingly defraud their neighbours of a pin or injure a worm in private life will defend and even applaud wilful rapine aud bloodshed if it is only on@@ largo scale, and though there are signs of the gradual spread of purer and higher ideas of the duty of nation to nation, tliai spread is slow indeed. Tho agitation for the increase of the navj i, not the more respectable because it is not honestly conducted. Tho gentlemen who arc pouring forth their prayers for more ACCIDENT TO A FOUR-IN-HAND. On Saturday a@fternoon Lady Curzon and her son had a narrow escape from injury by the over@ turning of a four-in-hand on Chandlers' Hill, near Viscount@ Onrrou's residence near Uxbridge. Tho reins got twisted and the coachman was called to disentangle them, but somehow the coach overturned, throwing Lady Ourzon and her son to the ground. The coach fell on the coach@ man, breaking six ot his ribs, one of which it is feared has pierced the lung6. He lies in a pre@ carious etatc. Lady Curxon and hev eon escaped with only a shaking. DEATH OF MR HENRY PETTITT. Sir Henry Pettitt, the dramatist, died on Son-@day from the effects of typhoid fever, contracted about a month ago. Most of his plays, which were principally melodramas, were written in collaboration with ether authors. Among the best kuown of his works are Queen's Evidence, Black Flag, The World iu collaboration with Mr Merritt and Sir Augustus Harris, Taken from Lifo, Pluck Pettitt and Aarris . In the Ranks Pettitt and Sims , Human Nature Pettitt and Harris , Harbour Lights Pettitt and Sims . The Bells of Haslemore Pettitt and Grundy , Hands Across the Sea, Faust up to Dale Pettitt aud Sims , Th@oSilver Falls, London Day by Day Pettitt and Sims , A Million of Money Pettitt and Harris , A Woman's Revenge, now being played at tho Adelphi, and A Life of Pleasure Pettitt and Harris , which was produced at Drury Lane and has been transferred to the Princess's. Mr Pettitt commenced writing at the age of 22, when he was master in the classical department of the North London Collegiate School, Camden Town. Dnriug the past seventeen years he turned out more than a hundred plays, and was probably the most successful playwright of his day. AN IRONCLAD IN A HURRICANE. A GALLANT RESCUE. Lloyd's agent at Queenstown telegraphed on Saturday afternoon H.M.S. Resolution, Capt, Hall, from Portsmouth to Gibraltar to join the Mediterranian fleet, has arrived at Queenstow@ and reports loft Portsmouth last Monday, and on last Tuesday, when in the Bay of Biscay, en@ countered terrible gales, shipped heavy seas, and Biisteuaed damage about the deck. Several of the crew were injured, and a man was lost over@ board. The Resolution loft Portsmouth in com@ pany with the gunbnut Gleaner, bat lost sight of her in the gale, and did not afterwards sec her. A Portsmouth correspondent telegraphs that numbers of letters have lawn received there from the officers aud arew ef H.M.S. Resolution giving an account of tbo psle which that ship encoun@ tered in the Bay of Biscay. Tbo ohief defect of ships of this class is said to be that in a heavy sea they roll to a fearful extent owing to the absence of bilge blocks but if these ware pro@ vided @m sufficient width there would be no Government dock broad enough to accommodate these vessels, consequently when the Resolution encountered the gale she relied over to such an extent that the lifeboat, whioh is hoisted 3ffft. above the load line, went under water and was carried away. Everything move-@ahle on deck was washed away, while the waist of the ship suffered damage by the immense weight of the teas that fell there bet what finally induced Capt. Hall to return was a report from the engineers that the water which lodged between the barbette had poured in tons into the stoke hole, and was putting ont the fires, and as few more seas@wonld have completely extinguished tho fires there was no alternative but to put back. A Queenstown correspondent telegraphing an Saturdav night says • It is difficult to obtain the names of the drowned seamen, as the crew are not allowed ashore@ An officer just lauded believed the name was Hmith. He states that two mon went overboard at the same time, and the captein of the gunboat Gleaner jumped overboard to the assstanoe o th #raen, and with trie aid of the lifeboat from the Resolution, saved one. The other disappeared. H.M.S. Resolution will leave for Plymouth on Sunday, there being @@@@fficieut coal at Queeest-own. Market and other Similar large growing kinds will require 24 in, Ellam's Dwarf from 18 in. to 20 in. This latter has for some years beeu our favourite variety, as it turns in quiehly, and makes few outside leaves. Let the plants down to the lower leaves in the soil, and if ary, water well. Take eave to set the plants firm In the soil. There is a knack of firming them expeditiously by inserting tho dibble a little aslant towards the plant, and ? iving it a slight tarist towards it this w@Hl @asten the plant firm ra the soil at one turn. Keep the ground clear from weeds by frequent hoeing, preferably with trie Dutch hoe, because tho woods are not trodden down its use.-Garden TTork. Fi.oweu Bros. If the various bulbs inteuded'to beautify these in tho spring ace not planted, no time should be lost in getting them in. Unless covered by 2 or 3 inches of soil frost may injure them, and as a further preventive the beds may well be surfaced over with not less than an inch of cocoa-nut fibre or leaf soil. Spring-flowering plants not being available, the beds m y be made to present quite a bright appearance by a judicious arrangement of short neat pieces of variegated hollies, box, aueuba, mahonlas, and tree ivy. All our carpet beds have a groundwork of hardy plants, snch as sedutn gtauenm, antenuaria tomentosa, veronica repens, variegated aaabis, and he@mi-@aria, and these as well as the golden pyrethrum, are not disturbed, bnt the figures are filled in with @juga reptaps rubra, small beetroot, sem-@porvivum californi@um, neat sprays of coloured maliouia, box, hollies, aueuba, and ivv, with small cupressus, retinoxporas, and iris rretidis-@sima variegate, the three latter being used for dotting or single prominent plants. In this manner a vary pretty effect is easily attained, and which appears to give more pleasure than even the summer oocupants did. Other con@ spicuous beds are also decorated in a somewhat similar manner, this being preferable to naked soil, and obviating the employment of plants that would look dull all the winter, and would, as a rule, flower when there was no one here to see hem. werything in the hall beiug destroyed, nothing but the bare walls left. Most of the furniture belonged to Mv Jno. Hutton, J.P., the landlord, and trie late occupier of the house, whioh he lot f urn wheel to Mr Swan. All the valuable presents giveu to Mr and Mrs Swan on tho oocasiou of their wedding were destroyed, together with valuable pictures and furniture, by which Bit Swan has lost about £8,090 value of goods, covered by iueurance. The rest of the furniture and house, belonging to Mr Huttou, will make the tetal damage to something li@b £15,000 to £20,000. Among the pictures was one by Haywood Hardy, the celebrated animal paintsr, wbieh cost over £1,000.-inspector Uook, Thirsk, Mr Juo. Hutton, Mr R. C, Ewan, Mr and Mrs Ceok, and Misses Elliot, were early on the scene. The mamker-so? tho Northallerton Fire Brigade would have attempted to have saved 6ome of the furn'iture from tbe front rooms, bnt were pre@ vented, a@ it wes deemed dangerous- Tbe damage is partly covered by insurance. SIR RATLTON DIXON COMPANY. Sir Raylton Dixon Company inform us that they have not received four additional orders, and that unfortunately they can employ very few men for some time to on@@me. a g s ii in, The condition of Lord Hamilton of Dalsell is ur.ehanged. The Speaker of the House of Oemmous is progressing favourably, but his unable to leave London. Throe men were seriously injured in@@@@@@ explosion in a saloon hot at Denmark@@@@@@ Camberwell, on Sat@mday evening. The annual distribution of beef to workirO i and aged cottagers on tbo Prince of Wales's Sandringham Estate took place on Saturday, Trie remains of trie late Mr .Stanhope will be removed @rom Sevenoahe to-dar, for interment at Revesby Abbey, Linos., on tbe following day. Mr Registrar Brougham has refused to reseind trie receiving order rfioently made against Captain O'Shea, described as of Yictoria-street, West@ minster, aud elsewhere. At Leicester, on Saturday, a dyer's labourer named Tolley, living in Blueboar-lane, Leicester, shot his wife in the head with a revolver and then cut his throat. Both are dead. 'The couple had lived unhappily together. A Dublin man named Ryan, a dyer, has been arrested in Duhliu on a charge of wife murder. The parties had been drinking, and quarrelled. Some hours later th@ room was entered, and the woman was found dead and the walls, floor, and furniture bloodstained. Florence Elborougri or Bailey, the barmaid at the Plough and Harrow, Hampton-street, Birm@ ingham, who was shot by her lover on trie 12tU inst,, died in the hospital on Christmas Day. Her assailant, who endeavoured to commit suicide, is still in a weak condition. Mr Hugh Nettlefold, of trie firm of Nettlefolds Limited , and of IfalRMd, Edgbastou, Bir@ mingham, died on Saturday morntng. He was a n pLew of Mr Joseph Nettlefold, the senior partner of the firm with whioh Mr Joseph Chamberlain was so long connected. The Lord-Lieutenant has reprieved the Rev. George Griffiths, on the ground of insanity. The rev. gentleman was sentenced to death at the recent Cork A .sines for the murder of his mother at Kitfiyun, on June 26. The sentence has been commuted to one of penal servitude for life@ At Ulster As@okes ou Thursday John and Thomas Donnelly, farmers, Collahana, oounty Armagh, who wore found guilty on Wednesday evening of coaspiring to murder their csuave. Jas. Thompson, in April last iu order to get bis share of a fortune of £5.000 left by a relative, were sentenced to seven years' ponal servitude@ Tbs Editor sf @be M d cal Annual far ItfiO pataU out thvs pouwb it largely awed to add to trit solu@ bility ef many the StMM at preaaat sold, but that, in aaarirad eaatrevt. KW !M OABSVav absolute!? pure Oooov of trio higboak q tfcot the tvs Cumin™ on an packvt Oitonolate is a guarantee ot putt?. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE AT WEST HA4CTLSFOOL. A fire which resulted in considerable destruction of property broke oat on the premises of Sir -W. Johnson, tobaeoanist and hairdresser, of Steck-@ton-strect, West Hartlepool, about half-past six on Saturday maraiog. The fire was discovered by a youth uameffr Juiratt, who gave trie alarm at the fire station. Police-inspector Craicksbank, Sergt. C@aHisop, ar.d P.O. Long staff soon arrived on trie scene, but the fire was@burniug so furiously that they were unable to render any assistance. Capt. Allen, who pro eilcd to the spot wish a detachment o@hnen, quickly aucoeeded in putting out trie fire. The stock, whioh included a large quantity of tobacco, cigars, and Uriristma@ goods, was entirely consumed, and the promises serioiwfy damaged. Mr Johnson, who estimates the value •f the stock at £608. of which £400 is havered by insurance, did not reside on @he premises. MIDDLESBROUGH. At Middlesbrough the weather on Christmas Day was beautifully fine, in the morning-quite unseasonable, as some would say but those who had to go with an empty stomach and shoeless feet would appreciate tho spleudid springlike morning better than the rigours of frost and snow. In the afternoon, however, the weather changed, and rain fell heavily about three o'clock. Several bands wero early astir, playing appro@ priate melodies, aad at all the places of worship tho special Christmas services wero well attended. Tho usual Christmas dinner was given to the inmates of trie Workbouse, 874, trie largest number on record, partaking of an excellent repast of roast beef aud plum pudding, iu serving which the Master and Matron were assisted by Councillor W. J. Bruce, County Council or .Sey@ mour, Councillor Keay, Mr Allison, Mr D@ D. Wilson, Dr. Longbiitham, Mr iVm. Ilinton, and others. Beer acid lemonade were supplied by Mrs E. J. Weighell, of the Cleveland Bay Hotol , tea and tobacco were supplied to the adult inmates by tbs Guardians, who also provided fruit and sweets for tho youngsters. Messrs Garnet Fish also presented a supply of herb beer. Iu the evening bt. Barnabas Choir gave a musical entertainment to the inmates.-As custo@ mary, the Vicar of St. Hilda's Rev. J. K. Bosley distributed a quantity of provisions amongst the aged poor of the parish. The annual distribution of groceries and beef among the poor of Grangetown was made on Friday to the amount of over £50, through tho liberality of Mr James Eadie, of Burton-on-Trent, and Mrs David Evans, of Cleveland House, Grangetown. STOCKTON AND THORNABY. The weather was exceptionally mild and springlike. Late on Christmas Eve a strong south@ westerly wind prevailed, aud heavy showers of rain fell. The streets were, however, somowhat thronged by youths, and bands of carol singers were to be heard for several hours through@ out the two boroughs. Services were held on Christmas Day in a number of tho churches, and a general holiday was observed@ At the Workhouse the usual Christmas festivities took place, and the Workhouse presented a cheerful appearance, having been extensively decorated. At breakfast-time all tho women and children reoeived Christmas card9. the gifts of Messrs A. G. Taylor, photographers, Stockton, and Mrs Denton, of Norton@ Shortly after noon the whole of the inmates sat down to the usual Christmas dinner, consisting of roast beef, plum padding, c., with beer for tho adults, and lemonade, generously given by Messrs H. H. Wren A Co., for the younger portion of the inmates. The dining hall was tastefully deco@ rated with mottoes, festoons, he., thanks to the skilful hands of tho boys' warden Mr Hardy , Mr G@Ulstou, tho inmates, and others, under tho supervision of the Matron Mrs Hatcher . A number of outside friends assisted in the carving and generally looking after tbo wants of the inmates, the following being present -The Mayor@and Mayoress Councillor and Mrs Langley , Mr Henry Smith, J.@P. vice-chairman of tho Board of Guardians Councillor W. M. Watsen, J.P., and Master and Miss Watson, Mr ft. W. Robinson and the Misses Robinson, Mr Whittle Guardian , Kev H. Fisher, Mr George Power, Mr Joseph 1'ovaer, Mr W. T. Pescod, Mr and Sirs J. Dunthornc, Mr C. Hatcher, Mrs Gregory, Mr T. H. Marshal , Mr Stsrre, and the officers. After the substan@ tial dinner had been done ample justice to, oranges were distributed to tbe juveniles given by Messrs A. 3. Holmes Ce. aud tobacco and snatf among trio adults.-The proceedings ter@ minate..! by a hearty veto of thanks being accorded to the Mayor and Mayoress for their presence, on the motion of Coan@odlor@W. M. Watson, seconded by Sfr Ilenry Smith, and in reply the Mayor addressed a few kindly words to the inmates.-A vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies and gentlemen who had kindly assisted.-At the Victoria Grounds there was a fair assemblage of speotators to witness a football match between tho Stockton and Darlington football teams. It had, however, to be dis@ continued by reason of the ra@w that fell during the aftr-rneon, no score having been made ou either able. Tho inmates of the almshouses wore Uiudly remembered by Mrs Wright, Mr Jordison, and Counoi@Hot and Mrs Harrison, who seat generous gifts of various kinds. DARLINGTON. Christmas in Darlington w#s commemorated in mueh the same manner as in previous years, thowgh tho heavy rains and high winds of Sun@ day and Monday were far from what is usually understood by trie term Christmas weather. Uotij a late hear on Saturday night the main streets of tho town were unusually thronged, and the purvey uro cf Christmas fare, Christmas cards, and presents drove a thriving trade. Sunday was not marked by anything out of the usual course until late ai uigbt, when numerous parties of carol singers vridted the dwellings of many of -the principal residents. The Christmas Day morning services tt trie churches and chapels were wall attended and several special services and sacred cwncerts took place in the afternoon aad evening. At St. James's Church on Christmas Day there were 97 cernmnnica@aW at tbe early ami later celebrations. A mission service, illustrated by lantern views, was held in the peering @m the parish roam, the st ject being The Story of the Nativity. ©n tbv Sunday evenings during Advent similar miepami sendees, after the service in the churpb, waTo he@M, and were largely attended. The@hubject offfle addresses was The Story of Creation, Redemption, and Sanctifica-@tiou, as set forth in the Apostles' Creed. Each address was illustrated by views from the paint@ ings of the groat masters. 'Hie inmates ef tho Darlington Workhouse, to the number ef 230, had their Christmas dinner ef roast beef and plum pudding, provided by the Guardians. The dining hall had been prettily decorated under the superintendence of tho Master and Matron Mr and Mrs Hurworth @@Amongst those present, and wfcw assisted in serving the dinner, were His Worship the Mayor Councillor G. W. Hprt@ktt , Miss Sari left, Aid. J, - llTlkcs, Mr a l Mrs cakes and oranges, and at half-past twelve the usual Christmas dinner of roast beef and pluni pudding, with beer, took place, 'the walls were tastefully decorated Uy the Master and Matron@ It may be state ! that the whole of the good things were provided by Mr .aud Mrs Bousou, who were accompanied by Mr Jones Guardian . BISUGP AUCKLAND. Christmas Eve was wet, changing to fine with bright moon. Christmas Day wai beautiful, with bracing breeze and bright sky, followed later by raia and thru fine weather. Services were held at the churches and at the Wesleyan Chapel, and season decoratious were observable. Salvation and Volunteer bauds and waits were about as usual, and She holiday generally was decorous and uneventful. The annual feast to the @xwr children to. k place at the Temperance Hall, though unfortunately, to the general regret, Mr and Mrs H@ Foster of Hill Crest, wero absent through @mdiype.it'cm. For many years Mr Foster has virtually born tbe founder cf i he 1 ra.-1. thiii is. be hi. raised the subscriptions and a au nn.l sue toss 1 1 d r.v 'ou of the whole. Between five and si@ sundred guests assembled in relays, giving i', ■ customary cheers for ail friends, receiving from Mrs Foster a pretty card each, anti being handed, further, an orange. Amougst tbe helpers were Councillor Lingford, Mr and Mrs !5. Lingford. Mrs @1 T. Proud, Mr aud Mrs F. V. Foster, Miss Burton Winchester , Misses Cleminsoa 2 @@Gibson, Wardle, Macnamarra, Alderson, Turnbull, We-.riconth, Savage. Strand Mrs G. Dyson, Mrs have, Messrs W. II. Foster, Sydney Poster, Jonathan Jackson, M, Brairh-@wsito, M'Clymont, T. V. Smith, Ralph Hull, Jas. Robinsou, H. and W. Simpson, @P Dyson, and Henderson. Messrs Cuningham who pur@ veyed tbe luscious beef , W. Kilbu@m, Joshua Moseley. Cooking, baking, he., was adroitly done by Mrs Dyson, Mr Cuniagham, and Mr J. Henderson.-At Use Workhouse the inmates bad a Royal dinner, a lar@@, towering Christmas tree, laden with toys, occupying the centre of the dining-hall. Councillor Peverell was a visitor, and gavo useful assistance at the table. The house is beautifully decorated, the greenery coming from the W@mdiesteoe and Whitworth Estates.-The Olive Branch Division of the Sons of Temper@ ance held their annual festival at the Temperance Hall, and there was an overflowing tea. waited upon, in relays, and very cheerfully, by Mrs and .Misses Gibson 21. Miss Gibsou South-road , Mrs aud Miss Gedney. Mr# aud Miss Selby. Stosdame# Souther,on, Rowe, and Hodg@ son, and Clough, and Miss Davison. At a crowded entertainment afterwards Bro. Joshua Moseley, Alliance secretary at Birmingham, pre@ sided, and gave a spirited address on the principles of the order, also giving the connective readings in a service of song.-Bro@ T. Clough, secretary, road a report disclos@ ing remarkable facts, and showing that whilst sickness and death had been stalking abroad everywhere the liand@of affliction had fallau lightly on them as a society. Fourteen new members had been admitted, and the vear closed with 285, contributions ranking at £357. Applause. Sick pay had absorbed £175 10s, and one wife's death £3. The death rate of members was nil. Ap@ plause. Management expenses left a net profit of £95. Of cadets 38 had been a,l-mittad, and the year end showed 122 on the books. Here again there was a. profit-namely, £19@10s-making a total profit on yhfi year of £115. Applause died. Applause. Tile lives numbered 480, and only one death had occurred -or@a rate of only two per thousand. Applause. Over th3 five yrers the deatb rate, with@aa average ! was held in the Lead Company's Schoolroom. A of oJO tires, had been 3'3-a total ol nine deaths I p U bl c meeting was heid after tea, which was ad-@dressed by the Revs. W. H Gorham. T.Stephenson, K. Wilkes, Mrs evoiuug Mr G. Snggett and party gave a gro.i i concert before a large company. A s o l atraiee was held on Christmas Day hi the New Sh@ Inn Wesleyan Chrpel, preacher the Rev. J. Water- • house.-■ The Primitive Methodists at Old' . -'itMon had likewise a largely attcuded tea. -•• a lecture afterwards delivered by Mr 1 ilid liesbrough.-At All Saints' Church, w •h@.Uon, the usaal appropriate service@ Cl? presebed t@ good congregation . £-f_ ow L r.-The customary serrioes were he'd in toe 1 arisb Church and Wesleyan Chapel in tue morning. In the evening the Wesleyan Vigilance Band held its annual mett'mg in trio I ir, ' day school, when addresses were given by M •ssr@ Sproatos. Nonwan, and Hillary, the eiifr being occupied by Mr Gradon. At the toae a ejlt.-e supper took place. At the Primitive I'i cd an entertainment consisting of song , solos, speeches, ami recitations was given on behalf of the Sabbath School the recently-@formed string band also took part in the enter@ tainment. A coffee sumx-r closed the proceed@ ings. During the day the baud of the .Salvation Army played selections throughout the town, and the Good Templars also saug carats. Wrrros Pans.-On Christmas Eve the Baptists held special services during tlie early part of the day, and a service of song at night entitled Die Bells Across the Snow. The readings were lay Mr A. Westwood, of Bishop Auckland cond@uc tor, Mr G. Morgan harmoniumist, Miss P. Jenkins. On Christmas night, in tbe same place, an entertainment was given, consisting of song , solos, recitations, c. Mr Joe Pykes and party gave the sketches entitled John Mason'@ Rescue, and A Domineering Wife. Soug@aby Miss Blackburn, Durham Miss Henderson, Witton Park and Miss Laweyers and Miss Mas-@grave. High Grange, were rendered at intervals. Ilr Peacock and Miss P. Jenkins presided at the harmonium. Wl-stoate Wbardams .-Ou Saturday after@ noon a sale of work and Christmas tree w@@ held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel. The opening ceremony was performed by Dr. Hewitson, of St. John's Chapel, accompanied by Mrs Hewitson, who were introduced by the Rev. R. Walton. The stall-holders were -Mrs R. Walton, Mrs Moore, Mrs John Kidd, Mrs Jos. Kidd, Mrs Freeman, Mrs Lee, Mrs J. Walton, Miss Maddison, Mrs Furness, Miss Herdman, Miss Kidd, Misses Forster, M-ss Ixonsdalc, Messrs Barkus, Furness, Moses, T. Walton, and J. Forster. A public tea and supper were also pro@ vided, to which a large number ol people sat down. The choir, tin ier the leadership of Mr Freeman aud Mr Kidd, rendered a choice selec@ tion of anthems, choruses, kc. The total pro@ ceeds were £87 13s 9d. T@kkmmlb.-According to usual custom the volunteers mustered in uniform, headed by the Middleton Band, and accompanied by the Hon. _ Lieut.-Col. French and Lieut. Murray, and marched to v't. Mary's Church, where the service was fully choral, the sermon being preached by the Kev. E. Swallow, of Durham, in place of the rector, who has been coffering from influenza. Tbe church was tricely deeorated, the work of tire Mi-soa Catteries and Armstrong and Messrs Hethcringtwj.-The Baptists hel l their annual festival and anniversary services, commencing Saturday e.vening, when a sacred concert was giveu in the Hude Cliapoi 'ey the choir ant Miss L.@Cairns and Mr W. Thompson. Recitations were also f 'ven by the .Messrs Charles and Howard Charter. . hairmaii, Rev. W. II. Gorham, of South No cadet had j Shields, who also preached the annual sermons insured m all 011 Sunday, In tho afternoon the Sunday schoal I children gave recitations, and the choir sang sacrod anthems. On Monday the annual festival Mr ■0 4. but that, twi ■ wt of me DEATH OF MR ROBERT WADE. We have to-day to retard trio death of an old Darlington standard, i and one of tee most familiar figures ao Iriwrliugtfm market-day, woo suo uml M to a Iqnglljj- iltogss at bis re@wdence, Li@tHc Berdan, on GSrinkmas Ray, iu his 7Sih year. Mr Wad@ eeroda hist .meat a ksteher with.' Mr Frank Tkeakstone, gtandfaiVer of the- pre@ sent head of the business in North,qate. and on tee conetosion of his@@@@@ of apprenticeship com@ menced business on h@e own account at Barton. Some thirty years ago he relinquished business at Barton and became the @@emqwer of trie farm, on which he diyd, ah Little Burden. Mv Wade was beid @m high reputa by the agriculturists of the diitriot. apd was especially noted for hi@ excel@ lent results in f@md@mg stock, hayrgg for years past taken prioes at the Christmas fat stock shows at the Fairfield aad other marts. He held many public offices, being the senior member of the Darlington Board @f Guardians, to which he was returned as Guardian for Merton Palms in 1867. He sot on tee Pina@ e@ Assessment, Work-@house Visiting, Asylum Tisilting, and Sohool At@ tendance Committees of the Board of Guardians and Jhc was also Chairman of Darlington Rural Sanitary Authority, irt connection with which body he held seats on the Finance, Food and Drugs, aud Legal, Coclcerton, Blackwell, Hur@ worth. Middleton-St.-George, and Heighington Committees. An old member of the Darlington Chamber of Agriculture, ha was ehairman of the Council of the Horso aud Dog Show. He was also vice-chairman of the Darlington Highway Board. Mr Wade bad been four times married, aud leaves a widow the sister of the late Mr Joseph Robinson, at one time proprietor of the King's Head Hotel and one son, John, who occupies a farm at Sadberge, The funeral will take place at Sadberge on Thursday. Mr John Wildsmith has been unanimously re-eleeted the operatives' representative at the Consctt Iron aad Steel Works and o@m of @@@five candidates, Mir Hy. Lodge ylie tfite dele@ gate , @@Sim Wn appointed representative of tei Cohtoi-t TihipiM rpafc on the Arbitration aad faadred boAfet for trie enseiog pe@w. Trie Thyme 8oap Mu i Iftatsihrejsail Itnum, Ncrefi T cctt Bls d m R. M. Wilkes, Miss Wilke . Councillor T@ B. Swinburne, Mas and Miss Swinburne, Councillor J. Bowden, the Misses Howdeu, CouucittBr T. James, Mr R. Rogers, Mr W. Hogg Whessoe , Mrs and Miss Hogg, Mr Isaac S@@aw, Mr and Mrs R. R. Smith, Mr W. Robipson, Mr F. Tbeakston, Jlc and Sfre C. H. f.tiAnh, the Rev. A. Boot, Mrs Boot, Rev. A. Wild, Rev. R, Altai, Mias H, Barron, Mr A. Davidson, Mr T. Mais, Inspector Sparire N.S.P.O.C. , Mr J. W. Alnwick, See.-After full justice hgd been done to the good ttjiuga provided, @WcC. H. Leach th@ Clerk read a letter from Mr Theodore Fry, M.P., expressing regret on behalf of himself aad Mrs Fry at not @@Wng @uMe to bo present on that occa@ sion owing to A previous engagement. - Edwaud S rie, one of trie inmate , fttn proposed a vote of iriznkr. to the member@ of the Boabfi for their fchSttfees in paoaidieg @och a feast.-The propo@ sition was carried by three hearty cheers.-The Mayor then ado creed the riitoates, and in the coqrse of his remarks said it was the dsssdt of every member of the Board to make th@ovomtefi to happy as possible at this fe@@ ve season@ He also stated that he and the This was tbo average rata over 27 years@ Applause. -Other friends present included Messrs R. Rutherford. V. Harrison, J. Lincoln, J. Clough, R. Curtis, Buruip, Bio-nbridge, Southeron, he.-At Snuth-road Chapel there was@@ sacred concert-Mi s M. Crawford soloist. Mr G. Dyson manipulated a series of lime@ light views, and Mr J. Ramsden presided. At Councillor Liugfurd's orphanage the cosy rooms were brightened with toys, decorations, and presents, of which tho children received a large share. The Baptist and Primitive ministers, and Mr Nichol, Mr Wood, c.. wero visiters and speakers.- Tile annual performance of Mrs Rayner's music pupils took place in the Edgar Memorial before a select company. Solos and dueto were undertaken with success by Misses P. Burden, L. Rowirtree, Hutchinson, Hcslop, Wil@ kinson, Kilhurn 2 , Redman, L. Woo-1, Rayuer 3 , M. Balgarnie, Frank, E, Brxithwnite, I. Wood, Go@aw, M Callum 2 , Live-ay 2 , and Masters Proud, G@ Gage, and Harburu. Miss Rowutrce is a pup@H of Mrs Inch, of Darlington. The High Bchool choir sang at intcivals. The Wesleyans held a sale of work in the British Schools, opened by one of the ministers. A public tea was also in the programme, and the bye-attraetio@u included carol concert, magic lantern, musical drill, and maypole, under the direction of Mrs Chinn, c. RIPON. The Mayer and Corporation, in tliefr robes of office, attended service at the Cathedral, which was decorated. The Dean preach ! an appro@ priate sermon from St. Matthew's Gospel, ii.. 22 At the afternoon service tee Christmas portions of the Messiah Houdel were sung from, For behold to Glory to God. An address was given by the Rev. S. Reed, precentor. A special service was hold at Trinity Ckuroh, and carol services at Zion Chapel and Allhallowgate Mission Room Trinity parish . The Workhouse inmates had the customary special fare. The Bishop of Ripen preached at the Cathe@ dral on Sunday night iu aid of the navvy mission. NORTHALLERTON. The Northallerton Rifle and Temperaiue Bauds perambulated tho town. Tho inmates of the Cottage Hospital and the Workhouse dined off special fare. At All Saints' Church tho usual charities were dispensed by the Viear and church@ wardens, and there were special services, for which the church was appropriately decorated. RICHMOND. The various places of worship were decorated. At trie Parish Church Miss Wiuks sang the solos in the carols, and the Rev. A. C. Briggs rendered The Star t' Bethleham. Midnight mass was held at tbo Convent, and during Christmas Eva the Corporation Band played. The usual treat given by the Gu@mdiaus was held at the Work-@house, which was prettily decorated, and tbe repast was served up ia splendid style by Mr apd Mrs Brierloy, the m 6tcr and matron. Assisting at tbe tables were Captain, Mrs, and Miss Geraldine Walker. Mr C. G. and Miss Tate, Major and Misses Mason, Dr. Carter and Mr Carter. Mr Wensley and the Missoe Huntoo, Sir Robert Himpson, 3itv John Hall, aad Mr William Jstmtriers. The Marchioness of Zetland gave tea, Ac., besides inviting the inmates to Aske Hall on Thursday next Mrs Roper gave tea, sugar, tobacco, and cakeo Miss Barclay, Christmas J. Charter, anil C. A. Charter. A coffee supper followed. A Christmas tree and a stall of work f irmed a great attraction to the festival@ On Saturday evening the Middleton Baud held n social evening in the Lead Company's schoolroom, which was well patronised. The Pride of Middleton Lodge of Druids held thoir annual festival on Saturday. A fell report will appear in tho Auckland Chronicle of this week. Hutton Rudby.-Mr and Mrs G@ Y. Blair have again shown their gcuerosity to the inhabi tants of Hutton Rudby and district by giving their usual Christmas gifts to the villagers@ Most of the families received a piece of beef, also clothes, oranges and sweets for the mothers and children. The workmen at tho hall aud on the estate b vo also been presented with a pieoe of beef and a plum isiddiog. SsnwuvtELC-Special serviees were held in the Parish Chnrch. The inmates of the Work house had special fare. Beer was sent by Mr M. Forster, J.P., Bishop Middleham ' tobacco, sweets, oranges, and apples by Dr. Sheraton and Hr Calvert eiaagcs by Mrs lawidreth fruits, sweets, and tovs by Mrs R. Robinson, Mrs Colt-1 ipnn, Mrs Adamson, Miss Viriscr . ami Mr Walker wines, Mr Fletcher, Sedgefield, and Mr Archer, South Shield@ sweets by Mrs W@ Coates. Tbe arrangements were ably carried out by Mr and Mrs Rowos the master and matron', and the children of the Workhouse had each purchased a pretty card and presented them to Mrs Bowes, as a mark of their appreciation of her kindness@ Wivcatb.-A Christmas tree and sale of work was opened in the Literary Institute, Wingate , on ChristmaajDay by Mrs Flecthum@.lhc proceed -being in aid of the Sunday school building fundi, of the Primitive Methodists. A full report of the proceedings will be given iu Friday's Sy Jh Dtirfhvn nki Cleietend .Mcrcur . - The railway employes of tbe district held their sceou.' anuulf supper ou Saturday night at trie Queen's Hotel, Wingate. After the removal of the cloth. Mr Beatty was voted to the chair, and a most enjoy@ able evening was spent. Daring the evening Mr Win. Elliott was presented with the emblem of Amalgamated Society of Railway frervanfs for services rendered. GinsBnocoH.-At the Workhouse on Christman Day the inmates had an excellent dinner of roast . heel' and plum pudding, provided by the Guar@ dians. After dinner the men were supplied with tobacco and fruit, aud the women and children with fruit and sweets -The Primitive Methodists held a public tea in the afternoon, which was fairly attended. Thhisb.-Special services were held at ffc Parish Church and at Sowcrhy. Tho ognvl Christmas, fare was partakeu of at the Wotx-@house, the diuuer being served up by Mr aud Mrs Weodhfcll iu enjoyable style, whilst the following were present to wait on the inmates -Ste Charles Mc.@C. Kwarbrcck, the Misses Swarbreck, Dr. Longford, Mr Robert Holyday, Mr Parndale. Miss Farndale, Mr G, H. aud Master Hyam, Mr John Harriss, Mis- and Master Amos. Miss Smith, and Miss Walton. Bedaub.-At the Parish Church the usual charities were distributed by the rioar and churchwardens, while Sir F. A. M@ubank and other geutleinen distributed their Christmas gift . Special services were held at Bedalc, Parish Church on Christmas Day. As usual Copt. Car@ ter, the chairman of the Bedale Bench, gave each Mayore@a intendad giving Sic intastes another dinner on Now Year@s Day. Loud app-euse. Ho then mpvefba@vAte of thanks to the officers far the excefitai way they hpd@carried out all the arrangcmMifie awi for decorating the dining hail so tastefully. 'Applause. -The motion was carried to tad acctamoften. -The Workhouse Master K r MQrwortto a T Tle 'I f nks on beha@K of trie offibets, and in@going @o said they wished to make the inmates a@ comfortable as possible. Appbtere.V-Copfcahl Swinburne, the Rev. A. Boot, Ceireeittor J. Hawden. and Aid. Wilkes also delivered brief addresses. Beer was supplied by Mr Isaac Smith, the licensed victuallers, and Mr D. Warwick lemanaiV by Mr W. Bobtawe oranges by Mr J, Anwyll aad Mr R@ J. ftititthfieU Christmas cards by Messrs Bailey Co,, mi7. N. Getter, and bit T. Wood holly. kMf, by Sirs D. Date and Cel. Wilson Cliffs tehtieo by Capt. Swinburne and Mr J. @owden clay pip@@ by Mr Boston Nortbgate J. K. Wilkes aad Councillor J. o Board ? £ tor. aad l m -lay, Darlington. cfllfi ' Steel Ifi ?l£ .. DiatoVn oekton. cards Me D. Close, apples and oranges Mr ! vagrant a currant cake. At the Uaion Work-hfe Thomas M'Guinness, house the 20 inmates dined off roast beef end ' ~ plum pudding, whilo the officers were regaled with a goose. Leybubn.-The Leybu@m and District Brass Band paraded the town, and speoiat services were held at St. Matthew's Church, which was ejipro-pi iately deoorated. Shaw, tobacco nuts, autaaanges. At Kiobmond Barracks tSe customary festivities were hell. The Marchioness of jstlaud hoe reopened her soup lyiefcen, and ou Saturday tier Ladyship distri@ buted warm filter clothing amongst the aged poor of the ord town. 'tl Misses Yeoman, of Prior House, Lave boon dkriug the post two days distributing Winter comforts to several aged people in Richmond, and on Thursday they will entertain trie whole of the Infant Bchool children. BARNARD CASTLE. Late en Christmas Bee and during the early hours of Christmas massing vain fell heavily, preventing the usual amount of carol singing. Special servi@ew wore held in St. Mary's Church - - -• ., hot! FIRE AT STOCKTON. oth places tea by AW Howden Hoys, . . the Rev. T. Law Haughton-le-Skeme . A most c., by Mrs W. J. Stewart and enjoyable day was spent by all in the house. The Christian Lay Church held the annual tea on Christmas Day, when a good number partook of the good things provided by Mrs C. Appleton, Mrs Patterson. Mrs J. Mackie, Mrs Wake, Mrs •Robinson and Mrs Law . After tea an entertain-@men@ wt spresided over by Alderman W. Harding. Fongs were ably reudered by Messrs M'Nicholl, Cummings and Smith, and Messrs C. Reynolds and E. J. Laws mandoline solo by Miss Barker recitations by Messrs Llewellyn and Whatmongh, and instrumental selections by Miss Wilson and the Cockerton quartette. Mi s F. Smith and Mr W. Heslop presided at the piano. THE HABTLBP60L6. Christmas was observed here in a quiet meaner. On Chrietmas morning @ai@ @Mft heavily, aad the weather was intense@@ cold, yet a large number of persons attended the early communion services held ad -both pbufqh 6 ckopaki, AB the eharehee were beautifully decoaated with ever-la Mv. early Sowing, and a fear Ml Urn former durhreJb day the wbpto ot the inmate of fee ?isr i and Holy Trinity Church, tartfortb, being tastefully decorated. The members of the P Company 2nd Vol. Baft. D@ L@ L@ marched to and from the former churo'a in the morning, headed by their haad. The usnal treat of roast beef aud pluui pudding wa@ given to the inmates ol' trie Teesdale Union Workhouse, and the fostjsNtia6 were continued in trie evening. A public entertainment was provided at night hy the yotme pcopto of the Primitive Methodist Society. Mr A. Hilton presiding over a large and appreciative audience. Part 1. consisted of miscellaneous items, and a Christmas cantata, The Frost Qneoa, made up a g o-.l second par-t. the characters being ably represented. The third part was a performance by twelve members of the Boys' Brigade hy kind permission of the Rev. A, H. Ford . Some interesting drill exercises were gone through in a most creditable manner, under tho command of Sergt. Quelch, of tbe 3rd D.L.I. Shildok.-At the Parish Church of St. John's special aud appropriate services were held, the offertory being devoted to the fund for the sick and aged. The Wesleyan Methodists at Old Shitdon had their annual bazaar, its object on this occasion being to raise funds for the Sunday School Building Extension Fund. Mr Kellet, of Bishop Auckland, appropriately discharged the opening function. Mesdames Marquis, R@od, Ritsoii, Brown, Richardson, And Jameson, the Misses Ritoon, Mabev, Brunskiil, James, and Tyson presided over the variant stalls, and were @tMy assisted by M rs Rttoou, Watson, Robson, Muggeridge, Coaxes, Smedloy, and Brabben. A grand conoert was given in trie evening by the New Bbildon W@adeyan Choir, tindor the leadership of Mr WT Metcalfe.-The Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants hod their annual tea, and afterwards ad@ journed to a ouncert given by tho Tem@ perance Brass Band, under the leadership •t Mr W, Gibbon, the proceeds of tea and concert to ba given to rise orphan fund. A eale of work wa@ opened on Saturday in the New Shitdoa Wesieyeu Schools, and continued on Christmas Day. On Saturday Ob Sunday morning, the extensive warehooee of Messrs Richardson k Cellitt, general and fancy goods dealers ia Prince Regent-street, Stockton, was burnt. About 1.40 a m. P.O. Feat her.stone observe! that the building was ou fire aad promptly communicated with the fire brigade. The lire station being situated in the nsut street the brigade, with engine, hosereel, and steamer, under the command of Capt. Appleby, were able to be ou the spot within a minute after the information was received. The building was in a mass of damns, and the effort@ of the brigade were meinly direutod to saving the adjacent property, and having a goad supply ef water they were able to confine the conflagration to the warehouse. Nearly tbe whole of the stock was burnt, and the building was considerably damaged, nothing but ths walls remaining. It is uot known how the fire originated. The stock is insured. NORTHERN IRON TRADE@ THE OPERATIVES AND THB SLIDING SCALE. A special private meeting of the operative delegates of the North of England Board of Conciliation and Arbitration for trie Iron ntid Steel Trade was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Dar@ lington, on Saturday, to consider the offer of the employers made at the last meeting-the renewal of the sliding-scale on the old basis. Tbe whole of the works of the North of England were represented, and Mr William Kettley pre sided. There was a strong feeling that certain action of the Stockton Malleable Company @hoc@ the offer of the employers made it difficult for tbe operatives to favourably consider th@ employers' offer or to accept it. After a long disenas@km, however, it was unanimously re@ solved that the operative@ could not accept the offer of the employers until the action of tbe Stockton Malleable C.nnpauy was thoroughly gone ioto, and a guarantee given that in tbe eve@@ of the workmen accepting tbe offer of th@ employers, it should be strictly adhered to, and that no firm should endeavour to induce the workmen to aocopt a private reduction during the oonfiiiuanee of toe scale. A rosolurion was a@@W passed to tbe effect that the question of tbo shortening of hnnrs in the iron and steel mills in the district should be dealt with. A. .V
[ GS_aligned] ################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################## Two Only, Large Size Length of Rockers, 72 inches Height of Hor@se, 33 inches-27s 6d each. These low prices for cash to e@ﬀect an immedlate Sale. T. J@ONES, 6 TO 16, NEWPORT-ROAD, MIDDLESBROUGH. #################################### national ruin as the penalty of neglect of those prophecies, all assume that Her Majesty's Government are deliberately determined not to maintain the navy at its proper strength, and yet are all quite well aware that there is no evidence whatever in sup- port of such an assumption. In the present state of the world, and so long as inter- national disputes are left to haphazard set- tlement by the nations concerned in them, instead of the maintenance of peace@@ being regarded as a primary duty laid upon all collectively, British Governments must preserve in e@@ﬃcient shape and strength the means of successful defence and it is perfectly notorious that neither Mr ############ Government nor any other will neglect that duty. But it suits the grumblers, and it agrees with the party purposes of the Unionists to attack, under the guise of an exalted and enthusiastic patriotism, the Government of the day, for an alleged policy which they are not pursuing and have no intention of pursuing. That a great English party are capable of acting on @ﬂagrantly false pretences is another little nut to crack at Christmas time. Mr ############## we observe, attributes the defects of the Government to a lack of imagination. They do not, through this defect, foresee the time when loud and ominous the roar of a ruined nation will roll to their ears, or when the empty- bellied mob will rave its curses on the statesmen who betrayed them while, wait- ing for the spoil, the peoples of the world watch the last struggles of its mightiest Empire as vultures watch a dying bull, till at last the necessities of Nature force us to a dishonour worse than death. This is a doleful picture, and especially so if we are to assume, with Mr ############## that the nations of the earth are a set of vultures greedily waiting for our spoil. Are we, then, so utterly alone and friend- less among the nations, and are they so utterly degraded as to be little better than banditti ? Happily there are signs to the contrary, for whatever may be the disposi- tion of the governing classes the peoples are developing every year a more brotherly spirit, and every year war becomes more di@@ﬃcult to make without the consent of the peoples concerned. ####################################################### Air-tight Tins. ##################### Infants, Invalids, and the Aged. ######## Promotes the healthy action of the bowels. Bone-forming and @ﬁesh-producing. ################# Well adapted for Children@@@@@@. Aged People, and I@@nvalids. -Brit. Med@ Jnl@. Carefully prepared and highly nutritious. -Lancet. ######################################## CASE. A fatal stabbing case occurred in Digbeth, Bir- ming@ham on @Saturday night. A quarrel arose between some men drinking in the Pavilien Vaults, and they suddenly left the house. In a momentary scu@ﬀle a young fellow named Met- calfe fell to the ground, and died almost imme- diately from a terrible sta@b in the throat in@ﬂicted by a man not clearly identi@ﬁed, who got away. ALLEGED MURDER. A sad tragedy has occurred in Bolton, as the result of which an Irish Constabulary pensioner, named James M'Derby, is in custody on a charge of murdering his wife. The parties, it appears, have@ lived unhappily together, and only a few weeks ago the woman was sent to prison for neglecting her children. On Saturday they quarrelled, owing to her having mis-spent some money, and M@'Derby became so aggravated that he kicked her repeatedly. The unfortunate woman sustained such terrible injuries that she expired in a few minutes. SHOCKING FATALITY AT BILLINGHAM. The Stockton police received information on Saturday of a shocking burning fatality at Billingham. A Mrs Hildrey, aged 92, a widow, living by herself, was visited the previous evening by her granddaughter, who left the old lady apparently in her usual health. Upon going to visit her again @on Saturday morning, she dis- covered her grandmother su@ﬀering from horrible burus about the head and body, to which injuries she succumbed in about ten minutes. It is sur- mised the clothing of the unfortunate woman had got accidentally ignited. ###################################################### named J. B. Cooper, of Sutton Courtney, Abingdon, was handling a revolver in his apartments in South Cli@ﬀ-street when one of the barrels exploded accidentally, it is believed, and the bullet entered his head and caused death. #####################################################  mother's milk from birth- The child @has thrived exceedingly. ######################## and Cheapest.apest. Sold everywhere. @NEAVE@S @@FOOD.-Wholesale of the Manufac-@@ @@@turers, J. R. Neave Co., Ford-ingbridge, England. k158 SORE THROATS CURED IN A FEW HOURS BY GARGLING WITH ########################## ###### use a better Gargle than Condy's. -Sir ################### M.D. Directions Free by Post from CONDY'S FLUID WORKS, 62, TURNMILL-STREET, E.C. ############################################## about 3.30, a six-roo@med house in Ladywell-road, Lewisham, was destroyed by @ﬁre. The occupier, named Newnham, his wife, and six children were sleep- ing in the building, but all escaped except John Newnham, aged eight years, who had got under the bed. Fireman Roach rescued the child, but it quickly succumbed. Roach was ######################################################### ############################################# dinner at the Comet Hotel. Bro. A. J. Day, N.G.A., pre- sided, and Bro. W. @H. Plews, V.G.A., occupied the vice-chair, the others present being Bros. J. Hutchinson, @P.D.G.M., R. Wilson, @D.C.S., J. @S. Wood, B.J., together with Mr Outwin, Mr A. Ness, Mr T. Ness, Mr Foster, Mr Cape, Mr Hill, and Mr W. Cooper.-After the usual toasts were duly honoured, Bro. Plews proposed Success to the Queen Victoria Lodge. -Bro. W. Grundon secretary responded, and said the lodge was in a pros- perous condition.- Success to the Darlington Equalised District, proposed by the Chairman, was responded to by Bros. J. Hutchinson, P.D.G.M., and R. Wilson, D.C.S.-The rest of the evening was spent in harmony and con- viviality, the following brothers contributing to the enjoyment of those present -B os. Carter, Walsh, Hutchinson. Day, Wilson, @and others. Mr Hon@neyman #################################################################### CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY. The a@ﬀairs of the Newbottle and District Co- operative Society are daily assuming a more encouraging tone, and the liquidator Mr H. R. Bailey anticipates having the present society out of liquidation and the new society launched by the ensuing summer. The sales have not su@ﬀered to such a degree as was anticipated, the month's sales realising £3,788. The appeal to the various other co-operative societies is being steadily responded to. SCOTCH MINERS' WAGES. A telegram from Dalkeith states that as the result of a meeting between masters and men at Newbattle it w@as de@ﬁnitely arranged that the whole of the men would return to work, the masters to permit a @ﬁve days' poliey to each of the miners who, as a body, have at the same time agreed to t@ake their idle days in sections, and so keep the pits open eleven days per fortnight. The Lothian Coal Co., Limited, have at the same time conceded the 20 per cent, advance which which had been conceded the other workmen after their nine weeks' strike. ################################################ and acceptable addition to salad plants in the winter. We value the Broad-leaved Batavian variety more than any other salad plant we possess from November until March. We grow it largely and exclusively. The Green Curled is pretty, but not so useful as this excellent broad-leaved sort. The plants grow very large, and are very hardy. Like other endives, they require tying up a fortnight before being used, and a number ought to be tied up now for use during the latter part of this month and throughout December. Gather the leaves all together at the top, bind them round, and tie them close with a piece of matting, and the centres will soon become tender and cream- coloured. We always tie them when quite dry, and as the rain cannot penetrate to the centre easily when the leaves are tied at the top we do not lose many plants from damp. They will bear a few degrees of frost, but in very severe wea@@ther, or just before this, the plants should be lifted, placed in cool frames, and covered over with lights. When frames were not@ available we have sometimes placed numbers of them close together on the inside border of a cool peach house, and they keep uncommonly well there. So long as they can be kept dry there is little danger of their decaying. #################### When a cabbage is at its best there are few things in the way of culinary vegetables that excel it for delicacy of @ﬂavour, and when obtainable ill ﬁrst rate condition nothing is more acceptable during April and May, before the ground gets dry. It too frequently happens that owing to summer droughts cabbages lose the delicate @ﬂavonr for which they are so highly esteemed, and other things becoming more plentiful, the cabbage is refused admittance to the@@ dining-room during the summer months. Those who are expected to furnish a supply early in the season, should lose no ti@me in making a ##################################################################### two o'clock on Christmas morning a @ﬁre was discovered in a room at Solberge Hall, a distance of three miles from Northallerton. The hall is tenanted by Mr @R. Clayton Swan, the master of the Sinnington Foxhounds, but at the time of the outbreak Mr and Mrs Swan were on a visit to Mrs Swan's mother, Mrs Geo. W. Elliot, at Scruton Hall. The @ﬁre had originated in the library, and it spread rapidly. The North- allerton and Thirsk @ﬁre brigades were summoned, but unfortunately the supply of water was prac- tically nil, and the e@ﬀorts of the @ﬁremen were directed towards saving t@he servants' quarters and the stabling and other outbuildings, but the hall was completely gutted, only the bare walls being left standing. The blaze was seen for miles away. The damage done amounts to several thousands of pounds, and includes the jewellery and hand- some wedding presents which were presented to Mr and Mrs Swan on their marriage a little over a year ago. Fortunately there was no loss of life, as the servants were rescued from the burn- ing building in their night clothes. The @ﬁre seems to have originated in the library, but nothing de@ﬁnite can be ascertained to account for t@he con@ﬂagration. The property is partly in- sured. LATER PARTICULARS. The @ﬁre has done damage estimated at £15,000. Of this amount, Mr R. Clayton Swan's loss is estimated at between £7,000 and £8,000, and the loss of Mr John Hutton, J.P., the chairman of North Riding Quarter Sessions, the owner of the hali, a like amount, which is only partially covered by insurance. The origin of the @ﬁre is said to be due to a pipe from a stove in the library having come in contact with the beam in the @ﬂoor beneath, and in consequence of its being overheated had ignited the beam. The @ﬁre was discovered by Mrs Bond, who acts as wet nurse to Mr Swan's infant daughter, who slept in the bedroom adjoining the library. The North- allerton Fire Brigade rendered e@@ﬃcient service in saving the servants' quarters and in preventing the @ﬁre from spreading to the stables. They were, however, not able to utilise a new steam @ﬁre-engine which they have recently purchased in consequence of its not being complete. A plentiful supply of water was obtained close by. ANOTHER ACCOUNT. Yesterday morning Christmas Day Solberge Hall, near Northallerton, was destroyed by @ﬁre, the hall being completely gutted, and all the valuable furniture consumed. The @ﬁre was @ﬁrst discovered by a nurse-maid named Mrs Bond, a little after two, when she had occasion to rise in order to fee@d an infant. On looking out of the window she discovered that the adjacent part of the hall, namely the library was in @ﬂames. She immediately gave the alarm to the other servants, and to Mr Achril, secretary to Mr R. C. Swan. It was then found that the @ﬂames had got such a hold of the library that it was hopeless with the means at command to save the building. Word was sent at once to Northallerton and to Thirsk for the @ﬁre brigade, and also by a rider to Mr and Mrs R. C. Swan, who have gone to Scruton Hall, the residence of Mr George W. Elliot, M.P., Mrs Swan's father, on Saturday to stay over the Christmas. The Northallerton Fire Brigade arrived on the scene about four o'clock, and meanwhile the servants in a great state of alarm were devoting all their energies to saving their own goods, which they threw promiscuously from the windows. The @ﬁre rapidly spread in an easterly direction, as the wind was blowing from the west. From the library, where there was a most valuable collection of books, the @ﬂames communi- cated to the drawing-room, which had lately been handsomely furnished by Mr Swan, thence the@ @ﬁre penetrated to the boudoir above, which had also been splendidly furnished by Mr Swan since his marriage. The @ﬁre was then seen in the bedroom in the east corner, and afterwards in the other bedroooms in the front of the hall, the last rooms to catch @ﬁre being those in the basement in the front of the hall, namely the dining-room, morning-room, which had also recently been newly furnished at great expense by Mr Swan. The Northallerton @ﬁre brigade was under the superintendence@ of Dr. Tweedy, there being present Mr Geo. J. Robinson, Dr. Bartrum, Jas. Ward, and Jas. Guthrie, as members of the brigade, who, with other assistance, devoted their energies to preventing the spread of the ﬁre to the servants' dwelling, abutting on the north of the hall. For this purpose Dr. Tweedy and others pulled o@ﬀ the tiles from the servants' house to enable them to direct a stream of water in the @ﬁre below, and thus con@ﬁne the @ﬂames. The Thirsk Fire Brigade, under the conduct of Mr George Best, arrived at about 5.25 a.m., and rendered good assistance. The #################################################### be made, a somewhat dry spot will be better than a damp one. Plant from 20 in. to 24 in. apart according to the ########################################################################################################################################### the country is over@ﬂowing with the genial sentiment peculiar to the Christmas season, friend exchanging with friend kindly greetings, and the organs of the press vieing with each other in their expression of the doctrine of brotherhood and mutual kindliness, the Times is @steadily pursuing its crusade on behalf of @an increase in destructive armaments ! With unconscious humour the Thunderer on Christmas Day publishes half a page of appeals to the fears of the nation in order to frighten it into a clamant demand for an inde@ﬁnite addition to the force of the navy. How many of us realise the grim signi@ﬁcance of such a conjunction, or feel in our inmost souls as we ought the horror of the war passions which still ravage humanity nearly two thousand years after t@he birth of the Prince of Peace ? Moral progress is indeed slow and the preachings of the Church universal fall on careless cars. Christian folk seem indeed to have interchangeable consciences in these matters. Our eminently respectable Houses of Parliament the other day trans- mitted to the French Chamber their friendly sympathy with the members on the occasion of a desperate attempt to commit wholesale slaughter among them by means of an explosive bomb. Very agreeable and creditable is this graceful incident in inter- national a@ﬀairs but somehow its geniality and kindliness are a little marred by the fact that a great party in both our Houses of Parliament are clamouring for an enor- mous provision of murderous instruments for the express purpose of slaughtering as many Frenchmen as possible. With how little wisdom indeed is the world governed ! and small as is the public stock of wisdom it is Gargantuan compared with the thin and almost invisible streak of Christian principle which is tolerated in the region of international a@ﬀairs. Among many things urgently necessary to be realised at each recurring Christmas is the fact that the rulers of the world in their public capacities are not Christians, but are animated by feelings and principles which are the reverse of those exempli@ﬁed and laid down by the Prince of Peace. Men who would not willingly defraud their neighbours of a pin or injure a worm in private life will defend and even applaud wilful rapine and bloodshed if it is only on a large scale, and though there are signs of the gradual spread of purer and higher ideas of the duty of nation to nation, t@hat spread is slow indeed. The agitation for the increase of the navy is not the more respectable because it is not honestly conducted. The gentlemen who are pouring forth their prayers for ############################################ asfternoon Lady Curzon and her son had a narrow escape from injury by the over- turning of a four-in-hand on Chandlers' Hill, near Viscount, Curzon's residence near Uxbridge. The reins got twisted and the coachman was called to disentangle them, but somehow the coach overturned, throwing Lady Curzon and her son to the ground. The coach fell on the coach- man, breaking six of his ribs, one of which it is feared has pierced the lungs. He lies in a pre- carious state. Lady Curzon and her son escaped with only a shaking. DEATH OF MR HENRY PETTITT. @Mr Henry Pettitt, the dramatist, died on Sun- day from the e@ﬀects of typhoid fever, contracted about a month ago. Most of his plays, which were principally melodramas, were written in collaboration with other authors. Among the best known of his works are Queen's Evidence, Black Flag, The World in collaboration with Mr Merritt and Sir Augustus Harris, Taken from Life, Pluck Pettitt and Aarris . In the Ranks Pettitt and Sims , Human Nature Pettitt and Harris , Harbour Lights Pettitt and Sims . The Bells of Haslemere Pettitt and Grundy , Hands Across the Sea, Faust up to Date Pettitt and Sims , The Silver Falls, London Day by Day Pettitt and Sims , A Million of Money Pettitt and Harris , A Woman's Revenge, now being played at the Adelphi, and A Life of Pleasure Pettitt and Harris , which was produced at Drury Lane and has been transferred to the Princess's. Mr Pettitt commenced writing at the age of 22, when he was master in the classical department of the North London Collegiate School, Camden Town. During the past seventeen years he turned out more than a hundred plays, and was probably the most successful playwright of his day. AN IRONCLAD IN A HURRICANE. A GALLANT RESCUE. Lloyd's agent at Queenstown telegraphed on Saturday afternoon H.M.S. Resolution, Capt. Hall, from Portsmouth to Gibraltar to join the Mediterranian @ﬂeet, has arrived at Queenstown and reports left Portsmouth last Monday, and on last Tuesday, when in the Bay of Biscay, en- countered terrible gales, shipped heavy seas, and @sustained damage about the deck. Several of the crew were injured, and a man was lost over- board. The Resolution left Portsmouth in com- pany with the gunbuat Gleaner, but lost sight of her in the gale, and did not afterwards see her. A Portsmouth correspondent telegraphs that numbers of letters have been received there from the o@@ﬃcers and crew of H.M.S. Resolution giving an account of the gale which that ship encoun- tered in the Bay of Biscay. The chief defect of ships of this class is said to be that in a heavy sea they roll to a fearful extent owing to the absence of bilge blocks but if these were pro- vided in su@@ﬃcient width there would be no Government dock broad enough to accommodate these vessels, consequently when the Resolution encountered the gale she rolled over to such an extent that the lifeboat, which is hoisted 3@0ft. above the load line, went under water and was carried away. Everything movo- able on deck was washed away, while the waist of the ship su@ﬀered damage by the immense weight of the seas that fell there but what @ﬁnally induced Capt. Hall to return was a report from the engineers that the water which lodged between the barbette had poured in tons into the stoke hole, and was putting out the @ﬁres, and as few more seas would have completely extinguished the @ﬁres there was no alternative but to put back. A Queenstown correspondent telegraphing on Saturday night says @@It is di@@ﬃcult to obtain the names of the drowned seamen, as the crew are not allowed ashore. An o@@ﬃcer just lauded believed the name was Rmith. He states that two men went overboard at the same time, and the captain of the gunboat Gleaner jumped overboard to the assstance o th@e men, and with t@he aid of the lifeboat from the Resolution, saved one. The other disappeared. H.M.S. Resolution will leave for Plymouth on Sunday, there being insu- ﬃcient coal ###################### and other similar large growing kinds will require 24 in, Ellam's Dwarf from 18 in. to 20 in. This latter has for some years been our favourite variety, as it turns in quickly, and makes few outside leaves. Let the plants down to the lower leaves in the soil, and if dry, water well. Take care to set the plants @ﬁrm in the soil. There is a knack of @ﬁrming them expeditiously by inserting the dibble a little aslant towards the plant, and @giving it a slight t@wist towards it this will fasten the plant @ﬁrm @m the soil at one turn. Keep the ground clear from weeds by frequent hoeing, preferably with t@he Dutch hoe, because the weeds are not trodden down its use.-Garden @Work. ############# If the various bulbs intended to beautify these in the spring are not planted, no time should be lost in getting them in. Unless covered by 2 or 3 inches of soil frost may injure them, and as a further preventive the beds may well be surfaced over with not less than an inch of cocoa-nut @ﬁbre or leaf soil. Spring-@ﬂowering plants not being available, the beds may be made to present quite a bright appearance by a judicious arrangement of short neat pieces of variegated hollies, box, aucuba, mahonias, and tree ivy. All our carpet beds have a groundwork of hardy plants, such as sedu@m glaucum, antennaria tomentosa, veronica repens, variegated anabis, and herni- aria, and these as well as the golden pyrethrum, are not disturbed, but the @ﬁgures are @ﬁlled in with ajuga reptans rubra, small beetroot, sem- pervivum californicum, neat sprays of coloured ma@honia, box, hollies, aucuba, and ivy, with small cupressus, retinosporas, and iris foetidis- sima variegata, the three latter being used for dotting or single prominent plants. In this manner a very pretty e@ﬀect is easily attained, and which appears to give more pleasure than even the summer occupants did. Other con- spicuous beds are also decorated in a somewhat similar manner, this bring preferable to naked soil, and obviating the employment of plants that would look dull all the winter, and would, as a rule, @ﬂower when there was no one here to see hem. ###################################### nothing but the bare walls left. Most of the furniture belonged to Mr Jno. Hutton, J.P., the landlord, and t@he late occupier of the house, which he lot f@urnishe@d to Mr Swan. All the valuable presents given to Mr and Mrs Swan on the occasion of their wedding were destroyed, together with valuable pictures and furniture, by which @Mr Swan has lost about £8,000 value of goods, covered by insurance. The rest of the furniture and house, belonging to Mr Hutton, will make the total damage to something like £15,000 to £20,000. Among the pictures was one by Haywood Hardy, the celebrated animal painter, which cost over £1,000.-Inspector Cook, Thirsk, Mr Jno. Hutton, Mr R. C. Swan, Mr and Mrs Cook, and Misses Elliot, were early on the scene. The members of the Northallerton Fire Brigade would have attempted to have saved some of the furn@iture from the front rooms, but were pre- vented, as it was deemed dangerous. The damage is partly covered by insurance. SIR RAYLTON DIXON COMPANY. Sir Raylton Dixon Company inform us that they have not received four additional orders, and that unfortunately they can employ very few men for some time to one ################ The condition of Lord Hamilton of Dalzell is u@nchanged. The Speaker of the House of Commons is progressing favourably, but his unable to leave London. Three men were seriously injured in a gas explosion in a saloon bar at ####### Hill, Camberwell, on Saturday evening. The annual distribution of beef to ######### and aged cottagers on the Prince of Wales's Sandringham Estate took place on Saturday. T@he remains of t@he late Mr @Stanhope will be removed from Sevenoaks to day, for interment at Revesby Abbey, Lines., on the following day. Mr Registrar Brougham has refused to rescind t@he receiving order r@ecently made against Captain O'Shea, described as of Victoria-street, West- minster, and elsewhere. At Leicester, on Saturday, a dyer's labourer named Tolley, living in Blueboar-lane, Leicester, shot his wife in the head with a revolver and then cut his throat. Both are dead. @The couple had lived unhappily together. A Dublin man named Ryan, a dyer, has been arrested in Dublin on a charge of wife murder. The parties had been drinking, and quarrelled. Some hours later the room was entered, and the woman was found dead and the walls, @ﬂoor, and furniture bloodstained. Florence Elboroug@h or Bailey, the barmaid at the Plough and Harrow, Hampton-street, Birm- ingham, who was shot by her lover on t@he 12th inst., died in the hospital on Christmas Day. Her assailant, who endeavoured to commit suicide, is still in a weak condition. Mr Hugh Nettlefold, of t@he @ﬁrm of Nettlefolds Limited , and of ######## Edgbaston, Bir- mingham, died on Saturday morning. He was a nephew of Mr Joseph Nettlefold, the senior partner of the @ﬁrm with which Mr Joseph Chamberlain was so long connected. The Lord-Lieutenant has reprieved the Rev. George Gri@@ﬃths, on the ground of insanity. The rev. gentleman was sentenced to death at the recent Cork A@ssizes for the murder of his mother at Ki@lﬂynn, on June 22. The sentence has been commuted to one of penal servitude for life. At Ulster Assizes on Thursday John and Thomas Donnelly, farmers, Collahana, county Armagh, who were found guilty on Wednesday evening of conspiring to murder their cousin, Jas. Thompson, in April last in order to get his share of a fortune of £5.000 left by a relative, were sentenced to seven years' penal servitude. The Editor of the Medical Annual ######################## ##### ## ####### used to add to t@he solu- ###### of many the #### at present sold, but that@ in ############################################################################################################################################################### AT WEST HA@RTLEPOOL. A @ﬁre which resulted in considerable destruction of property broke out on the premises of @Mr. W. Johnson, tobacconist and hairdresser, of Stock- ton-street, West Hartlepool, about half-past six on Saturday morning. The @ﬁre was discovered by a youth ####### ######## who gave t@he alarm at the @ﬁre station. Police-Inspector Cruicksbank, Sergt. Collison, a@nd P.C. Long@sta@ﬀ soon arrived on t@he scene, but the @ﬁre was burning so furiously that they were unable to render any assistance. Capt. Allen, who proceeded to the spot with a detachment of men, quickly succeeded in putting out t@he @ﬁre. The stock, which included a large quantity of tobacca, cigars, and @Christmas goods, was entirely consumed, and the promises seriously damaged. Mr Johnson, who estimates the value of the stock at £600, of which £400 is covered by insurance, did not reside on the ######################################### the weather on Christmas Day was beautifully @ﬁne@ in the morning-quite unseasonable, as some would say but those who had to go with an empty stomach and shoeless feet would appreciate the splendid springlike morning better than the rigours of frost and snow. In the afternoon, however, the weather changed, and rain fell heavily about three o'clock. Several bands were early astir, playing appro- priate melodies, and at all the places of worship the special Christmas services were well attended. The usual Christmas dinner was given to the inmates of t@he Workhouse, 874, t@he largest number on record, partaking of an excellent repast of roast beef and plum pudding, in serving which the Master and Matron were assisted by Councillor W. J. Bruce, County Councillor @Sey- mour, Councillor Keay, Mr Allison, Mr D. D. Wilson, Dr. Longb@otham, Mr @Wm. @Hinton, and others. Beer a@nd lemonade were supplied by Mrs E. J. Weighell, of the Cleveland Bay Hotel@@ tea and tobacco were supplied to the adult inmates by the Guardians, who also provided fruit and sweets for the youngsters. Messrs Garnet Fish also presented a supply of hero beer. In the evening St. Barnabas Choir gave a musical entertainment to the inmates.-As custo- mary, the Vicar of St. Hilda's Rev. J. K. Bealey distributed a quantity of provisions amongst the aged poor of the parish. The annual distribution of groceries and beef among the poor of Grangetown was made on Friday to the amount of over £50, through the liberality of Mr James Eadie, of Burton-on-Trent, and Mrs David Evans, of Cleveland House, Grangetown. STOCKTON AND THORNABY. The weather was exceptionally mild and springlike. Late on Christmas Eve a strong south- westerly wind prevailed, and heavy showers of rain fell. The streets were, however, somewhat thronged by youths, and bands of carol singers were to be heard for several hours through- out the two boroughs. Services were held on Christmas Day in a number of the churches, and a general holiday was observed. At the Workhouse the usual Christmas festivities took place, and the Workhouse presented a cheerful appearance, having been extensively decorated. At breakfast-time all the women and children received Christmas cards, the gifts of Messrs A. G. Taylor, photographers, Stockton, and Mrs Denton, of Norton. Shortly after noon the whole of the inmates sat down to the usual Christmas dinner, consisting of roast beef, plum pudding, c., with beer for the adults, and lemonade, generously given by Messrs H. H. Wren@@ Co., for the younger portion of the inmates. The dining hall was tastefully deco- rated with mottoes, festoons, @c., thanks to the skilful hands of the boys' warden Mr Hardy , Mr Gillston, the inmates, and others, under the supervision of the Matron Mrs Hatcher . A number of outside friends assisted in the carving and generally looking after the wants of the inmates, the following being present -The Mayor and Mayoress Councillor and Mrs Langley , Mr Henry Smith, J. P. vice-chairman of the Board of Guardians Councillor W. M. Watson, J.P., and Master and Miss Watson, Mr @R. W. Robinson and the Misses Robinson, Mr Whittle Guardian , Rev H. Fisher. Mr George Power, Mr Joseph @Po@wer, Mr W. T. Pescod, Mr and @Mrs J. Duntho@me, Mr C. Hatcher, Mrs Gregory, Mr T. H. Marshall, Mr Storrs, and the o@@ﬃcers. After the substan- tial dinner had been done ample justice to, oranges were distributed to the juveniles given by Messrs A. S. Holmes Co. and tobacco and sn@uﬀ among t@he adults.-The proceedings ter- minate@@d by a hearty vote of thanks being accorded to the Mayer and Mayoress for their presence@ on the motion of Councillor W. M. Watson, seconded by @Mr @Henry Smith, and in reply the Mayor addressed a few kindly words to the inmates.-A vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies and gentlemen who had kindly assisted.-At the Victoria Grounds there was a fair assemblage of spectators to witness a football match between the Stockton and Darlington football teams. It had, however, to be dis- continued by reason of the rain that fell during the aft@ernoon, no score having been made on either side. The inmates of the almshouses were kindly remembered by Mrs Wright, Mr Jordison, and Councillor and Mrs Harrison, who sent generous gifts of various kinds. DARLINGTON. Christmas in Darlington was commemorated in much the same manner as in previous years, though the heavy rains and high winds of Sun- day and Monday were far from what is usually understood by t@he term Christmas weather. Until a late hear on Saturday night the main streets of the town were unusually thronged, and the purvey@ors of Christmas fare, Christmas cards, and presents drove a thriving trade. Sunday was not marked by anything out of the usual course until late at night, when numerous parties of carol singers visited the dwellings of many of @the principal residents. The Christmas Day morning services at t@he churches and chapals were well attended and several special services and sacred concerts took place in the afternoon and evening. At St. James's Church on Christmas Day there were 97 c@ommunicants at the early and later celebrations. A mission service, illustrated by lantern views, was held in the evening in the parish roam, the subject being The Story of the Nativity. On the Sunday evenings during Advent similar ################ after the service in the church, were held, and were largely attended. The subject of the addresses was The Story of Creation, Redemption, and Sancti@ﬁca- tion, as set forth in the Apostles' Creed. Each address was illustrated by views from the paint- ings of the great masters. Th@e inmates of the Darlington Workhouse, to the number of #### had their Christmas dinner of roast beef and plum pudding, provided by the Guardians. The dining hall had been prettily decorated under the superintendence of the Master and Matron Mr and Mrs Hurworth . Amongst those present, and w@ho assisted in serving the dinner, were His Worship the Mayor Councillor G. W. Rortlett , Miss Bar@tlett, #### ## K. ####################################################################### Christmas dinner of roast beef and plu@m pudding, with beer, took place. @The walls were tastefully decorated by the Master and Matron. It may be state@d that the whole of the good things were provided by Mr @and Mrs Bouson, who were accompanied by Mr Jones Guardian . BISHOP AUCKLAND. Christmas Eve was wet, changing to @ﬁne with bright moon. Christmas Day was beautiful, with bracing breeze and bright sky, followed later by rain and then @ﬁne weather. Services were held at the churches and at the Wesleyan Chapel, and season decorations were observable. Salvation and Volunteer bauds and waits were about as usual, and the holiday generally was decorous and uneventful. The annual feast to the poor children to@ok place at the Temperance Hall, though unfortunately, to the general regret, Mr and Mrs H. Foster of Hill Crest, were absent through indisposition. For many years Mr Foster has virtually been the founder of ####################### he has raised the subscriptions and ################################ of the whole. Between @ﬁve and six hundred guests assembled in relays, giving @@the customary cheers for all friends, receiving from Mrs Foster a pretty card each, an@d being handed, further, an orange. Amongst the helpers were Councillor Lingford, Mr and Mrs @E. Lingford. Mrs J. T. Proud, Mr and Mrs F. V. Foster, Miss Barton Winchester , Misses Cleminson 2 , Gibson, Wardle, Macnamarra, Alderson, Turnbull, We@ar@mouth, Savage, Mr and Mrs G. Dyson, Mrs Rase, Messrs W. @H. Foster, Sydney Foster, Jonathan Jackson, M. Braith- waite, M'Clymont, T. V. Smith, Ralph Hull, Jas. Robinson, H. and W. Simpson, F. Dyson, and Henderson, Messrs Caningham who pur- veyed the luscious beef , W. Kilburn, Joshua Moseley. Cooking, baking, @c., was adroitly done by Mrs Dyson, Mr Cuningham, and Mr J. Henderson.-At the Workhouse the inmates had a Royal dinner, a large, towering Christmas tree, laden with toys, occupying the centre of the dining-hall. Councillor Peverell was a visitor, and gave useful assistance at the table. The house is beautifully decorated, the greenery coming from the Windlestene and Whitworth Estates.-The Olive Branch Division of the Sons of Temper- ance held their annual festival at the Temperance Hall, and there was an over@ﬂowing tea. waited upon, in relays, and very cheerfully, by Mrs and @Misses Gibson 2 . Miss Gibson South-road , Mrs and Miss Gedney, Mrs and Miss Selby, @Mesdames Souther@on, Rawe, and Hodg- son, and Clough, and Miss Davison. At a crowded entertainment afterwards Bro. Joshua Moseley, Alliance secretary at Birmingham, pre- sided, and gave a spirited address on the principles of the order, also giving the connective readings in a service of song.-Bro. T. Clough. secretary, read a report disclos- ing remarkable facts, and showing that whilst sickness and death had been stalking abroad everywhere the @hand of a@ﬀliction had fallen lightly on them as a society. Fourteen new member@ had been admitted, and the year closed with 265, contributions ranking at £357. Applause. Sick pay had absorbed £175 10s, and one wife's death £8. The death rate of members was nil. Ap- plause. Management expenses left a net pro@ﬁt of £95. Of cadets 38 had been ad- mitted, and the year end showed 122 on the books, Here again there was a@ pro@ﬁt-namely, £19 10s-making a total pro@ﬁt on th@e year of £115. Applause ##### Applause. T@he lives numbered 480, and only one death had occurred -or a rate of only two per thousand. Applause. Over the @ﬁve years the death rate, with an average ################################################################################################################### was held after tea, which was ad- dressed by the Revs. W. H Gorham. T.Stephenson, J. ########################################### gave a gr@@and concert before a large company. A ############# was held on Christmas Day in the New Shildon Wesleyan Chapel, preacher the Rev. J. Water-@@ house.@ -The Primitive Methodists at Old@@@ Shildon had likewise a largely attended tea. ### a lecture afterwards delivered by Mr ## Middl@esbrough.-At All Saints' Church, # Shildon, the usual appropriate services ### ######## to good congregations. ################ customary services were held in the @Parish Church and Wesleyan Chapel in the morning. In the evening the Wesleyan Vigilance Band held its annual meeting ############### day school, when addresses were given by M@essrs Sproates, Norwan, and Hillary, the chair being occupied by Mr Gradon. At the ############## supper took place. At the Primitive Chapel an entertainment consisting of songs, solos, speeches, and recitations was given on behalf of the Sabbath School the recently- formed string band also took part in the enter- tainment. A co@ﬀee supper closed the proceed- ings. During the day the band of the @Salvation Army played selections throughout the town, and the Good Templars also sang ####################### Christmas Eve the Baptists held special services during t@he early part of the day, and a service of song at night entitled The Bells Across the Snow. The readings were @by Mr A. Westwood, of Bishop Auckland condne- tor, Mr G. Morgan harmoniumist, Miss P. Jenkins. On Christmas night, in the same place, an entertainment was given, consisting of songs, solos, recitations, c. Mr Joe Sykes and party gave the sketches entitled John Mason's Rescue, and A Domineering Wife. Songs by Miss Blackburn. Durham Miss Henderson, Witton Park and Miss Laweyers and Miss Mus- grave. High Grange, were rendered at intervals. @Mr Peacock and Miss P. Jenkins presided at the harmonium. ####################### Saturday after- noon a sale of work and Christmas tree was held in the Primitive Methodist Chapel. The opening ceremony was performed by Dr. Hewitson, of St. John's Chapel, accompanied by Mrs Hewitson, who were introduced by the Rev. R. Walton. The stall-holders were -Mrs R. Walton, Mrs Moore, Mrs John Kidd, Mrs Jos. Kidd, Mrs Freeman, Mrs Lee, Mrs J. Walton, Miss Maddison, Mrs Furness, Miss Herdman, Miss Kidd, Misses Forster, Miss @Lonsdale, Messrs Barkus, Furness, Moses, T. Walton, and J. Forster. A public tea and supper were also pro- vided, to which a large number of people sat down. The chair, @un@der the leadership of Mr Freeman and Mr Kidd, rendered a choice selec- tion of anthems, choruses, @c. The total pro- ceeds were £87 13s 9d. TEESDALE.-According to usual custom the volunteers mustered in uniform, headed by the Middleton Band, and accompanied by the Hon.n. Lieut.-Col. French and Lieut. Murray, and marched to @St. Mary's Church, where the service was fully choral, the sermon being preached by the Rev. E. Swallow, of Durham, in place of the rector, who has been @suﬀering from in@ﬂuenza. The church was @nicely decorated, the work of t@he Misses Catterick and Armstrong and Messrs Hetherington.-The Baptists hel@d their annual festival and anniversary services, commencing Saturday e@vening, when a sacred concert was given in the Hude C@hapel @by the choir and Miss L. Cairns and Mr W. Thompson. Recitations were also @given by the @Messrs Charles and Howard Charter. @Chairma@n, Rev. W. @H. Gorham, of South ############## Shields, who also preached the annual sermons ######################### In the afternoon the Sunday school@@ children gave recitations, and the choir sang sacred anthems. On Monday the annual festival ################################# DEATH OF MR ROBERT WADE. We have to-day to record t@he death of an old Darlington standard,d, and one of the most familiar @ﬁgures #### ########## market-day, who succumbed ###################### at his residence, Little Burdon, on Christmas Day, in his 78th year. Mr Wade ################# a ####### with@@ Mr Frank Theakstone, grandisther of the@ pre- sent head of the business in North@gate, and on the conetusion of his term of apprenticeship com- menced business on his own account at Barton. Some thirty years ago he relinquished business at Barton and became the occupier of t@he farm, on which he died@ at Little Burdon. Mr Wade was heid in high repute by the agriculturists of the district, and was especially noted for his excel- lent results in feeding stock, having for years past taken prizes at the Christmas fat stock shows at the Fair@ﬁeld and other marts. He held many public o@@ﬃces, being the senior member of the Darlington Board of Guardians, to which he was returned as Guardian for Merton Palms in 1857. He sat on the Finance. Assessment, Work- house Visiting, Asylum Visi@ting, and School At- tendance Committees of the Board of Guardians and @he was also Chairman of Darlington Rural Sanitary Authority, i@n connection with which body he held seats on the Finance, Food and Drugs, and Legal, Coc@kerton, Blackwell, Hur- worth. Middleton-St.-George, and Heighington Committees. An old member of the Darlington Chamber of Agriculture, he was chairman of the Council of the Horse and Dog Show. He was also vice-chairman of the Darlington Highway Board. Mr Wade had been four times married, and leaves a widow the sister of the late Mr Joseph Robinson, at one time proprietor of the King's Head Hotel and one son, John, who occupies a farm at Sadberge. The funeral will take place at Sadberge on Thursday. Mr John Wildsmith has been unanimously re-elected the operatives' representative at the Consett #### and Steel Works and one of the ﬁve candidates, M@r Hy. Lodge @the ##### dele- gate , has been appointed representative of the ######################### the Arbitration ########### bodies for t@he ensuing pear. T@he ############################################################ R. M. Wilkes, Miss Wilkes, Councillor T. B. Swinburne, Mrs and Miss Swinburne, Councillor J. Howden, the Misses Howden, Councillor T. James, Mr R. Rogers, Mr W. Hogg Whessoe , Mrs and Miss Hogg, Mr Isaac Smith, Mr and Mrs R. R. Smith, Mr W. Robinson, Mr F. Theakston, @Mr and @Mrs ############## the Rev. A. Boot, Mrs Boot, Rev. A. Wild, Rev. R. Allan, Miss H, Barron, Mr A. Davidson, Mr T. Mais, Inspector Spar@ks N.S.P.C.C. , Mr J. W. Alnwick, @@C.-After full justice had been done to the good t@hings provided, Mr C. H. Leach the Clerk read a letter from Mr Theodore Fry, M.P., expressing regret on behalf of himself and Mrs Fry at not being able to be present on that occa- sion owing to a previous engagement.@-@Edward Earle, one of t@he inmates, then proposed a vote of @thank@s to the members of the Boa@rd for ##### @hind ####### providing auch a feast.-The propo- sition was carried by three hearty cheers.-The Mayor then ############# @@inmates, and in the course of his remarks said it was the desire of every member of the Board to make the ########## happy as possible at this festive season. Be also stated that be and the This was the average rate over 27 years. Applause. -Other friends present included Messrs R. Rutherford. W. Harrison, J. Lincoln, J. Clough, R. Curtis, Burnip, Bro@mbridge, Southeron, @c.-At South-road Chapel there was a sacred concert-Miss M. Crawford soloist. Mr G. Dyson manipulated a series of lime- light views, and Mr J. Ramsden presided. At Councillor Lingford's orphanage the cosy rooms were brightened with toys, decorations, and presents, of which the children received a large share. The Baptist and Primitive ministers, and Mr Nichol, Mr Wood, c., were visitors and speakers.-@T@he annual performance of Mrs Rayner's music pupils took place in the Edgar Memorial before a select company. Solos and duets were undertaken with success by Misses F. Burden, L. Row@ntree, Hutchinson, Heslop, Wil- kinson, Kilburn 2 , Redman, L. Woo@d, Rayner 3 , M. Balgarnie, Frank, E. Braithwaite, I. Wood, Goese, M'Callum 2 , Livesay 2 , and Masters Proud, G. Gage, and Harburn. Miss Rowntree is a pupil of Mrs Inch, of Darlington. The High School choir sang at intervals. The Wesleyans held a sale of work in the British Schools, opened by one of the ministers. A public tea was also in the programme, and the bye-attractions included carol concert, magic lantern, musical drill, and maypole, under the direction of Mrs Chinn, c. RIPON. The Mayer and Corporation, in t@heir robes of o@@ﬃce, attended service at the Cathedral, which was decorated. The Dean preached an appro- priate sermon from St. Matthew's Gospel, ii.. 22 At the afternoon service the Christmas portions of the Messiah Handel were sung from, For behold to Glory to God. An address was given by the Rev. S. Reed, precentor. A special service was held at Trinity Church, and carol services at Zion Chapel and Allhallowgate Mission Room Trinity parish . The Workhouse inmates had the customary special fare. The Bishop of Ripon preached at the Cathe- dral on Sunday night in aid of the navvy mission. NORTHALLERTON. The Northallerton Ri@ﬂe and Temperance Bauds perambulated the town. The inmates of the Cottage Hospital and the Workhouse dined o@ﬀ special fare. At All Saints' Church the usual charities were dispensed by the Vicar and church- wardens, and there were special services, for which the church was appropriately decorated. RICHMOND. The various places of worship were decorated. At t@he Parish Church Miss Winks sang the solos in the carols, and the Rev. A. C. Briggs rendered The Star of Bethleham. Midnight mass was held at the Convent, and during Christmas Eve the Corporation Band played. The usual treat given by the Guardians was held at the Work- house, which was prettily decorated, and the repast was served up in splendid style by Mr and Mrs Brierley, the master and matron. Assisting at the tables were Captain, Mrs, and Miss Geraldine Walker. Mr C. G. and Miss Tate, Major and Misses Mason, Dr. Carter and Mr Carter. Mr Wensley and the Misses Hunton, @Mr Robert Simpson, @@Mr John Hall, and Mr William @Struthers. The Marchioness of Zetland gave tea, @c., besides inviting the inmates to Aske Hall on Thursday next Mrs Roper gave tea, sugar, tobacco, and cakes Miss Barclay, ######################################################### followed. A Christmas tree and a stall of work f@ormed a great attraction to the festival. On Saturday evening the Middleton Band held a social evening in the Lead Company's schoolroom, which was well patronised. The Pride of Middleton Lodge of Druids held their annual festival on Saturday. A full report will appear in the Auckland Chronicle of this week. ################ and Mrs G. Y. Blair have again shown their generosity to the inhabi-tants of Hutton Rudby and district by giving their usual Christmas gifts to the villagers. Most of the families received a piece of beef, also clothes, oranges and sweets for the mothers and children. The workmen at the hall and on the estate have also been presented with a piece of beef and a plum ############################ services were held in the Parish Church. The inmates of the Work@house had special fare. Beer was sent by Mr M. Forster, J.P., Bishop Middleham @@tobacco, sweets, oranges, and apples by Dr. Sheraton and Mr Calvert oranges by Mrs La@ndreth fruits, sweets, and toys by Mrs R. Robinson, Mrs Colt-@ @man, Mrs Adamson, Miss Vi@ctors, and Mr Walker wines, Mr Fletcher, Sedge@ﬁeld, and Mr Archer, South Shields sweets by Mrs W. Coates. The arrangements were ably carried out by Mr and Mrs Bowes the master and matron , and the children of the Workhouse had each purchased a pretty card and presented them to Mrs Bowes, as a mark of their appreciation of her kindness. WINGATE.-A Christmas tree and sale of work was opened in the Literary Institute, Wingate@, on Christmas Day by Mrs Flectham, the proceeds being in aid of the Sunday school building fund@@ of the Primitive Methodists. A full report of the proceedings will be given in Friday's South ###################### @Mercury.@-@The railway employés of the district held their s@econd ###### supper on Saturday night at t@he Queen's Hotel, Wingate. After the removal of the cloth, Mr Beatty was voted to the chair, and a most enjoy- able evening was spent. During the evening Mr W@m. Elliott was presented with the emblem of Amalgamated Society of Railway @Servants for services rendered. GUISEROUGH.-At the Workhouse on Christmas Day the inmates had an excellent dinner of roastst bee@f and plum pudding, provided by the Gnar- dians. After dinner the men were supplied with tobacco and fruit, and the women and children with fruit and sweets.-The Primitive Methodists held a public tea in the afternoon, which was fairly attended. THIRSK.-Special services were held at the Parish Church and at Sowerby. The usual Christmas@ fare was partaken of at the Work- house, the dinner being served up by Mr and Mrs Woodh@all in enjoyable style, whilst the following were present to wait on the inmates -@Mr Charles Mc. C. Swarbreck, the Misses Swarbreck, Dr. Longford, Mr Robert Holyday, Mr Farndale, Miss Farndale, Mr G. H. and Master Hyam, Mr John Harriss, Miss and Master Amos, Miss Smith, and Miss Walton. BEDALE.-At the Parish Church the usual charities were distributed by the vicar and churchwardens, while Sir F. A. Milbank and other gentle@men distributed their Christmas gifts. Special services were held at Bedal@e Parish Church on Christmas Day. As usual Capt. Car- ter, the chairman of the Bedale Bench, gave each Mayoress intended giving the inma@tes another dinner on New Year's Day. Loud applause. He then moved a vote of thanks to the o@@ﬃcers for the excellent way they had carried out all the ################# for decorating the dining hall so tastefully. @Applause. -The motion was carried by ################ -The Workhouse Master @Mr ########################## on behalf of ############## and in doing so said they wished to make the inmates as comfortable as possible. ################### Swinburne, the Rev. A. Boot, C@ouncillor J. Hewden, and Ald. Wilkes also delivered brief addresses. Beer was supplied by Mr Isaac Smith, the licensed victuallers, and Mr H. Warwick lemonade by Mr W. ####### oranges by Mr J. Anwyll and Mr R. ######################### cards by Messrs Bailey Co , ####### Carter, and @Mr T. Wood holly, @c., by @Mrs D. Dale and Col. Wilson Cli@ﬀe tobacco by Capt. Swinburne and Mr J. Howden clay pipes by Mr Boston ############ K. Wilkes and ######################################################################################################################################################################################################################## 20 inmates dined o@ﬀ roast beef and@@@@ plum pudding, while the o@@ﬃcers were regaled with a goose. LEYBURN.-The Leyburn and District Brass Band paraded the town, and special services were held at St. Matthew's Church, which was @appro- priately ###################################################### Barracks the customary festivities were held. The Marchioness of Zetland has reopened her soup @kitchen, and on Saturday @Her Ladyship distri- buted warm winter clothing amongst the aged poor of the old town. The Misses Yeoman, of Prior House, have been during the past two days distributing winter comforts to several aged people in Richmond, and on Thursday they will entertain t@he whole of the Infant School children. BARNARD CASTLE. Late on Christmas Eve and during the early hours of Christmas morning rain fell heavily, preventing the usual amount of carol singing. Special services were held in St. Mary's Church #################################### places ##################################################################### c., by Mrs W. J. Stewart and ##################################### house. The Christian Lay Church held the annual tea on Christmas Day, when a good number partook of the good things provided by Mrs C. Appleton, Mrs Patterson, Mrs J. Mackie, Mrs Wake, Mrs @Robinson and Mrs Laws. After tea an entertain- ment was presided over by Alderman W. Harding. Songs were ably rendered by Messrs M'Nicholl, Cummings and Smith, and Messrs C. Reynolds and E. J. Laws mandoline solo by Miss Barker recitations by Messrs Llewellyn and Whatmough, and instrumental selections by Miss Wilson and the Cockerton quartette. Miss F. Smith and Mr W. Heslop presided at the piano. THE HARTLEPOOLS. Christmas was observed here in a quiet manner. On Christmas morning rain fest heavily, and the weather was intensely cold, yet a large number of persons attended the early communion services held at @both ######################## churches were beautifully decorated with ######################################################################################################### Holy Trinity Church, ################ tastefully decorated. The members of the F Company 2nd Vol. Batt. D. L. L. marched to and from the former chur@ch in the morning, headed by their hand. The usual treat of roast beef and pl@um pudding was given to the inmates o@f t@he Teesdale Union Workhouse, and the festivities were continued in t@he evening. A public entertainment was provided at night by the young people of the Primitive Methodist Society. Mr A. Hilton presiding over a large and appreciative audience. Part I. consisted of miscellaneous items, and a Christmas cantata, The Frost Queen, made up a g@o@od second par@t, the characters being ably represented. The third part was a performance by twelve members of the Boys' Brigade by kind permission of the Rev. A. H. Ford . Some interesting drill exercises were gone through in a most creditable manner, under the command of Sergt. Quelch, of the 3rd D.L.I. SHILDON.-At the Parish Church of St. John's special and appropriate services were held, the o@ﬀertory being devoted to the fund for the sick and aged. The Wesleyan Methodists at Old Shildon had their annual bazaar, its object on this occasion being to raise funds for the Sunday School Building Extension Fund. Mr Kellet, of Bishop Auckland, appropriately discharged the opening function. Mesdames Marquis, Reed, Ritso@n, Brown, Richardson, and Jameson, the Misses Ritson, Mabey, Brunskill, James, and Tyson presided over the various stalls, and were ably assisted by #### Ritson, Watson, Robson, Muggerldge, Coates, Smedloy, and Brabben. A grand concert was given in t@he evening by the New Shildon Wesleyan Choir, @under the leadership of Mr W. Metcalfe.-The Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants had their annual tea, and afterwards ad- journed to a concert given by the Tem- perance Brass Band, under the leadership of Mr W. Gibbon, the proceeds of tea and concert to be given to @the orphan fund. A sale of work was opened on Saturday in the New Shildon Wesleyan Schools, and continued on Christmas Day. On Saturday On Sunday morning, the extensive warehouse of Messrs Richardson @@Collitt, general and fancy goods dealers in Prince Regent-street, Stockton, was burnt. About 1.40 a.m. P.C. Feat@her@stone observed that the building was on @ﬁre and promptly communicated with the @ﬁre brigade. The @ﬁre station being situated in the next street the brigade, with engine, hosereel, and steamer, under the command of Capt. Appleby, were able to be on the spot within a minute after the information was received. The building was in a mass of ﬂames, and the e@ﬀorts of the brigade were mainly directed to saving the adjacent property, and having a good supply of water they were able to con@ﬁne the con@ﬂagration to the warehouse. Nearly the whole of the stock was burnt, and the building was considerably damaged, nothing but the walls remaining. It is not known how the @ﬁre originated. The stock is insured. NORTHERN IRON TRADE. THE OPERATIVES AND THE SLIDING SCALE. A special private meeting of the operative delegates of the North of England Board of Conciliation and Arbitration for t@he Iron @and Steel Trade was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Dar- lington, on Saturday, to consider the o@ﬀer of the employers made at the last meeting-the renewal of the sliding-scale on the old basis. The whole of the works of the North of England were represented, and Mr William Kettley ### sided. There was a strong feeling that certain action of the Stockton Malleable Company since the o@ﬀer of the employers made it di@@ﬃcult for the operatives to favourably consider the employers' o@ﬀer or to accept it. After a long discussion, however, it was unanimously re- solved that the operatives could not accept the o@ﬀer of the employers until the action of the Stockton Malleable C@ompany was thoroughly gone into, and a guarantee given that in the event of the workmen accepting the o@ﬀer of the employers, it should be strictly adhered to, and that no @ﬁrm should endeavour to induce the workmen to accept a private reduction during the con@tinuance of the scale. A resolution was also passed to the e@ﬀect that the question of the shortening of hours in the iron and steel mills in the district should be dealt with. #####