[OCR_toInput] I -EXETER FLYING POST, SATURDATi DECEMBER 8, 1894 PERSONAL. ioa#I W. H. Parkin. Mayor.of odmin, id yeeterday after a long illness. Min Maud Bramwel . of Penzance, ha won ,X Hopluooon gold medal at the Royal College of Music. ! The Rev. B. Mills yettorday accepted th Wring of St. Paul's, Tiverton, offered by the Karl of Harrowby. rO-DAY-S FOOTBALL. Bt Telegraph, Telephone, Cabbies Pigeon, and Messenger if The Mayor of Dartmouth Captain R Orme Webb.R N. , was entertained by theCorpora-tion at a complimeatary banquet last .•evening fc The funeral of Mr . Charles Wilson, wife , of the Rev. C. Wilson, formerly pastor of Bherwill Chapel, Plymouth, took place atPly-1 month Cemetery this morning. Y Lord Coleridge was sued in the Westmin-efer Connty Court yesterday for £35 repairs done to to the premises of a club in Graftou-street of which he is hon. secretary. Judge Lnmley Smith hold that defendant was not liable, and dismissed the action. 1 Visitors at the Rougemont Hotel, Kxeter this week include Mr MacKensize, Mr Ford, Mr Swanbro, Mr Pirn, Mr Sraallbones, Miss Hart, Mr Norris, Mr Carpenter, Mr Masters, Rev Carter, Mr Sara, Mr Ballentine, Mr Cook, Mr Fryer, Mr Oldroyd, Mr Pope, Mr B Toose, Mr and Miss Tayler, Mr Hastings, Mr Fenn, Mr and Mrs Tetcombe, Mr Cullen, Mr Brown, Mr Kappeloff, Mr Knowles, Mr Buckingham, Mr Cope, Mr Iteicestcr, Mr Miobal, Mr Edwards, Mr Goulding, Mr B Price, Mr Grant, General Stokes,M r Bradbury, Mr Pahill, Mr Lyde, Mr Tyler, Mr and Mrs Mann, Mr Richardson, Rev Tremler, Mr Royle, Mr and Mrs Mrs Jnlien, Mr Lowe, Mr Aliston, Mr Andrewes. Mr Gabriel, Mr Borwick, Mr Jarmin, Mr Burey, Mr Sutton, Mr White, Mr, Stevenson, General and Mrs Buchanan, Mr Wright, Mr Donald, Mr Meindo, Mr Beelsey, Mr Simpson, Mr Morgan, Mr Lamb, Rev and Mrs Nevill Lovett. LOCAL NEWS. £500 Insurance.-In our sixth page will be found a coupon insuring our subscribers Against railway accidents, the insurance teing undertaken by the General Accident .Issuance Corporation, Limited. There was a large and fashionable audience , ' t the Theatre last evening to witness The .Private Secretary The company will terminate their stay in the city this evening. 'Next week the drama At Duty's Call Will occupy the boards. Ladies' Night. -At the Constitutional Slab last evening the Harmonic Society held ladies'night. In the absence of Mr. Coun cillor Fulford, Mr Councillor Surridge pre aided over a good attendance, and a varied programme was gone through, the entertain-uent being demonstratively appreciated. Granted-Mr. J. W. Williams, of the fxeter Inn, Barth olomew-street, wasgraoted it the Exeter Police Court this morning by Messrs J W Petberick, 1 R II Daw, II Gad I, and W Brock, an occasional license to sell intoxicating liquorsat the annual distribution of prizes to the Exeter Artillery Volunteers at the Victoria Hall on Friday, 14th inst. South American Missionary Society.-SeriBODs will be preached in aid of this sooiety to-moirow at Allhallows, Goldsmith-street, by the Rev. W. E Martlew in the morn ing, and the Rev. Canon Trefnsis in the after noon at St. Mary Major at the children's terries, 3, by tbs Rev. W. E. Martlew, who will preach at St. Paul in the evening, the Rector occupying the pulpit in the morning, and Canon Trefusis preaches at St. Stephen in tbe morning. The annual meeting will he held in the Chapter House on Monday, Cano r Trefnsis presiding. Inquest.-Mr. Coroner Hooper held an inquest at 27, Molbourne-street, Exeter, this morning on the body of William Henry 8taddon, aged 7 months, child of Emma Staddon, domestic servant, which was horn in the Workhouse. Mrs. Woolgar said she was paid 4s a week to look after the infant, which she fed on thin corn flonr and other things. On Monday it was taken bad in its inside, and she sent for Dr. Harrison, but it died on the Wednesday. Mr. Harrison, surgeon, said he was of the opinion that the child died from diarrhoea and convulsions, and the jury returned a verdict of Death from natural causes. J Royal Cot i.sor of Music.-Preliminary j examinations for 12 open free scholarships in connection with this college will be held on January 30th in various local centres throughout the United Kingdom, allotted as as follows -Composition 1, singing3. piano-forte 2, organ 1, violin 1, violoncello 1, wind instruments 3. The scholarships are open to all classes of her Majesty's subjects within Abe stated ages. They are each of the value of £40 a year, and entitle tbe holders to a •ysteuiatic free education in music, and arc a rule tenable for three years. In some cases maintenance is added. Farther in formation and official forms of application can bo obtained on application to Mr. George Watsou, secretary, Royal College of Music, Prince Consort-Road, Kensington, London, B.W., up to tbe end of December. West of England Eye Infirmary.-Monthly report-Patients admitted in Novem ber, 174 total under care for the month, 524 discharged, 156 remaining under care, 368. ATw suligrriptions-James Irish, Esq , The Cedars, Exeter, £i Is Mrs Walsh, Rockbeare Court, £1 Is Mrs Edward Sanders, Stoke House, £1 Is Mrs Kavnnagb, Sunneycroft, Exmoutb, £1 Is Major Harries Depot Devon Regiment , £1 Is Viscount Sidmouth, Upottery Manor, £1 Is Captain Thomas Bander , 1. Ringmore-road, Sbalden, £1 Is. Churcheolleetigm-Sonthniolton, per the Rev F King, £5 5s. Donations-A Friend, per ,Mrs Walsh, £1 Is Hon Mark Rolle, Stever.-j stone, 50 rabbits. Benefactions and sub-i scriptions will be thankfully received by A M j H Walrond,' Esq., Hon Treasurer, Kxeter Bank or at the Infirmary, Magdalen-strect, kxeter.-Adit. Out 1 Double Acrostic. A township and n lake A mood you can't mistake A monarch of whom Shakespeare wrote A shire with solid Home Rule vote, A modern town upon an ancient site A very worth3 f well-known Israelite The miser's God the usurer's delight. My firsts denote a ruler at the helm My finals what he rules, that is, his realm. ojamok re last wkf.k's dqubi.e acrostic, R am i H O riuoe O S ia M The Local Government Act. Withdrawals. Axminster. -The following have with drawn from the District Council for the parishes of Axmoufch and Rousdon-Mr Sloman Colyton-Mr F Stakes, jun. and Mr Bamuel White Chardstocfc-Mr Bishop and Mr Fryer Kilmipgton-Mr W Trott Lime Regis-Mr Load and Mr Radford Thorn-sombe-Mr W H Pinney. HONITON.-Messrs W Board, H Collins, And C Read have withdrawn their nominations as Guardians, and there will now be no C °Ottbry st Mary.-The Rev F B Dickin son has withdrawn Ins candidature as Guardian. _ , , ... Larcombk.-Mr T G Palmer has with drawn from the District Councillors'list. HarreRTON.-Mr Charles lowell, boot maker, retires from the Guardians election. SiLVRRTON.-Mr Barley has withdrawn, his candidature as Guardian Uffculmh.-The Rev Prebendary Bramley, Mr J New chairman of the old Guardians , and Mr E Heard drawn their ominations as Guardians. Board of have with-LIFTON v TAVISTOCK SCHOOL. Played at Litton, the result beieg a win for Litton by six goals to three. EXE ISLAND ROVERS v NAPIER JUNIORS. Played at Exeter, the result being a wio for Napier by four goals to nil. OAKS B v CRE DITON B. The Oaks second string took a heavy team to Crediton to meet the boms B team, and won by a goal, a dropped goal, and a try to nil, BLUNDELL'S v WESTWARD HO! This match was decided at Tiverton, the homesters winning by a goal and five tries to a try. Notwithstanding the runaway char acter of the game, it was a very good and enjoyable one, TORQUAY ATHLETIC B BUCKFASTLEIGH. Played at Torquay, the result being a point less draw. Buckfastleigh conceded three minors. ST. LEONARD'S v. PRACTISING SCHOOL PAST . This match was played at Magdalen-road, and ended in a win for St. Leonard's by a try to nil. BIDEFORD v. BARNSTAPLE B. DEVON Barnstaple B played Bideford at the latter place, and norwithstanding the fact that they had the services of Monty''Toller,were beaten by two tries to nil. SIDMOUTH v OTTERV This match was played at Sidmouth, and resulted in a win for the home team by a penalty goal and four tries to a penalty goal and one try. ALBION B y. KINGSBRIDGE. This match in connection with the Devon Junior Cup took place at Devonport, the result being a win for Albion B by three tries to one. ST. DAVID'S JUNIORS v. ST. SIDWELL'S JUNIORS. These teams met at Exeter, the result being a win for the former by a goal, a dropped goal, and four tries. BOVEY v. HEAVITREE. This match was played at Heavitree in fine weather and before a fair attendance of spec tators. Bovey were by far the finer team, but Heavitree were better at half. The first half was slow, but interesting. Just after the start Cooper, for the visitors, scored a try, which was not converted. After the kick out, Bovey again pressed, but it was not until near half-time that Cooper once more scored. On the kick out Heavitree rushed the oval to their opponents 25 but Bovey were relieved by a kick. Heavitree showed better play in the second half but could not score, and tne game ended -Bovey Tracey, two tries Heavitree, nil. EXETER B v HEATHCOTE. Played at Tiverton. Tbe visitors came two short and found two good subs in Britton and Pook of the Tiverton team. Exeter played a rattling game, whilst the homesters were somewhat noisy, and inclined to be rough. Cox for the homo team scored a dis puted try in the first half. Exeter had hard lines in not scoring, their wheeling of the scrum being splendidly. The final score was Heethcote-One try Exeter B-Nil. .' dr OAKS v CREDITON. The great match did not interfere with the attendance at Alphington-road, where an interesting game was witnessed between Oaks and Crediton. Sawer and Densham were not playing for the homesters, who played two second men. Soon after the start the visitors were awarded a free kick, but nothing better than a save resulted. Crediton forced play into Oaks' territory, and for a time looked dangerous, but a flue run by Peter Underhill put matters in a different light. He passed all his opponents but the back, and he in endeavouring to collar him knocked the ball out of his hands, A free kick for the homesters had the effect of livening matters up a bit, aud several smart rushes were made by either side, Johns being conspicious for Kirton. A rather easy chance for the visitors obtained after a smart run, was spoiled by wild passing, and the first half ended with no score. Oaks commenced to press directly the second half commenced, and from Crediton's 25 flag Gard made a good, though ineffec tual, atti Dipt, to drop a goal. A smart mark by Cornish at mid-field was practically use less, and a good run under difficulties, and in the thick of opponents, by Middlewick was equally unproductive. A pretty piece of running among the home threequarters brought the ball to the visitors' goal, and a punt over the bar resulted in a save. Gard very cleverly stopped a forward rush. A mark mid-way between the centre flag and Crediton 25, taken by Bates, was fruitless, and after a little exciting play a save in favour of Oaks resulted. Faulkner in the visiting 25 took from a scrum and passed to Goodman, who made a tricky run and scored in the corner. Bates' kick was a failure. A piece of wild passing by the home quarters made matters look a little dangerous but Garu caine to tbe rescue with a fine stop and Bates, picking up, passed to Cornish, who ran along the line and kicked to the centre under the goal, where the Crediton back took possession, and the ball was worked away from dangerous giound, aud exciting play in the home, territory resulting in nothing, the game ending-Oaks-One try Crediton-Nil. EXETER v BRIDGWATER. This match was played at the Connty Ground this afternoon. The weather was beautifully fine, but the attendance was fairly good. Preece kicked off and Culvenvell well re turned, Read sent back with advantage to the visitors 25 where the Bridgwater for wards came away to the centre. Labbett by a fine dribble took the leather dangerously near the home line, but the visiting back stopped his career. A series of long shots took place between the two tacks, the Kxoniar.s gaining the advantage. Labbett came away from the 25 and wriggling through a host of opponents scored a try in a favourable position. H. Reed took !h s kick and was successful. On the kick off the visitors took the leather to the home quarters but Harris relieved. Cnlverwell was well away ut Escott tackled him before he could get anything like dangerous The Exeter men by a dribl.le transferred operations to the visiting 25,'' where Cnlverwell relieved by a kick and run. The visiting threequarters exhibited some fine passing, but Escott well collared an opponent when very dangerous. Exeter quartette showed some fine passing resulting in Baker scoring. Reed made a splendid attempt to majorise bat failed. Not long after the kick off Labbett gave to Colson,who transferred to Reed. The latter went off, and handling off his opponents in fine style scored another fry for Exeter. No g sl resulted. F. Escott came away from the scrum and scored another try for Exeter. Reed kicked the goal. Nothing furth9r was scored up to half-time. Exeter -Two goals two tries Bridgwater-Nil Bridgwater kicked off, and Escott, well returned to touch in the centre. Escott received from a scrum and gave to Baker in his own 25. The latter came up the field, and, leaving Culvcrwell behind, ran in ar.d scored between the posts. Reed kicked an easy goal. On the kick oat Exeter attacked, V-DEVON WINS BY A TRY. This connty match waaplayed at Weston-' snper-Mare in deiightinl weather and on a splendid gronad. There was a very large attendance. The sides were as pub lished. Devon started and shewed fine passing against the Somerset dribbles, tut the former prevailing Stoyle scored and goaled. Even play followed exciting tactics without scoring, C Chardfor Somerset and Cbipman for Devou distinguish ing themselves, Boucher being compelled to save. At halftime there was no increase in the score, In the second half Somerset started with the advantage, compelliug the visitors to save. Devon's splendid passing, however soon reversed minor points, and Sowden scored, but the try was not im proved. a Play remained in mid-field for a considerable time, and was of give-and-take order. Hocken made a brilliant run, nearly scoring for Devon. Mermagen Somerset ran the full length of the field and scored, Rogerson converting. Result-Devon, one goal one try Somerset, one goal, from our own reporters. The greatest enthusiasm was witnessed at the meeting of Devon and Somerset in their match held at Weston-Super-Mare this after noon. It knew no bounds. It never did between these old deadly but friendly rivals and although Devon has never previously de feated Somerset since the advent of recognised organisation, and it was after drawing on two previous occasions at Barnstaple and Exeter respectively last year the Dumplings wero eventually beaten at Weston last season the teams have since materially changed, and Devon, who had a better advantage this year over Gloucester and Cornwall than did Somerset, as regards the number of paints in their victories. Thousands of spectators from all parts of the West of England-including several hundred from Exeter an i the adjoin ing towns-lined the ropes, and as the game progresses the merits of the respective teams, which were as follows, could be plainly seen -DEVON. SOMBSSET. Beck. W Hocken, Albion Boucher, Taunton Threequarters. H Stoyle, Barnstaple Mermagen, Wellington Westcott, Bridgwater Rogerson, Oxford by Btwles improved Somerset's poaittea. 'SOMERSET, kU, 'Salter took tbe oval into his opponents ground, bnt-vlong shot by Sowden was wel retnreed byBoncber. The visitors, however still attacked, bu t even tnallySomerset assumed the offensive. Passing between Chipman, George, Sowden neutralised matters, Soane stopping a dangerous rush. Hocken missed the oval, and Mermagen, rushing up, secured and scored, Rogerson goaling. ' The Doclress of York and the Duke and Duchess of Teck left London for Eaton Hill it noon to-day to attend the wedding of Prince Adolphus of Teok and Lady Margaret j BridgwfiUt _ M i, i yr'tevceor. I bat Culverwell well defended. Escott received from a scrum, and Labbett romping over the line scored again for Exeter. Reed goaled, H. Escott shortly afterwarts received and ran through a host of opponents winding up with a smart performance by dropping a goal while running. Within a few minutes Reed ran in, no goal resulting. The same player again notched a point, tne goal being successful. Nothing further was scored, and the game ended- . Exeter-Five goals, one dropped goal and three tries, W Bildings, Albion W H Sowden, Albion J Salter, Exmouth Chard, Bristol Halt-backs. W George, Albion Baker, Wellington J H Chipman, Tqy Ath Chard, Weston Forwards. GP Allington, Albion Woods, Bridgwater C Hawkings, Tqy Ath Hancock, Wellington C Thomas, Barnstaple Soane, Bath A May, Albion Ebdon, Wellington J Lsverty, Albion Vowles. Weston C Vieary, Barnstaple Boiseigle, Crewkcrne W Vanstone, Tquy Ath Botham, Bridgwater F Long, Albion D'Aguila, Bath The referee was Mr. Holmes Midland Oouutses , and the touch judges Messrs Dixon Devon and Fox Somerset. The Great Western Railway made special arrangements for convoying spectators to the match. They had announced a special train to be run from Dartmouth, taking up pas sengers en route, but it was found necessary to run it in two parts, one being started from Exeter, and only stopping at Wellington. This train-whioh took 250 enthusiasts -reached Weston at2.15, a quarter of an hour before time. The original Dartmouth section -having 700 passengers aboard-Reached Weston at 2,35 and the special taking 800 visitors from Barnstaple, Minehead, and other places along the Northern littoral steamed gaily into the station at 2.25. Altogether over 400 persons were booked from Exeter, 100 from Barnstaple, and 100 from Tiverton. The match was played iu splendid weather, and before about four thousand spectators THE GAME, May started for Devon, and Baker muffing, the leather the visitors attacked. Devon were awarded a free kick for offside play by C Chard but an attempt to place a goal by Stoyle failed, and the ball was saved. George turned the kick off, and Somerset were again placed on the defensive. Woods and Han-oock then carried the oval well into touch and Soane led a dribble to the centre, Play for a time kept in the centre, but George gained possession and passed to Chipman, who forwarded to Bildings, and Sowden getting the ball served to Salter, who ran near the home line. Hostilities were promptly taken back to neutral ground, Hancock heading a dan gerous rash Rogerson and Westcott attacked hotly, Stoyle. however, frus trating their efforts. Mermagen magni ficently kicked near Devon's line, but the venue of play was soon trans ferred to the centre. Boucher pulled Sowden over after an excellent run in front of the line Stoyle then scored, Hocken converting. Stoyle's try, it appeared, was obtained as follows George nearly ran in just previously, and play being on the ine George picked up and passed to Bildings, who served to Stoyle aud that player, as stated, scared, planting the oval behind the posts amid loud cheering which was renewed again when Hocken kicked a fine goal. Somerset afterwards pressed, theirforwards workiuggrandly under Soane's captaincy. May dribbled well, bat Rogerson put the oval into touch in Devon's ground. Excellent passing among the Devon hacks soon altered matter . Hawkings broke away, and Hancock retaliating Talter fell on the leather, play being central. George afterwards passed to Chipman, who gave to Sowden and his transfer pass to Salter was missed, biit the Exmouth man picked up aud kicked near the line, Boucher replying. A lucky flying kick by Wescott greatly relieved Somerset. Hocken took a shot at goal, Mermagen saving twice successfully. Nothing further was scored up to half time when the record stood -Devon-One goal. Somerset-Nil. SECOND HALF. Woods started the second half, Stoyle returning we'l into touch, and the same Devonian made a mark off a free kick by Woods, but Somerset proceeded to attack Sowden relieved with a kick, but the ball returned over the line, Hocken just saving Salter and Thomas succeeded in obtaining marks, but nothing came of the kicks, the homesters con tinuing to press strongly. After a series of scrums Chipman panted to neutral ground, and thus enabled Devon to breathe once more. Somerset, however, gained ground, Ebdon taking the leather to Devon's quarter flag, bnt the homesters warm ing once more to their work repulsed the onslaught. May then dribbled over the 50 line, Somerset for the first time during his half being put on the defensive. Excel lent passing between Chipman, George, Sow den and Bildings taking place. Stoyle eventu ally put in a magnificent rur,,and then followed another bout of passing George slipped awav from the scram, pasted to Chipman who forwarded to Bildings, and that player passed to Sowden, who scored a brilliant try jimid tremendous cheering on Hie part of the Devonian spectators. Hocken- foiled si goal. Even play followed, and jQjeu Devon, encouraged by their success, one mere attacked. Woods and Hanoock drib's! d to the centre, and a free kici Wck and o k The result of t ie match was-DEVON-One goal and one try SOMERSHT-One goal. The first intimation of the result of the game was publis led in Exeter in the window at the firming Post, the news being received with th9 greatest satisfaction as it rapidly sproad throughout tho city, and there is no doubt that the victorious team will have an enthusiastic welcome on arriving at the Ever Faithful this evening. Notes on the Game by Daddy. The bet' er side undoubtedly won in fact, it was only towards the latter end that Somerset got on Devon's line proper, and then it was when through a mistake of Hocken in not accepting the oval from Hancock's dribbling that Mermagen ns,me uo and s ored. It was the work of a moment. Throughout the Somerset play was some what disappointing, whilst Devon, with their pluck and undanr ted courage, played in such a manner that clearly showed them to be snperior. The visitors completely outclassed their opponents in passing, every back man justifying his place, and the forwards wheeled the scrums a,nd heeled out remarkably well. Where Somerset had the advantage was in the forward rushes, These they were able to accomplish art libitum, and with success they laid themselves open to a forward game, Hancock,Woods, and Soane were powerful, bnt the Devon men were equal to the task of frustrating their efforts. To mentionedly individnaiise the Devon players would be invidious, for they were grand to a man. The Devonian spectators present displayed overwhelming enthusiasm at their count victory, the welkin ringing again and again with the heartiest cheering when the fitia whistle had blown. NEWTON ROVERS v HEAVITREE B. A draw was tho result of this match between these teams at Newton. St THOMAS HARLEQUINS v St THOMAS WANDERERS. This match was played at Marsh Barton and ended in a win for the first named team by two tries to nil. Roberts aud Dodd were the soorers. ST. THOMAS JUNIORS v ST. LEONARDS 11. The St. Thomas boys won this match by a try to a cypher. MR. HOBBS'S XV v NEWTON COLLEGE 3rd. This match resulted in a win for Mr. Hobbs's XV by two goals and two tries to one try. HONITON v CREiVKERNE. This match was played at Crewkerne, the visitors winning by a goal aud two tries to nil. TAVISTOCK COLLEGE y RALEIGIL This match, contested at Tavistock, was won by the Collegians by two goals to a try. EXETER ASSOCIATION RESERVE v DAWLISH Y.MC.A Played at James' Park this afternoon before a small attendance. Exeter kicked off and soon pressed the goal keeper having to save within a few minutes. After even play for about ten minntes Addis secured the ball and dribbled up the field scoring the first goal with a good shot. A half time the score stood-E xeter-Two goals Dawlisli-Nil. In the second half the Reserves had matters all their own way, and kept the ball almost continually in the Dawlish territory. Tho Exomans added four more goals, and ran out easy winners, the Store being-Exeter-Six goals Dawlish-Nil CUMBERLAND v. WESTMORELAND. The last matches in the North-Western competition took place at Kendal in beautiful weather. Carradic-e kicked off for the home team, and for some time a fast and even came was witnessed, Braithwaite got over for West moreland, tut wae played La'k, Goodman suffered hard linos twice at a drop at goal. After some nice passing Fletcher scored near the corner flag for Cumberland, Moore failing to convert. Half time-Cumberland, one try Westmoreland, nil. Cumberlnud-One try Westmoreland-Nil. On the ball restarting, even play continued though the Cumberland forwards showed a slight superioriry. Davidson made a grand run for Cumberland, and directly afterwards Goodman almost dropped a goal for Westmoreland. A fierce tussle on tho strangers' line ensued until Kitchen gave relief. Both ends in turn were invaded, but without either team scoring. An interesting game ended-Cumberland-One try, Westmoreland-Nil. DARTMOUTH B v. K.NE STUDENTS B. At Dartmouth, an even game resulting in a diaw. R.N.E. STUDENTS v. DARTMOUTH. These teams met at Home Park, and being evenly matched a tine game ensued. It was only towards the close of the first half that the Students showed any decided superiority, and then Pendleton snatched up and went over with a try. Tho kick failed. The second half was just as evenly contested, play being very fast and scientific. Nothing more was scored,, and tho game ended -K.N.K. College-One try Dartmouth-Nil TORQUAY ATHLETIC v ALBION A. At Biadderly. Albion started, and play settled for a few minates in Torquay 25 but very soon the visitors' backs showed excellent play and for a cousiieiable time had the best of thtgame, Olver and Harding frequently breaking away. Proctor, an Albion forward, had a lib broken, and just after Causey scored a try and converted it. The second half was as even as possible, until five minutes before the call of time when after a splendid turn of passing of the threequarters, Kitto got in at the corner, the kick failed. Nothing further was registered and the score stood-Torquay Athletic-One try. Albion A-Nil. GLOUCESTER v CORNWALL, These counties met at Gloucester in line weather, the ground being soft Both teams had been beaten by Devon and Somerset. The home team were without Wallace, Watts, and Collins. The visitors were strong and after twenty minutes even forward play Bowley scored for the homesters. Haines succeeded in majorising. Some fine foiward rushes ensued and these gave tho Cm nighmen a look in, and they scored a penalty goal. More even play followed, but nothing further was scored up to the interval, when the score read -Gloucestershire-One goal Cornwall-One penalty goal. Result-Gloucester, one goal and a try Cornwall, a penalty goal. lo the second half Gloucestershire attacked and exacted a minor after ten minutes' pressure. The homesters had rather the best of the succeeding play which was very minteresting. Then Taylor nearlydicorcd and Lockyer, getting the ball in a line out, dropped over. Haines failed to convert. The ensuing play, wad fought out in the centre, maln'y by forwards. Bad passing lost Coi'S ajl. a chance, and nothing further eoihg dope the result was- •'■• Gloucesterghir -One goal one try Cornwall-Or.e penalty goal PENaRTH v NEWPORT. Newport boat Penarth by two tries to oil. NEATH v. PONTYPRIDD. Neath scored an easy victory ever Pont y priid by three goals and three tries to nil. BLACK HEATH v CARDIFF. The match at Cardiff resulted in a win for the visitors by a goal and two tries to two goals. NEWTON v. TOTNE5. Played at Newton and after an uninterest ing and ocassionally rough game, ended in a win for the home team by a try to nil. The point was made in the second half bv Wells, after a tricky iun. Mr. Beer, of Torquay, refereed. pEXMOUTH v ALLER VALE. This vas the grandest game on the AUer Vale ground for the season. Bradford started for the home team, and by well following up prevented a return. Tbe homesters at once commenced to press, and Exmonth was ~otr,m jelled to save. From the kick out the visitors played up smart for a time, hut were driven back again. Play being at half way, Hobbs intercepted a pass, and making a grand ran fell over the line, but was rolled into touch. The second half was very even, and there was no score. TAVISTOCK v. 2nd DEVON REGIMENT. Play at Tavistock. The homesters im-mediately broke awsy at the start, Kerswell shooting wide. Sargent shot past, and Tavistock obtained a corner, Mervifield falling. Play was somewhat furious and Waldron was knocked out, but was applauded on re-appearing. The Devons shot wide. Hands against Tavistock were callsd.and De Gray and Williams had to save. Tavistock continued shooting, but very erratically, and at half time nothing was scored. From a corner Waldron scored, but the point was disallowed. From hands against Devon Doirige scored, and Sargent shortly after registered a goal. Resut.-Tavistock-Two goals Devor -Nil EXETER v EAMPTON ASSOCIATION . These teams met under Association rales at Bampton. There was a fair attendance Kxeter started and quickly assumed tbe offensive, but erratic shooting and excellent defence prevented the visitors scoring more than twice up to half time. Mnch amusement was caused by the splendid tricky play of Kxeter. At half-time Exeter led by two to nil. In the second half plav went all in favour of Exeter, the home team seldom crossing the half-way line. Five more goals were added, and the result was-Exeter-Seven goals, Bampton-Nil. GENERAL MATCHES. Cambridge University beat Rosslyn Park Sunderland heat Small Heath. Sheffifld Widncsb y beat Stoke. Sheffield United v Liverpool, a tie. Wolverhampton Wanders v Derby Connty, a tie. Burnley heat Preston North End. Everton beat Bolton Wanderers, Aston Villa beat Blackburn. Notts Forest beat West Bromwich Albion. Cambridge University beat Old Foresters G EO. G. BUSSEY Co. are tne leading makers of requisites for Football, Hockey, Goif, Base-hall Gymnasia, and all Sports and Games. Illustrated catalogues may be obtained from the local dealers, or the Sports Manufactory, Peckharo, London. Trade Mark. Too Late for Glassification. ■y TANXKD a akarp willeducated TTI Light Company pncc.-No. 1,512, office of th 1 wv fate jT CESTS Christmas Number Father Christmas, Rhem Wine and eight other mu-, , ponce ' Goo.i Post free 3d.-John C. Eicetnr. Guest, Hi fi h flf CO IT Ad E Pianns f rom £7 Guest, 199, High-.treet, Eveter T O Ut Ni. 6.' Chap!eV-.v, rt r X . r . . Also 1, Paul-strenfc honw ' W AKTB forTorquay audlito £20. Parlourmaid. , General Servants for Ev ter Baker , Arcade Registry, Exeter ' AUCTION ON W1-dne, ii CHRISTMAS BEEF AND Ml -EXETfilt FAIR, Due. 13 ,,' MESSES. HUSSEY AND WHi Sell bv Auction 1 • ,. jj 5 v v Market on Wednesday. 1891. at 10 a.m. Present entries ._iaq Fat Devon Oxen, Steers, and H-f. r t choice Cross-bred and Longwool Ho Fat Bxmoors, 3 Fat Lambs. The whole of the above Stock i- t ripe, of the choicest quality, end tV ■ v the principal agriculturists in the nn .1. H. Queen-street, Exeter, Ii,o.. rv -. • •V-A SON ltd . COUNTY PARLIAMENT' 1894. ELEC ft A! 1 COUN CI I ACT, TO THE RATEPAYERS AND OF HEAVU'REK Lapifs asp Gkntif.mfv, I TNDER the above Art rf Uari .i by offer myself as a C.inu District Council, with the full .-... r , ing out the duties which tnav be as a representative of the dMre briefly mention mv past services 1 thirty years. First, as oivrrvet member of the Sanitary Committ member of the Board of Hturdi years, for which 1 received a te.tim.uii' • 240 subscriberr in rerognitinn of riiv services to the ratepayer- and poor o t...... fourthly, as an elected member .f th Trustees, with the approval of . ■ , missioner . Should 501 think r.iv worthy of your approval. I wi p-.v, . yon honestly, faithfully, and sin . r,-li t best of my ability. Your faiihfnllv. JOHN 'APRON 7, Stafford-terraee, Reavitree, Dec. 7-fn CITY EDITION. Conspiracy to Murder President. New York. Saturda A Rio despatch to the 11 arid state,, t two Italians and Portuguese have arrested charged with conspiracy to min President Moracs. The Good News from Brigg. The intelligence of Mr. Richardson's triumph in the Brigg Division caused the liveliest satisfaction in Unionist circles in Exeter and throughout the county this after noon, the idea being generally expressed that the rejection of the Gladstonian candidate has greatly weakened the Minis terial position. Oar Newton correspondent telephones this evening that the news of the result was received with pleasant surprise at that town. It was telegraphed to all parts of the division and placards were issued in a veiy short-time pointing the lessons to be deduced from the Unionist victories at Forfar and Brigg. Where is Hobbs J Under the receiving order recently rr- ' against J. W. Hobb , of Liberator notorjc . it is stated says the Central News the order sent to tbe convict at Worir.woo-Scrubbs Prison has been returned mark-' gone away, and no farther inform,-given the order was made upon the petit n of the liquidator of J, W. Hobis un i Co Limited Chief Constable sent to Goal. At Bradford Police Court to-diy Jam Philip Woodman, Chief Constable of Rugate, Surrey, was charged with ember mg monies of the Bradford Corporation amounting altogether to £250 Prisoner was f, riu-i.v chief clerk in the Bradford Police O'ic . and I fora period of three years had rys'emati- 1 v I falsified the accounts. Prisoner plea led ! guilty, and urged that he had vse! ther. r.yi j tor tbe support of relations. He was sentt ncec to five months' imprisonment. SPORTING. Run at 2.5 Great Sandown Steeplechase handicap of 300 sovs, tbe second to receive 25sovs, and the third 10 oat of tho race. About three miles and a half. Captain Aikin's Redbill Mr II Ripley 1 Mr Winger's Wild Man from Borneo Mr T J Widgcr 2 Mr Sbcdbeck's Badminton ...A Nightingall 3 Also ran -Ardcam, Torchlight, Schooner, Ceylon, Up and Down. Betting-7 to 4 agat Badminton, 9 to 4 Ardcam, luO to 12 Schooner, 10 to 1 Wild Man from Borneo, Torchlight, 100 to 6 Red-hill, Ceylon o . Ran at 2.35 Long Dittos- Selling Hurdle Rack of 200 j manner throughout The Kensington Murder. Accused before the Magistrate. Reginald Sannderson, ngrd 21, of Ki.s'cote Hampton Wick, was charged at i. Writ London Police Court before Mr Curtis Ber.t.etr this morning with the wilfnl murder d Augusta Daves, age abont 29, by cutting her throat in Holland Park-road, Kensington, or. November 25th last. A large crowd had assembled in the vicinity of the Court await ing the accused, wiio was brought from Kensington Police Station in the c isto-i v t Superintendent Ferrets, of the F Division, and Sergeants Thompson and Dvscn He was taken into the room assigned for the use of the police while waiting for his case 11 be called. FIs wore a iarge ulster, and his sovs. Two miles. Mr Hcasman's Prince Frederick. 11 10 Williamson 1 j Mr Gore's Gateshead, 11 5 Owner 2 Mr Hibbert's Samarcand R Nightingall 3 Also ran-St Dunstan, Surprise, Halsbnry, First King, Ribbie, Gilt Edged, Silver Image, King's Birthday, Toil and Trouble, Scottish Jewel. Betting-9 to 4 agst St Dunstan, 3 to 1 Prince Frederick, 7 to 1 Toil and Trouble, 10 to 1 Samarcand, 100 to 8 bar four o . Won in a canter by three lengths ei 'ht Ungths between the second and third. Ran at 3 10 Handicap Steeplechase of 100 sovs. Two miles. Mr McCorkell's Mariner Escott 1 Mr E Loder's Boy Chieftain touws-n 2 Mr Gooch's Wheatfield tread 3 Also 1 an-Great Scott II, Caromande II, Westmeath,gZieo, Pliny. Betting-13 to 8 sttit 11a i- e . 5 to 2 Great Sco t 6 to ljf'o Chiefiain, 100 to 8 bar three o . Won by four lengths a bad third. Great Scott 11 fell at the second fence and breaking one of his fore legs was speedily destroyed. Run at 3.40 Handicap Hurdle Race of 100 sovs. Two miles over eight hurdles Mr Miller's Will o' the Wisp Halsey 1 Mr It Walter's Shotaway Mr Davies 2 Mr Knight's Loyalty J Jones 3 Also ran - Simon Fraser, Cameronian, Wrangler, Sweetmeat, St Ignatius. Betting-9 to 2 agst Wrangler, Shota way. Loyalty, 5 to 1 Cemeronian, Will o' tho Wisp, 12 to 1 St. Ignatius, 10 to 1 Simon Fraser and Sweetmeat. Won in a canter by five lengths a neck separated the second and third.! 1 preceding?-Mr. Sims behalf aud unemotional, to prosecute on Treasury, and the accused ws defended. In opening the ca? Sims said the prisoner was a hoarder an establishment at Hampton V. m. appeared from there between s.x ar. o'clock on the evening of the murde ten o'clock the same evening he was the Haymarket, and at hail-pust o'clock a man answering to his dose was seen struggling with the woman, formal evidence prisoner was remau custody. The Bdltast Disaster. Resumed Inqusst. Me llv to Me id th-Sportsman Official Starting Prices. Moore Place FUt Race-Bowlegs, 100 to 8 agst I Selling Steeplechase-St .Anthony, 5 to 2agst Great Sundown Redhill, 100 to 6 agst Long Ditton Ildle-Prince Frederick, 3 to lag Handicap Steeplechase -Mariner, 13 to 8 agst H'cap Hurdle -Will o'The Wisp, 5 to agst Official Scratching?. Leicester engagements-All Mr John Craig's horses All engagements-Amiable Notes. Bradford the jockey spent another good night, and showed much improvement this rooming. ELLIMAN'S FOR ACHES AND PAINS. For Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sprains, Bruises, Sore Throats from Colei, Chest SPRAINS fc BRUISES. Colds. Stiffness, Cramp, Bronchitis, kc. Mr. .Lilian Girard. The Girards, Theatre Royal, UNIVERSAL Drury L idc, writes - -■ 1 have used your Em brocation with surprising Is ljd, and 2s 9J. effect, and never intend being without it. prepared only by SORE THROAT FROM COLD. Eiliman.SonsA Co. From a Clergyman. For many years I have Slough, used your Embrocation, and found it most efficacious in England, preventing and curing sore throat, fro j cole. EMBROCATION. The inquest on the Indies children killed in tbe panic Schoolroom last Wednesday resumed to-day before Mr. E. city coroner. Head Constab the first witness examined to-da Mr. MoCartan, M.P.. who npp' next-of-kin of the deceased, sai observations lie had made lie f have been physically ini, the lad O'Donnell, who ga yesterday incriminating the i now in custody to i aie sei taming ont the ca position in which O'Donnell st- -boy Hobbs, next examined, dtp was three feet lrom tbe coal lie the nas Dieter was placed, ar.d. d McKenna turing off the McCarter at this stag sa Mr. Culler., a school teacher, a Father McClean present in Court necessary they would go into the w.tr. and refutecertaio statements ma-i • i by tho advance acent of the ti ' ' company that via giriig the peit- r relative to being asked to send tcac keep order, an i also as to the of tho money piid tor admissn the show Tin Coroner sai l it was in porter,t that these motfeis stionl I bt into for the purpose of finding it the been ary negl g n e or culpability -port of anyone. Fur that reason he request both gentlemen to remain - A Kerri gam, one of the teachers of the s -which the disaster occurred, denied tti had received any invitation from eit Arthur or his agent to be present show. He was in his own hoi joining the school when the panic o He rnshcd into the building by tl door. Tbe place was in total Finding be was unable to light witness ran to the meter and tarne-The children were piled each other at the front his brother carried of them into the yard. . he been keys to lock up the cellar m wluca w meter is placed, but for over a V J. ., t..-_i-A harp imDO'SIDl at the cn to door. umbo a large ~ Kormerlv there had he been lost. It would have been lmpossi tarn out the gas at the meter in the described by the witnesses Hobbs. Iirjnir7 proceeding. O'Donr. i and Printed and Published by WILLIAM JONES, tor '.he proprietors, tne ' ' post'Company Limited , at tne ■ ' f '., ing Offices. North-street,in tbe Pa. . Paul s, in the City ot Exeter, on 3 ™' December 8tb, lSP aud ms VOL PHE FAIt S ,TL ' For 6ERVAV TO Li 21 Word-£8 .. E V II fgr Bcp! tc the L ' t 29. No' 1 ilTUA Post. Ladies plea ' stomp lor re selection of • Registry, 97. I P ART.OUl Wajp -references, i Aiiencv. New 2 Stamp f Burston, For Tutchi IV expe • Rawlings. Hu B A1 Li i H earliest li e v highest refegnmouti U NDER-1 of situa. Strand, hi, K ESPEui tiou a years' refer, Mitchell, Pm H ous. Bncl 4 Dawlish. JlNtiH J® month fr Grooms, £oo i ticu.'ars., a fnvtoloiwN ♦ Th borough ly n or.' l i ?f rr f L i tuawl,.. i T i. . v i ■■
[OCR_aligned] I -EXETER FLYING POST, SATURDATi DECEMBER 8, 1894 PERSONAL. @@ioa#I W. H. Parkin. Mayor.of @odmin, id yeeterday after a long illness. Mi@n Maud Bramwel . of Penzance, ha@ won ,X Hopluooon gold medal at the Royal College of Music. ! The Rev. B. Mills yettorday accepted th@ Wring of St. Paul's, Tiverton, offered by the Karl of Harrowby. rO-DAY-S FOOTBALL. Bt Telegraph, Telephone, Cabbies Pigeon, and Messenger if The Mayor of Dartmouth Captain R@ Orme Webb@.R@ N. , was entertained by the@Corpora-@tion at a complimeatary banquet last .•evening fc The funeral of Mr . Charles Wilson, wife , of the Rev. C. Wilson, formerly pastor of Bherwill Chapel, Plymouth, took place at@Ply-1 month Cemetery this morning. Y Lord Coleridge was sued in the Westmin-efer Connty Court yesterday for £35 repairs done to to the premises of a club in Graftou-@street of which he is hon. secretary. Judge Lnmley Smith hold that defendant was not liable, and dismissed the action. 1 Visitors at the Rougemont Hotel, Kxeter this week include Mr MacKensize, Mr Ford, Mr Swanbro, Mr Pirn, Mr Sraallbones, Miss Hart, Mr Norris, Mr Carpenter, Mr Masters, Rev Carter, Mr Sara, Mr Ballentine, Mr Cook, Mr Fryer, Mr Oldroyd, Mr Pope, Mr B Toose, Mr and Miss Tayler, Mr Hastings, Mr Fenn, Mr and Mrs Tetcombe, Mr Cullen, Mr Brown, Mr Kappeloff, Mr Knowles, Mr Buckingham, Mr Cope, Mr Iteicestcr, Mr Miobal, Mr Edwards, Mr Goulding, Mr B Price, Mr Grant, General Stokes,M r Bradbury, Mr Pahill, Mr Lyde, Mr Tyler, Mr and Mrs Mann, Mr Richardson, Rev Tremler, Mr Royle, Mr and Mrs Mrs Jnlien, Mr Lowe, Mr Aliston, Mr Andrewes. Mr Gabriel, Mr Borwick, Mr Jarmin, Mr Burey, Mr Sutton, Mr White, Mr, Stevenson, General and Mrs Buchanan, Mr Wright, Mr Donald, Mr Meindo, Mr Beelsey, Mr Simpson, Mr Morgan, Mr Lamb, Rev and Mrs Nevill Lovett. LOCAL NEWS. £500 Insurance.-In our sixth page will be found a coupon insuring our subscribers Against railway accidents, the insurance teing undertaken by the General Accident .Issu@ance Corporation, Limited. There was a large and fashionable audience , ' t the Theatre last evening to witness The .Private Secretary The company will terminate their stay in the city this evening. 'Next week the drama At Duty's Call Will occupy the boards. Ladies' Night. -At the Constitutional Slab last evening the Harmonic Society held@@ ladies'@night. In the absence of Mr. Coun@ cillor Fulford, Mr Councillor Surridge@ pre@ aided over a good attendance, and a varied programme was gone through, the entertain-@uent being demonstratively appreciated. Granted-Mr. J. W. Williams, of the fxeter Inn, Barth olomew-street, was@graoted it the Exeter Police Court this morning by Messrs J W Petberick, 1 R II Daw, II Gad I, and W Brock, an occasional license to sell intoxicating liquors@at the annual distribution of prizes to the Exeter Artillery Volunteers at the Victoria Hall on Friday, 14th inst. South American Missionary Society.-SeriBODs will be preached in aid of this sooiety to-moirow at Allhallows, Goldsmith-@street, by the Rev. W. E Martlew in the morn@ ing, and the Rev. Canon Trefnsis in the after@ noon at St. Mary Major at the children's terries, 3, by tbs Rev. W. E. Martlew, who will preach at St. Paul in the evening, the Rector occupying the pulpit in the morning, and Canon Trefusis preaches at St. Stephen in tbe morning. The annual meeting will he held in the Chapter House on Monday, Cano r Trefnsis presiding. Inquest.-Mr. Coroner Hooper held an inquest at 27, Molbourne-street, Exeter, this morning on the body of William Henry 8taddon, aged 7 months, child of Emma Staddon, domestic servant, which was horn in the Workhouse. Mrs. Woolgar said she was paid 4s a week to look after the infant, which she fed on thin corn flonr and other things. On Monday it was taken bad in its inside, and she sent for Dr. Harrison, but it died on the Wednesday. Mr. Harrison, surgeon, said he was of the opinion that the child died from diarrhoea and convulsions, and the jury returned a verdict of Death from natural causes. J Royal Cot i.sor of Music.-Preliminary j examinations for 12 open free scholarships in connection with this college will be held on January 30th in various local centres throughout the United Kingdom, allotted as as follows -Composition 1, singing@3. piano-@forte 2, organ 1, violin 1, violoncello 1, wind instruments 3. The scholarships are open to all classes of her Majesty's subjects within Abe stated ages. They are each of the value of £40 a year, and entitle tbe holders to a •ysteuiatic free education in music, and ar@@@c a rule tenable for three years. In some cases maintenance is added. Farther in@ formation and official forms of application can bo obtained on application to Mr. George Watsou, secretary, Royal College of Music, Prince Consort-Road, Kensington, London, B.W., up to tbe end of December. West of England Eye Infirmary.-Monthly report-Patients admitted in Novem@ ber, 174 total under care for the month, 524 discharged, 156 remaining under care, 368. ATw suligrriptions-James Irish, Esq , The Cedars, Exeter, £i Is Mrs Walsh, Rockbeare Court, £1 Is Mrs Edward Sanders, Stoke House, £1 Is Mrs Kavnnagb, Sunneycroft, Exmoutb, £1 Is Major Harries Depot Devon Regiment , £1 Is Viscount Sidmouth, Upottery Manor, £1 Is Captain Thomas Bander , 1. Ringmore-road, Sbalden, £1 Is. Church@eolleetigm-Sonthniolton, per the Rev F King, £5 5s. Donations-@A Friend, per ,Mrs Walsh, £1 Is Hon Mark Rolle, Stever.-j stone, 50 rabbits. Benefactions and sub-i scriptions will be thankfully received by A M j H Walrond,' Esq., Hon Treasurer, Kxeter Bank or at the Infirmary, Magdalen-strect, kxeter.-Adit. Out 1 Double Acrostic. A township and n lake A mood you can't mistake A monarch of whom Shakespeare wrote A shire with solid Home Rule vote, A modern town upon an ancient site A very worth3 f well-known Israelite The miser's God the usurer's delight. My firsts denote a ruler at the helm My finals what he rules, that is, his realm. ojamok re last wkf.k's dqubi.e acrostic, R am i H O riuoe O S ia M The Local Government Act. Withdrawals. Axminster. -The following have with@ drawn from the District Council for the parishes of Axmoufch and Rousdon-Mr Sloman Colyton-Mr F Stakes, jun. and Mr Bamuel White Chardstocfc-Mr Bishop and Mr Fryer Kilmipgton-Mr W Trott Lime Regis-Mr Load and Mr Radford Thorn-@sombe-Mr W H Pinney. HONITON.-Messrs W Board, H Collins, And C Read have withdrawn their nominations as Guardians, and there will now be no C °Ottbry st Mary.-The Rev F B Dickin@ son has withdrawn Ins candidature as Guardian. _ , , ... Larcombk.-Mr T G Palmer has with@ drawn from the District Councillors'@list. HarreRTON.-Mr Charles lowell, boot@ maker, retires from the Guardians@ election. SiLVRRTON.-Mr Barley has withdrawn, his candidature as Guardian@ Uffculmh.-The Rev Prebendary Bramley, Mr J New chairman of the old Guardians , and Mr E Heard drawn their @ominations as Guardians. Board of have with-LIFTON v TAVISTOCK SCHOOL. Played at Litton, the result beieg a win for Litton by six goals to three. EXE ISLAND ROVERS v NAPIER JUNIORS. Played at Exeter, the result being a wio for Napier by four goals to nil. OAKS B v CRE DITON B. The Oaks second string took a heavy team to Crediton to meet the boms B team, and won by a goal, a dropped goal, and a try to nil, BLUNDELL'S v WESTWARD HO! This match was decided at Tiverton, the homesters winning by a goal and five tries to a try. Notwithstanding the runaway char@ acter of the game, it was a very good and enjoyable one, TORQUAY ATHLETIC B @@@BUCKFASTLEIGH. Played at Torquay, the result being a point@ less draw. Buckfastleigh conceded three minors. ST. LEONARD'S v. PRACTISING SCHOOL PAST . This match was played at Magdalen-road, and ended in a win for St. Leonard's by a try to nil. BIDEFORD v. BARNSTAPLE B. DEVON Barnstaple B played Bideford at the latter place, and norwithstanding the fact that they had the services of Monty''Toller,@were beaten by two tries to nil. SIDMOUTH v OTTER@V This match was played at Sidmouth, and resulted in a win for the home team by a penalty goal and four tries to a penalty goal and one try. ALBION B y. KINGSBRIDGE. This match in connection with the Devon Junior Cup took place at Devonport, the result being a win for Albion B by three tries to one. ST. DAVID'S JUNIORS v. ST. SIDWELL'S JUNIORS. These teams met at Exeter, the result being a win for the former by a goal, a dropped goal, and four tries. BOVEY v. HEAVITREE. This match was played at Heavitree in fine weather and before a fair attendance of spec@ tators. Bovey were by far the finer team, but Heavitree were better at half. The first half was slow, but interesting. Just after the start Cooper, for the visitors, scored a try, which was not converted. After the kick out, Bovey again pressed, but it was not until near half-time that Cooper once more scored. On the kick out Heavitree rushed the oval to their opponents 25 but Bovey were relieved by a kick. Heavitree showed better play in the second half but could not score, and tne game ended -Bovey Tracey, two tries Heavitree, nil. EXETER B v HEATHCOTE. Played at Tiverton. Tbe visitors came two short and found two good subs in Britton and Pook of the Tiverton team. Exeter played a rattling game, whilst the homesters were somewhat noisy, and inclined to be rough. Cox for the homo team scored a dis@ puted try in the first half. Exeter had hard lines in not scoring, their wheeling of the scrum being splendidly. The final score was Heethcote-One try Exeter B-Nil. .' dr OAKS v CREDITON. The great match did not interfere with the attendance at Alphington-road, where an interesting game was witnessed between Oaks and Crediton. Sawer and Densham were not playing for the homesters, who played two second men. Soon after the start the visitors were awarded a free kick, but nothing better than a save resulted. Crediton forced play into Oaks' territory, and for a time looked dangerous, but a flue run by Peter Underhill put matters in a different light. He passed all his opponents but the back, and he in endeavouring to collar him knocked the ball out of his hands, A free kick for the homesters had the effect of livening matters up a bit, aud several smart rushes were made by either side, Johns being conspicious for Kirton. A rather easy chance for the visitors obtained after a smart run, was spoiled by wild passing, and the first half ended with no score. Oaks commenced to press directly the second half commenced, and from Crediton's 25 flag Gard made a good, though ineffec@ tual, atti Dipt, to drop a goal. A smart mark by Cornish at mid-field was practically use@ less, and a good run under difficulties, and in the thick of opponents, by Middlewick was equally unproductive. A pretty piece of running among the home threequarters brought the ball to the visitors' goal, and a punt over the bar resulted in a save. Gard very cleverly stopped a forward rush. A mark mid-way between the centre flag and Crediton 25, taken by Bates, was fruitless, and after a little exciting play a save in favour of Oaks resulted. Faulkner in the visiting 25 took from a scrum and passed to Goodman, who made a tricky run and scored in the corner. Bates' kick was a failure. A piece of wild passing by the home quarters made matters look a little dangerous but Garu caine to tbe rescue with a fine stop and Bates, picking up, passed to Cornish, who ran along the line and kicked to the centre under the goal, where the Crediton back took possession, and the ball was worked away from dangerous giound, aud exciting play in the home, territory resulting in nothing, the game ending-Oaks-One try Crediton-Nil. EXETER v BRIDGWATER. This match was played at the Connty Ground this afternoon. The weather was beautifully fine, but the attendance was fairly good. Preece kicked off and Culvenvell well re@ turned, Read sent back with advantage to the visitors 25 where the Bridgwater for@ wards came away to the centre. Labbett by a fine dribble took the leather dangerously near the home line, but the visiting back stopped his career. A series of long shots took place between the two tacks, the Kxoniar.s gaining the advantage. Labbett came away from the 25 and wriggling through a host of opponents scored a try in a favourable position. H. Reed took !h s kick and was successful. On the kick off the visitors took the leather to the home quarters but Harris relieved. Cnlverwell was well away ut Escott tackled him before he could get anything like dangerous@ The Exeter men by a dribl.le transferred operations to the visiting 25,'' where Cnlverwell relieved by a kick and run. The visiting threequarters exhibited some fine passing, but Escott well collared an opponent when very dangerous. Exeter quartette showed some fine passing resulting in Baker scoring. Reed made a splendid attempt to majorise bat failed. Not long after the kick off Labbett gave to Colson,@who transferred to Reed. The latter went off, and handling off his opponents in fine style scored another fry for Exeter. No g sl resulted. F. Escott came away from the scrum and scored another try for Exeter. Reed kicked the goal. Nothing furth9r was scored up to half-time. Exeter -Two goals two tries Bridgwater-Nil Bridgwater kicked off, and Escott, well returned to touch in the centre. Escott received from a scrum and gave to Baker in his own 25. The latter came up the field, and, leaving Culvcrwell behind, ran in ar.d scored between the posts. Reed kicked an easy goal. On the kick oat Exeter attacked, V-DEVON WINS BY A TRY. This connty match wa@aplayed at Weston-' snper-Mare in deiightinl weather and on a splendid gronad. There was a very large attendance. The sides were as pub@ lished. Devon started and shewed fine passing against the Somerset dribbles, tut the former prevailing Stoyle scored and goaled. Even play followed exciting tactics without scoring, C Chard@for Somerset and Cbipman for Devou distinguish@ ing themselves, Boucher being compelled to save. At half@time there was no increase in the score, In the second half Somerset started with the advantage, compelliug the visitors to save. Devon's splendid passing, however soon reversed minor points, and Sowden scored, but the try was not im@ proved. a Play remained in mid-field for a considerable time, and was of give-and-@take order. Hocken made a brilliant run, nearly scoring for Devon. Mermagen Somerset ran the full length of the field and scored, Rogerson converting. Result-Devon, one goal one try Somerset, one goal, from our own reporters. The greatest enthusiasm was witnessed at the meeting of Devon and Somerset in their match held at Weston-Super-Mare this after@ noon. It knew no bounds. It never did between these old deadly but friendly rivals and although Devon has never previously de@ feated Somerset since the advent of recognised organisation, and it was after drawing on two previous occasions at Barnstaple and Exeter respectively last year the Dumplings wero eventually beaten at Weston last season the teams have since materially changed, and Devon, who had a better advantage this year over Gloucester and Cornwall than did Somerset, as regards the number of paints in their victories. Thousands of spectators from all parts of the West of England-including several hundred from Exeter an i the adjoin@ ing towns-lined the ropes, and as the game progresses the merits of the respective teams, which were as follows, could be plainly seen -DEVON. SOMBSSET. Beck. W Hocken, Albion Boucher, Taunton Threequarters. H Stoyle, Barnstaple Mermagen, Wellington Westcott, Bridgwater Rogerson, Oxford by Btwles improved Somerset's poaittea. 'SOMERSET, kU, 'Salter took tbe oval into his opponents ground, bnt@-vlong shot by Sowden was wel retnreed by@Boncber. The visitors, however still attacked, bu t even tnally@Somerset assumed the offensive. Passing between Chipman, George, Sowden neutralised matters, Soane stopping a dangerous rush. Hocken missed the oval, and Mermagen, rushing up, secured and scored, Rogerson goaling. ' The Doclress of York and the Duke and Duchess of Teck left London for Eaton Hill it noon to-day to attend the wedding of Prince Adolphus of Teok and Lady Margaret j BridgwfiUt _ M i, i yr'tevceor. I bat Culverwell well defended. Escott received from a scrum, and Labbett romping over the line scored again for Exeter. Reed goaled, H. Escott shortly afterwarts received and ran through a host of opponents winding up with a smart performance by dropping a goal while running. Within a few minutes Reed ran in, no goal resulting. The same player again notched a point, tne goal being successful. Nothing further was scored, and the game ended- . Exeter-Five goals, one dropped goal and three tries, W Bildings, Albion W H Sowden, Albion J Salter, Exmouth Chard, Bristol Halt-backs. W George, Albion Baker, Wellington J H Chipman, Tqy Ath Chard, Weston Forwards. G@P Allington, Albion Woods, Bridgwater C Hawkings, Tqy Ath Hancock, Wellington C Thomas, Barnstaple@@ Soane, Bath A May, Albion Ebdon, Wellington J Lsverty, Albion Vowles. Weston C Vieary, Barnstaple Boiseigle, Crewkcrne W Vanstone, Tquy Ath Botham, Bridgwater F Long, Albion D'@Aguila, Bath The referee was Mr. Holmes Midland Oouutses , and the touch judges Messrs Dixon Devon and Fox Somerset. The Great Western Railway made special arrangements for convoying spectators to the match. They had announced a special train to be run from Dartmouth, taking up pas@ sengers en route, but it was found necessary to run it in two parts, one being started from Exeter, and only stopping at Wellington. This train-whioh took 250 enthusiasts -reached Weston at@2.15, a quarter of an hour before time. The original Dartmouth section -having 700 passengers aboard-Reached Weston at 2,35 and the special taking 800 visitors from Barnstaple, Minehead, and other places along the Northern littoral steamed gaily into the station at 2.25. Altogether over 400 persons were booked from Exeter, 100 from Barnstaple, and 100 from Tiverton. The match was played iu splendid weather, and before about four thousand spectators@ THE GAME, May started for Devon, and Baker muffing, the leather the visitors attacked. Devon were awarded a free kick for offside play by C Chard but an attempt to place a goal by Stoyle failed, and the ball was saved. George turned the kick off, and Somerset were again placed on the defensive. Woods and Han-@oock then carried the oval well into touch and Soane led a dribble to the centre, Play for a time kept in the centre, but George gained possession and passed to Chipman, who forwarded to Bildings, and Sowden getting the ball served to Salter, who ran near the home line. Hostilities were promptly taken back to neutral ground, Hancock heading a dan@ gerous rash Rogerson and Westcott attacked hotly, Stoyle. however, frus@ trating their efforts. Mermagen magni ficently kicked near Devon's line, but the venue of play was soon trans@ ferred to the centre. Boucher pulled Sowden over after an excellent run in front of the line Stoyle then scored, Hocken converting. Stoyle's try, it appeared, was obtained as follows George nearly ran in just previously, and play being on the @ine George picked up and passed to Bildings, who served to Stoyle aud that player, as stated, scared, planting the oval behind the posts amid loud cheering which was renewed again when Hocken kicked a fine goal. Somerset afterwards pressed, their@forwards workiug@grandly under Soane's captaincy. May dribbled well, bat Rogerson put the oval into touch in Devon's ground. Excellent passing among the Devon hacks soon altered matter . Hawkings broke away, and Hancock retaliating Talter fell on the leather, play being central. George afterwards passed to Chipman, who gave to Sowden and his transfer pass to Salter was missed, biit the Exmouth man picked up aud kicked near the line, Boucher replying. A lucky flying kick by Wescott greatly relieved Somerset. Hocken took a shot at goal, Mermagen saving twice successfully. Nothing further was scored up to half time when the record stood -Devon-One goal. Somerset-Nil. SECOND HALF. Woods started the second half, Stoyle returning we'l into touch, and the same Devonian made a mark off a free kick by Woods, but Somerset proceeded to attack Sowden relieved with a kick, but the ball returned over the line, Hocken just saving Salter and Thomas succeeded in obtaining marks, but nothing came of the kicks, the homesters con@ tinuing to press strongly. After a series of scrums Chipman panted to neutral ground, and thus enabled Devon to breathe once more. Somerset, however, gained ground, Ebdon taking the leather to Devon's quarter flag, bnt the homesters warm@ ing once more to their work repulsed the onslaught. May then dribbled over the 50 line, Somerset for the first time during @his half being put on the defensive. Excel@ lent passing between Chipman, George, Sow@ den and Bildings taking place. Stoyle eventu@ ally put in a magnificent rur,,and then followed another bout of passing George slipped awav from the scram, pasted to Chipman who forwarded to Bildings, and that player passed to Sowden, who scored a brilliant try jimid tremendous cheering on Hie part of the Devonian spectators. Hocken- foiled si goal. Even play followed, and jQjeu Devon, encouraged by their success, on@e mere attacked. Woods and Hanoock drib's! d to the centre, and a free kici @Wck and o k The result of t ie match was-DEVON-One goal and one try SOMERSHT-One goal. The first intimation of the result of the game was publis led in Exeter in the window at the firming Post, the news being received with th9 greatest satisfaction as it rapidly sproad throughout tho city, and there is no doubt that the victorious team will have an enthusiastic welcome on arriving at the Ever Faithful this evening. Notes on the Game by Daddy. The bet' er side undoubtedly won in fact, it was only towards the latter end that Somerset got on Devon's line proper, and then it was when through a mistake of Hocken in not accepting the oval from Hancock's dribbling that Mermagen ns,me uo and s ored. It was the work of a moment. Throughout the Somerset play was some@ what disappointing, whilst Devon, with their pluck and undanr ted courage, played in such a manner that clearly showed them to be snperior. The visitors completely outclassed their opponents in passing, every back man justifying his place, and the forwards wheeled the scrums a,nd heeled out remarkably well. Where Somerset@ had the advantage was in the forward rushes, These they were able to accomplish art libitum, and with success they laid themselves open to a forward game, Hancock,@Woods, and Soane were powerful, bnt the Devon men were equal to the task of frustrating their efforts. To mentionedly individnaiise the Devon players would be invidious, for they were grand to a man. The Devonian spectators present displayed overwhelming enthusiasm at their count victory, the welkin ringing again and again with the heartiest cheering when the fitia whistle had blown. NEWTON ROVERS v HEAVITREE B. A draw was tho result of this match between these teams at Newton. St THOMAS HARLEQUINS v St THOMAS WANDERERS. This match was played at Marsh Barton and ended in a win for the first named team by two tries to nil. Roberts aud Dodd were the soorers. ST. THOMAS JUNIORS v ST. LEONARDS 11. The St. Thomas boys won this match by a try to a cypher. MR. HOBBS'S XV v NEWTON COLLEGE 3rd. This match resulted in a win for Mr. Hobbs's XV by two goals and two tries to one try. HONITON v CREiVKERNE. This match was played at Crewkerne, the visitors winning by a goal aud two tries to nil. TAVISTOCK COLLEGE y RALEIGIL This match, contested at Tavistock, was won by the Collegians by two goals to a try. EXETER ASSOCIATION RESERVE v DAWLISH Y.MC.A Played at James' Park this afternoon before a small attendance. Exeter kicked off and soon pressed the goal keeper having to save within a few minutes. After even play for about ten minntes Addis secured the ball and dribbled up the field scoring the first goal with a good shot. A@ half time the score stood-E xeter-Two goals Dawlisli-Nil. In the second half the Reserves had matters all their own way, and kept the ball almost continually in the Dawlish territory. Tho Exo@mans added four more goals, and ran out easy winners, the Store being-Exeter-Six goals Dawlish-Nil CUMBERLAND v. WESTMORELAND. The last matches in the North-Western competition took place at Kendal in beautiful weather. Carradic-e kicked off for the home team, and for some time a fast and even came was witnessed, Braithwaite got over for West@ moreland, tut wae played La'k, Goodman suffered hard linos twice at a drop at goal. After some nice passing Fletcher scored near the corner flag for Cumberland, Moore failing to convert. Half time-Cumberland, one try Westmoreland, nil. Cumberlnud-One try Westmoreland-Nil. On the ball restarting, even play continued though the Cumberland forwards showed a slight superioriry. Davidson made a grand run for Cumberland, and directly afterwards Goodman almost dropped a goal for Westmoreland. A fierce tussle on tho strangers' line ensued until Kitchen gave relief. Both ends in turn were invaded, but without either team scoring. An interesting game ended-Cumberland-One try, Westmoreland-Nil. DARTMOUTH B v. K.NE@ STUDENTS B. At Dartmouth, an even game resulting in a diaw. R.N.E. STUDENTS v. DARTMOUTH. These teams met at Home Park, and being evenly matched a tine game ensued. It was only towards the close of the first half that the Students showed any decided superiority, and then Pendleton snatched up and went over with a try. Tho kick failed. The second half was just as evenly contested, play being very fast and scientific. Nothing more was scored,, and tho game ended -K.N.K. College-One try Dartmouth-Nil TORQUAY ATHLETIC v ALBION A. At Biadderly. Albion started, and play settled for a few minates in Torquay 25@ but very soon the visitors' backs showed excellent play and for a cousiieiable time had the best of th@tgame, Olver and Harding frequently breaking away. Proctor, an Albion forward, had a lib broken, and just after Causey scored a try and converted it. The second half was as even as possible, until five minutes before the call of time when after a splendid turn of passing of the threequarters, Kitto got in at the corner, the kick failed. Nothing further was registered and the score stood-Torquay Athletic-One try. Albion A-Nil. GLOUCESTER v CORNWALL, These counties met at Gloucester in line weather, the ground being soft@ Both teams had been beaten by Devon and Somerset. The home team were without Wallace, Watts, and Collins. The visitors were strong and after twenty minutes even forward play Bowley scored for the homesters. Haines succeeded in majorising. Some fine foiward rushes ensued and these gave tho Cm nighmen a look in, and they scored a penalty goal. More even play followed, but nothing further was scored up to the interval, when the score read -Gloucestershire-One goal Cornwall-One penalty goal. Result-Gloucester, one goal and a try Cornwall, a penalty goal. lo the second half Gloucestershire attacked and exacted a minor after ten minutes' pressure. The homesters had rather the best of the succeeding play which was very @minteresting. Then Taylor nearlyd@icorcd and Lockyer, getting the ball in a line out, dropped over. Haines failed to convert. The ensuing play, wad fought out in the centre, maln'y by forwards. Bad passing lost Coi'S ajl. a chance, and nothing further eoihg dope the result was- •'■• Gloucesterghir -One goal one try Cornwall-Or.e penalty goal@ PENaRTH v NEWPORT. Newport boat Penarth by two tries to oil. NEATH v. PONTYPRIDD. Neath scored an easy victory ever Pont y priid by three goals and three tries to nil. BLACK HEATH v CARDIFF. The match at Cardiff resulted in a win for the visitors by a goal and two tries to two goals. NEWTON v. TOTNE5. Played at Newton and after an uninterest@ ing and ocassionally rough game, ended in a win for the home team by a try to nil. The point was made in the second half bv Wells, after a tricky iun. Mr. Beer, of Torquay, refereed. pEXMOUTH v ALLER VALE. This vas the grandest game on the A@Uer Vale ground for the season. Bradford started for the home team, and by well following up prevented a return. Tbe homesters at once commenced to press, and Exmonth was ~otr,m jelled to save. From the kick out the visitors played up smart for a time, hut were driven back again. Play being at half way, Hobbs intercepted a pass, and making a grand ran fell over the line, but was rolled into touch. The second half was very even, and there was no score. TAVISTOCK v. 2nd DEVON REGIMENT. Play at Tavistock. The homesters im-@mediately broke awsy at the start, Kerswell shooting wide. Sargent shot past, and Tavistock obtained a corner, Mervifield falling. Play was somewhat furious and Waldron was knocked out, but was applauded on re-appearing. The Devons shot wide. Hands against Tavistock were callsd@.and De Gray and Williams had to save. Tavistock continued shooting, but very erratically, and at half time nothing was scored. From a corner Waldron scored, but the point was disallowed. From hands against Devon Doirige scored, and Sargent shortly after registered a goal. Resut.-Tavistock-Two goals Devor -Nil EXETER v EAMPTON ASSOCIATION . These teams met under Association rales at Bampton. There was a fair attendance Kxeter started and quickly assumed tbe offensive, but erratic shooting and excellent defence prevented the visitors scoring more than twice up to half time. Mnch amusement was caused by the splendid tricky play of Kxeter. At half-time Exeter led by two to nil. In the second half plav went all in favour of Exeter, the home team seldom crossing the half-way line. Five more goals were added, and the result was-Exeter-Seven goals, Bampton-Nil. GENERAL MATCHES. Cambridge University beat Rosslyn Park Sunderland heat Small Heath. Sheffifld Widncsb y beat Stoke. Sheffield United v Liverpool, a tie. Wolverhampton Wanders v Derby Connty, a tie. Burnley heat Preston North End. Everton beat Bolton Wanderers, Aston Villa beat Blackburn. Notts Forest beat West Bromwich Albion. Cambridge University beat Old Foresters G EO. G. BUSSEY Co. are tne leading makers of requisites for Football, Hockey, Goif, Base-hall@ Gymnasia, and all Sports and Games. Illustrated catalogues may be obtained from the local dealers, or the Sports Manufactory, Peckharo, London. Trade Mark. Too Late for Glassification. ■y TANXKD a akarp willeducated TTI Light Company pncc.-No. 1,512, office of th 1 wv fate jT CESTS Christmas Number Father Christmas,@@@@@ Rhe@m Wine and eight other mu-, , ponce ' Goo.i Post free 3d.-John C. Eicetnr. Guest, Hi fi h flf CO IT Ad E Pianns f rom £7 Guest, 199, High-.treet, Eveter@ T O @Ut Ni. 6.' Chap!eV-.v, rt r X . r . . Also 1, Paul-strenfc honw ' W AKTB forTorquay audlito £20. Parlourmaid. , General Servants for Ev ter Baker , Arcade Registry, Exeter ' AUCTION ON W1-dne, ii CHRISTMAS BEEF AND Ml -EXETfilt FAIR, Due. 13 ,,' MESSES. HUSSEY AND @@@@WHi Sell bv Auction 1 • ,. jj 5 v v Market on Wednesday. 1891. at 10 a.m. Present entries @@@._iaq Fat Devon Oxen, Steers, and H-f. r t choice Cross-bred and Longwool Ho Fat Bxmoors, 3 Fat Lambs. The whole of the above Stock i- t ripe, of the choicest quality, end tV ■ v the principal agriculturists in the nn .1. H. Queen-street, Exeter, Ii,o.. rv -. • •V-A SON ltd . COUNTY PARLIAMEN@T' 1894. ELEC ft A! 1 COUN CI I ACT, TO THE RATEPAYERS AND OF HEAVU'REK Lapifs asp Gkntif.mfv, I TNDER the above Art rf Uari .i by offer my@self as a C.inu District Council, with the full .-... r , ing out the duties which tnav be as a representative of the dMre briefly mention mv past services @1 thirty years. First, as oivrrvet member of the Sanitary Committ member of the Board of Hturdi years, for which 1 received a te.tim.uii' • 240 subscriberr in rerognitinn of riiv services to the ratepayer- and poor o t...... fourthly, as an elected member .f th Trustees, with the approval of . ■ , missioner . Should 501 think r.iv worthy of your approval. I wi p-.v, . yon honestly, faithfully, and sin . r,-li t best of my ability. Your faiihfnllv. JOHN 'APRON 7, Stafford-terraee, Reavitree, Dec. 7@@@@@-fn CITY EDITION. Conspiracy to Murder President. New York. Saturda@@ A Rio despatch to the 11 arid state@,, t two Italians and Portuguese have arrested charged with conspiracy to m@@@in President Moracs. The Good News from Brigg. The intelligence of Mr. Richardson's triumph in the Brigg Division caused the liveliest satisfaction in Unionist circles in Exeter and throughout the county this after@ noon, the idea being generally expressed that the rejection of the Gladstonian candidate has greatly weakened the Minis@ terial position. Oar Newton correspondent telephones this evening that the news of the result was received with pleasant surprise at that town. It was telegraphed to all parts of the division and placards were issued in a veiy short-time pointing the lessons to be deduced from the Unionist victories at Forfar and Brigg. Where is Hobbs J Under the receiving order recently rr- ' against J. W. Hobb , of Liberator notor@jc . it is stated says the Central News th@@@@@e order sent to tbe convict at Worir.woo@-Scrubbs Prison has been returned mark-' gone away, and no farther inform@@@@,-given the order was made upon the petit@ n of the liquidator of J, W. Hobis un i Co@@ Limited@ Chief Constable sent to Goal. At Bradford Police Court to-diy Jam@@ Phil@ip Woodman, Chief Constable of R@ugate, Surrey, was charged with embe@@r mg monies of the Bradford Corporation amounting altogether to £250 Prisoner was f, riu-i.v chief clerk in the Bradford Police O'ic . and I for@a period of three years had rys'emati- 1 v I falsified the accounts. Prisoner plea led ! guilty, and urged that he had vse! ther. r.yi j tor tbe support of relations. He was sentt ncec to five months' imprisonment. SPORTING. Run at 2.5 Great Sandown Steeplechase handicap of 300 sovs, tbe second to receive 25sovs, and the third 10 oat of tho race. About three miles and a half. Captain Aikin's Redbill Mr II Ripley 1 Mr Winger's Wild Man from Borneo Mr T J Widgcr 2 Mr Sbcdbeck's Badminton ...A Nightingall 3 Also ran -Ardca@m, Torchlight, Schooner, Ceylon, Up and Down. Betting-7 to 4 agat Badminton, 9 to 4 Ardca@m, luO to 12 Schooner, 10 to 1 Wild Man from Borneo, Torchlight, 100 to 6 Red-@hill, Ceylon o . Ran at 2.35 Long Dittos- Selling Hurdle Rack of 200 j manner throughout The Kensington Murder. Accused before the Magistrate. Reginald Sannderson, ngrd 21, of Ki.s'cote Hampton Wick, was charged at @i. Writ London Police Court before Mr@ Curtis Ber.t.etr this morning with the wilfnl murder @d Augusta Daves, age abont 29, by cutting her throat in Holland Park-road, Kensington, or. November 25th last. A large crowd had assembled in the vicinity of the Court await@ ing the accused, wiio was brought from Kensington Police Station in the c isto-i v t Superintendent Ferrets, of the F Division, and Sergeants Thompson and Dvscn@ He was taken in@to the room assigned for the use of the police while waiting for his case 11 be called. FIs wore a iarge ulster, and his sovs. Two miles. Mr Hcasman's Prince Frederick. 11 10 Williamson 1 j Mr Gore's Gateshead, 11 5 Owner 2 Mr Hibbert's Samarcand@@@@@ R Nightingall 3 Also ran-St Dunstan, Surprise, Halsbnry, First King, Ribbie, Gilt Edged, Silver Image, King's Birthday, Toil and Trouble, Scottish Jewel. Betting-9 to 4 agst St Dunstan, 3 to 1 Prince Frederick, 7 to 1 Toil and Trouble, 10 to 1 Samarcand, 100 to 8 bar four o . Won in a canter by three lengths ei 'ht @Ungths between the second and third. Ran at 3 10 Handicap Steeplechase of 100 sovs. Two miles. Mr McCorkell's Mariner Escott 1 Mr E Loder's Boy Chieftain touws-n 2 Mr Gooch's Wheatfield tread 3 Also 1 an-Great Scott II, Caromande@ II, Westmeath,@gZieo, Pliny. Betting-13 to 8 sttit 11a i- e . 5 to 2 Great Sco t 6 to ljf'o@ Chiefiain, 100 to 8 bar three o . Won by four lengths a bad third. Great Scott 11 fell at the second fence and breaking one of his fore legs was speedily destroyed. Run at 3.40 Handicap Hurdle Race of 100 sovs. Two miles over eight hurdles Mr Miller's Will o' the Wisp Halsey 1 Mr It Walter's Shotaway Mr Davies 2 Mr Knight's Loyalty J Jones 3 Also ran - Simon Fraser, Cameronian, Wrangler, Sweetmeat, St Ignatius. Betting-9 to 2 agst Wrangler, Shota way. Loyalty, 5 to 1 Cemeronian, Will o' tho Wisp, 12 to 1 St. Ignatius, 10 to 1 Simon Fraser and Sweetmeat. Won in a canter by five lengths a neck separated the second and third.! 1 preceding?-Mr. Sims behalf aud unemotional, to prosecute on Treasury, and the accused w@s@@@@ defended. In opening the ca@@@@@@? Sims said the prisoner was a hoarder an establishment at Hampton V. m. appeared from there between s.x ar. o'clock on the evening of the murde@@@@@ ten o'clock the same evening he was @@@@@@@@the Haymarket, and at hail-pust o'clock a man answering to his dose was seen struggling with the woman@@@@@@, formal evidence prisoner was rema@@@@@@u custody. The Bdltast Disaster. Resumed Inqusst. Me llv to Me id th-Sportsman Official Starting Prices. Moore Place F@Ut Race-Bowlegs, 100 to 8 agst I Selling Steeplechase-St .Anthony, 5 to 2@agst Great Sundown Redhill, 100 to 6 agst Long Ditton Ildle-Prince Frederick, 3 to lag Handicap Steeplechase -Mariner, 13 to 8 agst H'cap Hurdle -Will o'@The Wisp, 5 to @agst Official Scratching?. Leicester engagements-All Mr John Craig's horses All engagements-Amiable Notes. Bradford the jockey spent another good night, and showed much improvement this rooming. ELLIMAN'S FOR ACHES AND PAINS. For Rheumatism, Lumbago, Sprains, Bruises, Sore Throats from Colei, Chest SPRAINS fc BRUISES. Colds. Stiffness, Cramp, Bronchitis, kc. Mr. .Lilian Girard. The Girards, Theatre Royal, UNIVERSAL Drury L idc, writes - -■ 1 have used your Em@ brocation with surprising Is ljd, and 2s 9J. effect, and never intend being without it. prepared only by SORE THROAT FROM COLD. Eiliman.SonsA Co. From a Clergyman. For many years I have Slough, used your Embrocation, and found it most efficacious in England, preventing and curing sore throat, fro j cole. EMBROCATION. The inquest on the Indies children killed in tbe panic Schoolroom last Wednesday resumed to-day before Mr. E. city coroner. Head Constab the first witness examined to-da Mr. MoCartan, M.P.. who npp' next-of-kin of the deceased, sai observations lie had made lie f have been physically ini, the lad O'Donnell, who ga yesterday incriminating the i now in custody to i aie sei taming ont the ca position in which O'Donnell st- -boy Hobbs, next examined, dtp was three feet lrom tbe coal lie the nas Dieter was placed, ar.d. d McKenna turing off the McCarter at this stag@ sa Mr. Culler., a school teacher, a Father McClean present in Court@@@@@@@@ necessary they would go into the w.tr. and refute@certaio statements ma-i • i by tho advance acent of the ti ' ' company that via giriig the peit- r relative to being asked to send tcac@@@@ @@@keep order, an i also as to the of tho money piid tor admiss@@n@@@ the show@ Tin Coroner sai l it was @in porter,t that these motfeis stionl I bt into for the purpose of finding it the@@ @@@@been ary negl g n e or culpability @@@-port of anyone. Fur that reason he@@@@@@ request both gentlemen to remain -@@@@ A Kerri gam, one of the teachers of the s@@@@@ @@-which the disaster occurred, denied t@@t@@i had received any invitation from eit@@@@@@@ Arthur or his agent to be presen@@@@@t@@ show. He was in his own ho@@@@@@i joining the school when the panic o He rnshcd into the building by t@@@@@@l door. Tbe place was in total Finding be was unable to ligh@@t@@@@@@ witness ran to the meter an@d tarne-The children were piled each other at the front his brother carried of them into the yard. . he been keys to lock up the cellar @m wluca @@w meter is placed, but for over a V J. ., t..-_i-A harp imDO'SIDl at the cn to door. umbo a large ~ Kormerlv there had he been lost. It would have been lmpossi@@@ t@@@arn out the gas at the meter in th@@@@@@e@ described by the witnesses Hobbs. Iirjnir7 proceeding. O'Donr. i and Printed and Published by WILLIAM@@@@@@ JONES, tor '.he proprietors, tne ' ' post'Company Limited , at tne ■ ' f '., ing Offices. North-street,@in tbe Pa. . Paul s, in the City ot Exeter, on 3 ™' December 8tb, lSP aud ms VOL PHE FAIt S ,TL ' For 6ERVAV TO Li 21 Word-£8 .. E V II fgr Bcp! tc the L ' t 29. No' 1 ilTUA Post. Ladies plea ' stomp lor re selection of • Registry, 97. I P ART.OUl Wajp -references, i Aiiencv. New 2 Stamp f Burston, For Tutchi IV expe • Rawlings. Hu B A1 Li i H earliest li e v highest refegnmouti U NDER-1 of situa. Strand, hi, K ESPEui tiou a years' refer, Mitchell, Pm H ous. Bncl 4 Dawlish. JlNtiH J® month fr Grooms, £oo i ticu.'ars., a fnvtoloiwN ♦ Th borough ly n or.' l i ?f rr f L i tuawl,.. i T i. . v i ■■
[ GS_aligned] ########################################################### Colonel W. H. Parkin, Mayor of Bodmin, ## yesterday after a long illness. Miss Maud Bramwell, of Penzance, has won ## Hopkinson gold medal at the Royal College of Music. @@The Rev. B. Mills yesterday accepted the ##### of St. Paul's, Tiverton, o@ﬀered by the Earl of ##################################################################################################################### R. Orme Webb, R. N. , was entertained by the Corpora- tion at a complimentary banquet last @@evening@@. The funeral of Mrs. Charles Wilson, wife@@ of the Rev. C. Wilson, formerly pastor of Sherwill Chapel, Plymouth, took place at Ply-@ mouth Cemetery this morning. @@Lord Coleridge was sued in the Westmin-ster County Court yesterday for £35 repairs done to to the premises of a club in Grafton- street of which hw is hon. secretary. Judge Lumley Smith held that defendant was not liable, and dismissed the action.n. Visitors at the Rougemont Hotel, Exeter this week include Mr MacKensize, Mr Ford, Mr Swanbro, Mr Pi@m, Mr S@mallbones, Miss Hart, Mr Norris, Mr Carpenter, Mr Masters, Rev Carter, Mr Sara, Mr Ballentine, Mr Cook, Mr Fryer, Mr Oldroyd, Mr Pope, Mr B Toose, Mr and Miss Taylor, Mr Hastings, Mr Fenn, Mr and Mrs Tetcombe, Mr Culien, Mr Brown, Mr Kappelo@ﬀ, Mr Knowles, Mr Buckingham, Mr Cope, Mr @Leicester, Mr Michal, Mr Edwards, Mr Goulding, Mr B Price, Mr Grant, General Stokes, Mr Bradbury, Mr Pahill, Mr Lyde, Mr Tyler, Mr and Mrs Mann, Mr Richardson, Rev Tremler, Mr Royle, Mr and Mrs Mrs Julien, Mr Lowe, Mr Aliston, Mr Andrewes, Mr Gabriel, Mr Borwick, Mr Jarmin, Mr Burey, Mr Sutton, Mr White, Mr, Stevenson, General and Mrs Buchanan, Mr Wright, Mr Donald, Mr Meindo, Mr Beelsey, Mr Simpson, Mr Morgan, Mr Lamb, Rev and Mrs Nevill Lovett. LOCAL NEWS. £500 INSURANCE.-In our sixth page will be found a coupon insuring our subscribers against railway accidents, the insurance being undertaken by the General Accident @Assurance Corporation, Limited. There was a large and fashionable audience @@@at the Theatre last evening to witness The @Private Secretary The company will terminate their stay in the city this evening. @Next week the drama At Duty's Call will occupy the boards. ############## -At the Constitutional Club last evening the Harmonic Society held a ladies' night. In the absence of Mr. Coun- ###### Fulford, Mr Councillor Surridge, pre- sided over a good attendance, and a varied programme was gone through, the entertain- ment being demonstratively appreciated. GRANTED-Mr. J. W. Williams, of the ###### Inn, Barth@olomew-street, was granted it the Exeter Police Court this morning by Messrs J W Petherick, R R @M Daw, @H Gad@d, and W Brock, an occasional license to sell intoxicating liquors at the annual distribution of prizes to the Exeter Artillery Volunteers at the Victoria Hall on Friday, 14th inst. ########################################### will be preached in aid of this society to-morrow at Allhallows, Goldsmith- street, by the Rev. W. E Martlew in the morn- ing, and the Rev. Canon Trefusis in the after- noon at St. Mary Major at the children's service, 3, by the Rev. W. E. Martlew, who will preach at St. Paul in the evening, the Rector occupying the pulpit in the morning, and Canon Trefusis preaches at St. Stephen in the morning. The annual meeting will be held in the Chapter House on Monday, Cano@n Trefusis presiding. INQUEST.-Mr. Coroner Hooper held an inquest at 27, Melbourne-street, Exeter, this morning on the body of William Henry Staddon, aged 7 months, child of Emma Staddon, domestic servant, which was born in the Workhouse. Mrs. Woolgar said she was paid 4s a week to look after the infant, which she fed on thin corn @ﬂour and other things. On Monday it was taken bad in its inside, and she sent for Dr. Harrison, but it died on the Wednesday. Mr. Harrison, surgeon, said he was of the opinion that the child died from diarrhoea and convulsions, and the jury returned a verdict of Death from natural causes. ######################################### examinations for 12 open free scholarships in connection with this college will be held on January 30th in various local centres throughout the United Kingdom, allotted as as follows -Composition 1, singing 3, piano- forte 2, organ 1, violin 1, violoncello 1, wind instruments 3. The scholarships are open to all classes of her Majesty's subjects within she stated ages. They are each of the value of £40 a year, and entitle the holders to a syste@matic free education in music, and are as a rule tenable for three years. In some cases maintenance is added. Further in- formation and o@ﬀicial forms of application can be obtained on application to Mr. George Watson, secretary, Royal College of Music, Prince Consort-Road, Kensington, London, B.W., up to the end of December. ###################################### report-Patients admitted in Novem- ber, 174 total under care for the month, 524 discharged, 156 remaining under care, 368. New su@bscriptions-James Irish, Esq., The Cedars, Exeter, £1 1s Mrs Walsh, Rockbeare Court, £1 1s Mrs Edward Sanders, Stoke House, £1 1s Mrs Kavanagh. Sunneycroft, Exmouth, £1 1s Major Harries Depôt Devon Regiment , £1 1s Viscount Sidmouth, Upottery Manor, £1 1s Captain Thomas Sanders, 1. Ringmore-road, Shalden, £1 1s. Church collection-South@molton, per the Rev F King, £5 5s. Donations- A Friend, per @Mrs Walsh, £1 1s Hon Mark Rolle, Steve@n-@ stone, 50 rabbits. Benefactions and sub-@ scriptions will be thankfully received by A M @@H Walrond,@ Esq., Hon Treasurer, Exeter Bank or at the In@ﬁrmary, Magdalen-street, Exeter.-Advt. Ou@@r Double Acrostic. A township and a lake A mood you can't mistake A monarch of whom Shakespeare wrote A shire with solid Home Rule vote, A modern town upon an ancient site A very worth@@y well-known Israelite The miser's God the usurer's delight. My @ﬁrsts denote a ruler at the helm My @ﬁnals what he rules, that is, his realm. ############################################### H O rinoc O S ia M The Local Government Act. Withdrawals. AXMINSTER. -The following have with- drawn from the District Council for the ######## of Axmou@th and Rousdon-Mr Sloman Colyton-Mr F Stokes, jun. and Mr Samuel White Chardstoc@k-Mr Bishop and Mr Pryer Kilmington-Mr W Trott Lime Regis-Mr Load and Mr Radford Thorn- combe-Mr W H Pinney. HONITON.-Messrs W Board, H Collins, and C Read have withdrawn their nominations as Guardians, and there will now be ######################### Rev F B Dickin- son has withdrawn his candidature as ################################ T G Palmer has with- drawn from the District Councillors' list. HARRERTON.-Mr Charles Towell, boot- maker, retires from the Guardians' election. SILVERTON.-Mr Bazley has withdrawn. his candiduture as Guardian. ############# Rev Prebendary Bramley, Mr J New chairman of the ############# , and Mr E ########### their nominations as ################################################ SCHOOL. Played at Lifton, the result being a win for Lifton by six goals to three. EXE ISLAND ROVERS v NAPIER JUNIORS. Played at Exeter, the result being a win for Napier by four goals to nil. OAKS B v CRE@DITON B. The Oaks second string took a heavy team to Crediton to meet the home B team, and won by a goal, a dropped goal, and a try to nil. BLUNDELL'S v WESTWARD HO! This match was decided at Tiverton, the homesters winning by a goal and @ﬁve tries to a try. Notwithstanding the runaway char- acter of the game, it was a very good and enjoyable one. TORQUAY ATHLETIC B v. BUCKFASTLEIGH. Played at Torquay, the result being a point- less draw. Backfastleigh conceded three minors. ST. LEONARD'S v. PRACTISING SCHOOL PAST . This match was played at Magdalen-road, and ended in a win for St. Leonard's by a try to nil. BIDEFORD v. BARNSTAPLE B.@@@@@@ Barnstaple B played Bideford at the latter place, and norwithstanding the fact that they had the services of Monty@ Toller, were beaten by two tries to nil. SIDMOUTH v OTTERY. This match was played at Sidmouth, and resulted in a win for the home team by a penalty goal and four tries to a penalty goal and one try. ALBION B v. KINGSBRIDGE. This match in connection with the Devon Junior Cup took place at Devonport, the result being a win for Albion B by three tries to one. ST. DAVID'S JUNIORS v. ST. SIDWELL'S JUNIORS. These teams met at Exeter. the result being a win for the former by a goal, a dropped goal, and four tries. BOVEY v. HEAVITREE. This match was played at Heavitree in @ﬁne weather and before a fair attendance of spec- tators. Bovey were by far the @ﬁner team, but Heavitree were better at half. The @ﬁrst half was slow, but interesting. Just after the start Cooper, for the visitors, scored a try, which was not converted. After the kick out, Bovey again pressed, but it was not until near half-time that Cooper once more scored. On the kick out Heavitree rushed the oval to their opponents 25 but Bovey were relieved by a kick. Heavitree showed better play in the second half but could not score, and the game ended@-Bovey Tracey, two tries Heavitree, nil. EXETER B v HEATHCOTE. Played at Tiverton. The visitors came two short and found two good subs in Britton and Pook of the Tiverton team. Exeter played a rattling game, whilst the homesters were somewhat noisy, and inclined to be rough. Cox for the home team scored a dis- puted try in the @ﬁrst half. Exeter had hard lines in not scoring, their wheeling of the scrum being splendidly. The @ﬁnal score was Heathcote-One try Exeter B-Nil@@.@@@@ OAKS v CREDITON. The great match did not interfere with the attendance at Alphington-road, where an interesting game was witnessed between Oaks and Crediton. Sawer and Densham were not playing for the homesters, who played two second men. Soon after the start the visitors were awarded a free kick, but nothing better than a save resulted. Crediton forced play into Oaks' territory, and for a time looked dangerous, but a @ﬁne run by Peter Underhill put matters in a di@ﬀerent light. He passed all his opponents but the back, and he in endeavouring to collar him knocked the ball out of his hands. A free kick for the homesters had the e@ﬀect of livening matters up a bit, and several smart rushes were made by either side, Johns being conspicious for Kirton. A rather easy chance for the visitors obtained after a smart run, was spoiled by wild passing, and the @ﬁrst half ended with no score. Oaks commenced to press directly the second half commenced, and from Crediton's 25 @ﬂag Gard made a good, though ine@ﬀec- tual, att@@empt@ to drop a goal. A smart mark by Cornish at mid-@ﬁeld was practically use- less, and a good run under di@ﬀiculties, and in the thick of opponents, by Middlewick was equally unproductive. A pretty piece of running among the home threequarters brought the ball to the visitors' goal, and a punt over the bar resulted in a save. Gard very cleverly stopped a forward rush. A mark mid-way between the centre @ﬂag and Crediton 25, taken by Bates, was fruitless, and after a little exciting play a save in favour of Oaks resulted. Faulkner in the visiting 25 took from a scrum and passed to Goodman, who made a tricky run and scored in the corner. Bates' kick was a failure. A piece of wild passing by the home quarters made matters look a little dangerous but Gard ca@me to the rescue with a @ﬁne stop and Bates, picking up, passed to Cornish, who ran along the line and kicked to the centre under the goal, where the Crediton back took possession, and the ball was worked away from dangerous ground, and exciting play in the home@ territory resulting in nothing, the game ending-Oaks-One try Crediton-Nil. EXETER v BRIDGWATER. This match was played at the County Ground this afternoon. The weather was beautifully @ﬁne, but the attendance was fairly good. Preece kicked o@ﬀ and Culverwell well re- turned. Read sent back with advantage to the visitors 25 where the Bridgwater for- wards came away to the centre. Labbett by a @ﬁne dribble took the leather dangerously near the home line, but the visiting back stopped his career. A series of long shots took place between the two backs, the Exonia@ns gaining the advantage. Labbett came away from the 25 and wriggling through a host of opponents scored a try in a favourable position. H. Reed took th@e kick and was successful. On the kick o@ﬀ the visitors took the leather to the home quarters but Harris relieved. Culverwell was well away ## Escott tackled him before he could get anything like dangerous. The Exeter men by a drib@ble transferred operations to the visiting 25,@@ where Culverwell relieved by a kick and run. The visiting threequarters exhibited some @ﬁne passing, but Escott well collared an opponent when very dangerous. Exeter quartette showed some @ﬁne passing resulting in Baker scoring. Reed made a splendid attempt to majorise but failed. Not long after the kick o@ﬀ Labbett gave to Colson, who transferred to Reed. The latter went o@ﬀ, and handling o@ﬀ his opponents in @ﬁne style scored another try for Exeter. No goal resulted. F. Escott came away from the scrum and scored another try for Exeter. Reed kicked the goal. Nothing further was scored up to half-time. Exeter@-Two goals two tries Bridgwater-Nil Bridgwater kicked o@ﬀ, and Escott@ well returned to touch in the centre. Escott received from a scrum and gave to Baker in his own 25. The latter came up the @ﬁeld, and, leaving Culverwell behind, ran in a@nd scored between the posts. Reed kicked an easy goal. On the kick out Exeter ############################################ match was played at Weston-@ super-Mare in delightful weather and on a splendid ground. There was a very large attendance. The sides were as pub- lished. Devon started and shewed @ﬁne passing against the Somerset dribbles, but the former prevailing Stoyle scored and goaled. Even play followed exciting tactics without scoring, C Chard for Somerset and Chipman for Devon distinguish- ing themselves, Boucher being compelled to save. At half time there was no increase in the score. In the second half Somerset started with the advantage, compelling the visitors to save. Devon's splendid passing, however soon reversed minor points, and Sowden scored, but the try was not im- proved. @@Play remained in mid-@ﬁeld for a considerable time, and was of give-and- take order. Hocken made a brilliant run, nearly scoring for Devon. Mermagen Somerset ran the full length of the @ﬁeld and scored, Rogerson converting. Result-Devon, one goal one try Somerset, one goal. ########################### greatest enthusiasm was witnessed at the meeting of Devon and Somerset in their match held at Weston-Super-Mare this after- noon. It knew no bounds. It never did between these old deadly but friendly rivals and although Devon has never previously de- feated Somerset since the advent of recognised organisation, and it was after drawing on two previous occasions at Barnstaple and Exeter respectively last year the Dumplings were eventually beaten at Weston last season the teams have since materially changed, and Devon, who had a better advantage this year over Gloucester and Cornwall than did Somerset, as regards the number of points in their victories. Thousands of spectators from all parts of the West of England-including several hundred from Exeter an@d the adjoin- ing towns-lined the ropes, and as the game progresses the merits of the respective teams, which were as follows, could be plainly seen -DEVON. SOMERSET. Back. W Hocken, Albion Boucher, Taunton Threequarters. H Stoyle, Barnstaple ############################################################# Bowles improved Somerset's ################################ took the oval into his opponents ground, but a long shot by Sowden was wel returned by Boncher. The visitors, however still attacked, bu@t even@tually Somerset assumed the o@ﬀensive. Passing between Chipman, George, Sowden neutralised matters, Soane stopping a dangerous rush. Hocken missed the oval, and Mermagen, rushing up, secured and scored, Rogerson goaling.@@ The ####################################################################### Hall at noon to-day to attend the wedding of Prince Adolphus of Teck and Lady ################################################ Culverwell well defended. Escott received from a scrum, and Labbett romping over the line scored again for Exeter. Reed goaled, H. Escott shortly afterwards received and ran through a host of opponents winding up with a smart performance by dropping a goal while running@ Within a few minutes Reed ran in, no goal resulting. The same player again notched a point, the goal being successful. Nothing further was scored, and the game ended-@@@Exeter-Five goals, one dropped goal and three ##################################################################### Bristol Haft-backs. W George, #################################################### Weston Forwards. G P Allington, ########################## Hawkings, Tqy ################################# Barnstaple W ################## ############# ############################################################################################################################################### Aguila, Bath The referee was Mr. Holmes Midland Countses , and the touch judges Messrs Dixon Devon and Fox Somerset. The Great Western Railway made special arrangements for conveying spectators to the match. They had announced a special train to be run from Dartmouth, taking up pas- sengers on route, but it was found necessary to run it in two parts, one being started from Exeter, and only stopping at Wellington. This ########### took 250 enthusiasts@-reached Weston at 2.15, a quarter of an hour before time. The original Dartmouth section -having 700 passengers aboard-reached Weston at 2.35 and the special taking 800 visitors from Barnstaple, Minehead, and other places along the Northern littoral steamed gaily into the station at 2.25. Altogether over 400 persons were booked from Exeter, 100 from Barnstaple, and 100 from Tiverton. The match was played in splendid weather, and before about four thousand spectators. THE GAME. May started for Devon, and Baker mu@ﬀing, the leather the visitors attacked. Devon were awarded a free kick for o@ﬀside play by C Chard but an attempt to place a goal by Stoyle failed, and the ball was saved. George turned the kick o@ﬀ, and Somerset were again placed on the defensive. Woods and Han- cock then carried the oval well into touch and Soane led a dribble to the centre, Play for a time kept in the centre, but George gained possession and passed to Chipman, who forwarded to Bildings, and Sowden getting the ball served to Salter, who ran near the home line. Hostilities were promptly taken back to neutral ground, Hancock heading a dan- gerous rush Rogerson and Westcott attacked hotly, Stoyle, however, frus- trating their e@ﬀorts. Mermagen magni- ﬁcently kicked near Devon's line, but the venue of play was soon trans- ferred to the centre. Boucher pulled Sowden over after an excellent run in front of the line Stoyle then scored, Hocken converting. Stoyle's try, it appeared, was obtained as follows George nearly ran in just previously, and play being on the line George picked up and passed to Bildings, who served to Stoyle and that player, as stated, scored, planting the oval behind the posts amid loud cheering which was renewed again when Hocken kicked a @ﬁne goal. Somerset afterwards pressed, their forwards working grandly under Soane's captaincy. May dribbled well, but Rogerson put the oval into touch in Devon's ground. Excellent passing among the Devon backs soon altered matters. Hawkings broke away, and Hancock retaliating Talter fell on the leather, play being central, George afterwards passed to Chipman, who gave to Sowden and his transfer pass to Salter was missed, b@ut the Exmouth man picked up and kicked near the line, Boucher replying. A lucky @ﬂying kick by Wescott greatly relieved Somerset. Hocken took a shot at goal, Mermagen saving twice successfully. Nothing further was scored up to half time when the record stood -Devon-One goal. Somerset-Nil. SECOND HALF. Woods started the second half, Stoyle returning well into touch. and the same Devonian made a mark o@ﬀ a free kick by Woods, but Somerset proceeded to attack Sowden relieved with a kick, but the ball returned over the line, Hocken just saving Salter and Thomas succeeded in obtaining marks, but nothing came of the kicks, the homesters con- tinuing to press strongly. After a series of scrums Chipman punted to neutral ground, and thus enabled Devon to breathe once more. Somerset, however, gained ground, Ebdon taking the leather to Devon's quarter @ﬂag, but the homesters warm- ing once more to their work repulsed the onslaught. May then dribbled over the 50 line, Somerset for the @ﬁrst time during this half being put on the defensive. Excel- lent passing between Chipman, George, Sow- den and Bildings taking place. Stoyle eventu- ally put in a magni@ﬁcent run, and then followed another bout of passing George slipped away from the scrum, passed to Chipman who forwarded to Bildings, and that player passed to Sowden, who scored a brilliant try @amid tremendous cheering on the part of the Devonian spectators. Hocken@ failed at goal. Even play followed, and .then Devon, encouraged by their success, once more attacked. Woods and Hancock drib@bled to the centre, and a free kick kick ############################################## goal and one try SOMERSET-One goal. The @ﬁrst intimation of the result of the game was publis@hed in Exeter in the window at the Evening Post, the news being received with the greatest satisfaction as it rapidly spread throughout the city, and there is no doubt that the victorious team will have an enthusiastic welcome on arriving at the Ever Faithful this evening. ########################### The bet@ter side undoubtedly won in fact, it was only towards the latter end that Somerset got on Devon's line proper, and then it was when through a mistake of Hocken in not accepting the oval from Hancock's dribbling that Mermagen @came up and scored. It was the work of a moment. Throughout the Somerset play was some- what disappointing, whilst Devon, with their pluck and unda@unted courage, played in such a manner that clearly showed them to be superior. The visitors completely outclassed their opponents in passing, every back man justifying his place, and the forwards wheeled the scrums a@nd heeled out remarkably well. Where Somerset, bad the advantage was in the forward rushes. These they were able to accomplish a@d libitum, and with success they laid themselves open to a forward game. Hancock, Woods, and Soane were powerful, but the Devon men were equal to the task of frustrating their e@ﬀorts. To mentionedly individuaiise the Devon players would be invidious, for they were grand to a man. The Devonian spectators present displayed overwhelming enthusiasm at their ##### victory, the welkin ringing again and again with the heartiest cheering when the @@ﬁna whistle had blown. NEWTON ROVERS v HEAVITREE B. A draw was the result of this match between these team@ at Newton. ST THOMAS HARLEQUINS v St THOMAS WANDERERS. This match was played at Marsh Barton and ended in a win for the @ﬁrst named team by two tries to nil. Roberts and Dodd were the scorers. ST. THOMAS JUNIORS v ST. LEONARDS @B. The St. Thomas boys won this match by a try to a cypher. MR. HOBBS'S XV v NEWTON COLLEGE 3RD. This match resulted in a win for Mr. Hobbs's XV by two goals and two tries to one try. HONITON v CRE@WKERNE. This match was played at Crewkerne, the visitors winning by a goal and two tries to nil. TAVISTOCK COLLEGE v RALEIGH. This match, contested at Tavistock, was won by the Collegians by two goals to a try. EXETER ASSOCIATION RESERVE v DAWLISH Y.MC.A Played at James' Park this afternoon before a small attendance. Exeter kicked o@ﬀ and soon pressed the goal keeper having to save within a few minutes. After even play for about ten minutes Addis secured the ball and dribbled up the @ﬁeld scoring the @ﬁrst goal with a good shot. At half time the score stood-E@xeter-Two goals Dawlis@h-Nil. In the second half the Reserves had matters all their own way, and kept the ball almost continually in the Dawlish territory. The Exonians added four more goals, and ran out easy winners, the score being-Exeter-Six goals Dawlish-Nil CUMBERLAND v. WESTMORELAND. The last matches in the North-Western competition took place at Kendal in beautiful weather. Carradic@e kicked o@ﬀ for the home team, and for some time a fast and even game was witnessed. Braithwaite got over for West- moreland, but was played back, Goodman su@ﬀered hard lines twice at a drop at goal. After some nice passing Fletcher scored near the corner @ﬂag for Cumberland, Moore failing to convert. Half time-Cumberland, one try Westmoreland, nil. Cumberland-One try Westmoreland-Nil. On the ball restarting, even play continued though the Cumberland forwards showed a slight superioriry. Davidson made a grand run for Cumberland, and directly afterwards Goodman almost dropped a goal for Westmoreland. A @ﬁerce tussle on the strangers' line ensued until Kitchen gave relief. Both ends in turn were invaded, but without either team scoring. An interesting game ended-Cumberland-One try, Westmoreland-Nil. DARTMOUTH B v. R.NE. STUDENTS B. At Dartmouth, an even game resulting in a draw. R.N.E. STUDENTS v. DARTMOUTH. These teams met at Home Park, and being evenly matched a @ﬁne game ensued. It was only towards the close of the @ﬁrst half that the Students showed any decided superiority, and then Pendleton snatched up and went over with a try. The kick failed. The second half was just as evenly contested, play being very fast and scienti@ﬁc. Nothing more was scored@, and the game ended@-R.N.E. College-One try Dartmouth-Nil TORQUAY ATHLETIC v ALBION A. At Bladderly. Albion started, and play settled for a few minutes in Torquay 25. but very soon the visitors' backs showed excellent play and for a considerable time had the best of the game, Olver and Harding frequently breaking away. Proctor, an Albion forward, had a ### broken, and just after Causey scored a try and converted it. The second half was as even as possible, until @ﬁve minutes before the call of time when after a splendid turn of passing of the threequarters, Kitto got in at the corner, the kick failed. Nothing further was registered and the score stood-Torquay Athletic-One try. Albion A-Nil. GLOUCESTER v CORNWALL. These counties met at Gloucester in @ﬁne weather, the ground being soft. Both teams had been beaten by Devon and Somerset. The home team were without Wallace, Watts, and Collins. The visitors were strong and after twenty minutes even forward play Bowley scored for the homesters. Haines succeeded in majorising. Some @ﬁne forward rushes ensued and these gave the Cornishmen a look in, and they scored a penalty goal. More even play followed, but nothing further was scored up to the interval, when the score read -Gloucestershire-One goal Cornwall-One penalty goal. Result-Gloucester, one goal and a try Cornwall, a penalty goal. In the second half Gloucestershire attacked and exacted a minor after ten minutes' pressure. The homesters had rather the best of the succeeding play which was very uninteresting. Then Taylor nearlyd scored and Lockyer, getting the ball in a line out, dropped over. Haines failed to convert. The ensuing play@ was fought out in the centre, mainly by forwards. Bad passing lost ############ chance, and nothing further being done the result was-@@@@@@Gloucestershire-One goal one try Cornwall-O@ne penalty goal. PENARTH v NEWPORT. Newport beat Penarth by two tries to nil. NEATH v. PONTYPRIDD. Neath scored an easy victory over Pont y pridd by three goals and three tries to nil. BLACK@HEATH v CARDIFF. The match at Cardi@ﬀ resulted in a win for the visitors by a goal and two tries to two goals. NEWTON v. TOTNES. Played at Newton and after an uninterest- ing and ocassionally rough game, ended in a win for the home team by a try to nil. The point was made in the second half by Wells, after a tricky run. Mr. Beer, of Torquay, refereed. pEXMOUTH v ALLER VALE. This was the grandest game on the Aller Vale ground for the season. Bradford started for the home team, and by well following up prevented a return. The homesters at once commenced to press, and Exmouth was co@@@mmpelled to save. From the kick out the visitors played up smart for a time, but were driven back again. Play being at half way, Hobbs intercepted a pass, and making a grand run fell over the line, but was rolled into touch. The second half was very even, and there was no score. TAVISTOCK v. 2ND DEVON REGIMENT. Play at Tavistock. The homesters im- mediately broke away at the start, Kerswell shooting wide. Sargent shot past, and Tavistock obtained a corner, Merri@ﬁeld falling. Play was somewhat furious and Waldron was knocked out, but was applauded on re-appearing. The Devons shot wide. Hands against Tavistock were called, and De Gray and Williams had to save. Tavistock continued shooting, but very erratically, and at half time nothing was scored. From a corner Waldron scored, but the point was disallowed. From hands against Devon Doi@dge scored, and Sargent shortly after registered a goal. Resut.-Tavistock-Two goals Devo@n-Nil EXETER v BAMPTON ASSOCIATION . These teams met under Association rules at Bampton. There was a fair attendance Exeter started and quickly assumed the o@ﬀensive, but erratic shooting and excellent defence prevented the visitors scoring more than twice up to half time. Much amusement was caused by the splendid tricky play of Exeter. At half-time Exeter led by two to nil. In the second half play went all in favour of Exeter, the home team seldom crossing the half-way line. Five more goals were added, and the result was-Exeter-Seven goals. Bampton-Nil. GENERAL MATCHES. Cambridge University beat Rosslyn Park Sunderland beat Small Heath. She@ﬀield Wednesday beat Stoke. She@ﬀield United v Liverpool, a tie. Wolverhampton Wanders v Derby County, a tie. Burnley beat Preston North End. Everton beat Bolton Wanderers, Aston Villa beat Blackburn. Notts Forest beat West Bromwich Albion. Cambridge University beat Old Foresters G EO. G. BUSSEY Co, ar@@@@e leading makers of requisites for Football, Hockey, Golf, Base-ball. Gymnasia, and all Sports and Games. Illustrated catalogues may be obtained from the local dealers, or the Sports Manufactory, Peckha@m, London. Trade Mark. ############################################################### Light ################# 1,512, o@ﬀice of ##################### Christmas ############# Christmas, Good Rhein Wine and eight other ######################### free 3d.-John ######################################### Pianos f@rom ######### 199, High-street, Exeter. T O Let No. 6@, ########################## Also 1, ############################################################################################################################################################### BEEF AND ############ ########## 1@2TH. MESSRS. HUSSEY AND SON W ###### by Auction ###################### on ################ at 10 a.m. Present entries Splendid Fat Devon Oxen, Steers, and ######## choice Cross-bred and Longwool ###### Exmoors, 3 Fat Lambs. The whole of the above Stock ########## of the choicest quality, ########## the principal agriculturists in the ######### Queen-street, Exeter, #################################### ######### ######################################################################################################################################## my self as a ############## Council, with the ############## ing out the duties which ####### as a representative of the ############ mention my past services of thirty years. First, as ############### of the Sanitary ############## of the Board of ############# for which I received a ############# 240 subscriberr in recognition ####### services to the ratepayers and poor ################### as an elected member of ############ with the approval of ################# Should you ########## worthy of your approval. I ############## honestly, faithfully, and ############# best of my ability. Your faithfully, JOHM CAPRON 7, Sta@ﬀord-terrace, Heavitree, Dec. 7th, 1894 CITY EDITION. Conspiracy to Murder President. NEW YORK, Saturday. A Rio despatch to the ############# that two Italians and Portuguese have arrested charged with conspiracy to murder President Moracs. ############################################################## triumph in the Brigg Division caused the liveliest satisfaction in Unionist circles in Exeter and throughout the county this after- noon, the idea being generally expressed that the rejection of the Gladstonian candidate has greatly weakened the Minis- terial position. Our Newton correspondent telephones this evening that the news of the result was received with pleasant surprise at that town. It was telegraphed to all parts of the division and placards were issued in a very short time pointing the lessons to be deduced from the Unionist victories at Forfar and ######################################################################## J. W. Hobbs, of Liberator notoriety, it is stated says the Central News that the order sent to the convict at Wo@@rmwood Scrubbs Prison has been returned marked gone away, and no further information given the order was made upon the petition of the liquidator of J. W. Hobbs an@d Co., Limited. Chief Constable sent to Goal. At Bradford Police Court to-day James Phillip Woodman, Chief Constable of Reigate, Surrey, was charged with embezzling monies of the Bradford Corporation amounting altogether to £250 Prisoner was f@or@merly chief clerk in the Bradford Police Oﬀice, and @@for a period of three years had ########################## the accounts. Prisoner plea@ded @@guilty, and urged that he had used ################ the support of relations. he was sent@enced to @ﬁve months' ###################################################################### of 300 sovs, the second to receive 25sovs. and the third 10 out of the race. About three miles and a half. Captain Aikin's ############# Ripley 1 Mr Wiager's Wild Man from Borneo Mr T J Widger 2 Mr Shedbeck's Badminton ...A Nightingall 3 Also ran -Ardcarn, Torchlight, Schooner, Ceylon, Up and Down. Betting-7 to 4 agst Badminton, 9 to 4 Ardcarn, 100 to 12 Schooner, 10 to 1 Wild Man from Borneo, Torchlight, 100 to 6 Red- hill, Ceylon o . Run at 2.35 ########################################################################## Murder. Accused before the Magistrate. Reginald Sannderson, aged 21, of K@astcote Hampton Wick, was charged at the West London Police Court before Mr. Curtis Be@@nnett this morning with the wilful murder of Augusta Dawes, age about 29, by cutting her throat in Holland Park-road, Kensington, o@n November 25th last. A large crowd had assembled in the vicinity of the Court await- ing the accused, w@ho was brought from Kensington Police Station in the c@ustody @of Superintendent Ferrets, of the F Division, and Sergeants Thompson and Dyson. He was taken in to the room assigned for the use of the police while waiting for his case to be called. @He wore a large ulster, and his #################################################################################################### 2 Mr Hibbert's Samarcand......R Nightingall 3 Also ran-St Dunstan, Surprise. Halsbury, First King, Ribble, Gilt Edged, Silver Image. King's Birthday, Toil and Trouble, Scottish Jewel. Betting-9 to 4 agst St Dunstan, 3 to 1 Prince Frederick, 7 to 1 Toil and Trouble, 10 to 1 Samarcand, 100 to 8 bar four o . Won in a canter by three lengths ei@ght lengths between the second and third. Run at ############################# 100 sovs. Two miles. Mr McCorkell's ############## 1 Mr E Loder's Boy ################# 2 Mr Gooch's ################ 3 Also @ran-Great Scott II, Caromandel II, Westmenth, ###### Pliny. Betting-13 to 8 ################ 5 to 2 Great Scott 6 to ## Boy Chieftain, 100 to 8 bar three o . Won by four lengths a bad third. Great Scott II fell at the second fence and breaking one of his fore legs was speedily destroyed. Run at 3.40 #################### of 100 sovs. Two miles over eight hurdles Mr Miller's Will o' the ########### 1 Mr @R Walter's ########### Davies 2 Mr Knight's ############### 3 Also ran -@Simon Fraser, Cameronian, Wrangler, Sweetmeat, St Ignatius. Betting-9 to 2 agst Wrangler, Shota@way, ######## 5 to 1 Cemeronian, Will o' the Wisp, 12 to 1 St. Ignatius, 10 to 1 Simon Fraser and Sweetmeat. Won in a canter by @ﬁve lengths a neck separated the second and ################################################################################### the accused was un- defended. In opening the case, Mr. Sims said the prisoner was a boarder an establishment at ############# appeared from there between ####### o'clock on the evening of the murder. At ten o'clock the same evening he was seen in the Haymarket, and at ######### o'clock a man answering to his ######## seen struggling with the woman. After formal evidence prisoner was remanded in custody. The Belfast Disaster. Resumed Inquest. ###################################################### Moore Place Flat Race-Bowlegs,@100 to 8 agst@@ Selling Steeplechase-St @Anthony, 5 to 2 agst Great Sandown Redhill, 100 to 6 agst Long Ditton @Hdle-Prince Frederick, 3 to 1ag Handicap Steeplechase@-Mariner. 13 to 8 agst H'cap Hurdle@-Will o' The Wisp, 5 to  agst O@ﬀicial Scratchings. Leicester engagements-All Mr John Craig's horses All engagements-Amiable Notes. Bradford the jockey spent another good night, and showed much improvement this ###################### ACHES AND ################################################################################################################################################# @Julian Girard. The Girards, Theatre ############################# ########### I have used your Em- brocation with surprising ########################## and never intend being without ######################### THROAT FROM ############################ a Clergyman. For many years I have @I have used your Embrocation, and found it most ################################## and curing sore throat@ fro@m ######################################################################### Schoolroom last ################# to-day before Mr. ####### coroner. Head ########### @ﬁrst witness examined ######### McCartan, M.P., who ################ of the deceased, ################ @he had made ##### have been physically ######## lad O'Donnell, who ############ incriminating ######### in custody to ################ out ############### in which O'Donnell ######## Hobbs, next examined, ### was three feet from the ############ gas @meter was placed, ############### turing o@ﬀ ### McCarter at this stage ###### Culler., a school teacher, ######## McClean present in Court, and if necessary they would go into the ######### refute certain statements ########### the advance agent of the ############## that was giving #################### to being asked to send teachers to keep order, an@d also as to the of the money paid for admission to the show. The Coroner sai@d it #### ########### that these matters ########### into for the purpose of @ﬁnding if there had been any negligence or culpability the part of anyone. For that reason he would request both gentlemen to remain.-Andrew Kerri@gam, one of the teachers of the school in which the disaster occurred, denied that he had received any invitation from either Mr. Arthur or his agent to be present at the show. He was in his own house ad- joining the school when the panic ########### into the building by the back door. The place was in total Finding he was unable to light the gas witness ran to the meter an ####### The children were ########## other at the ######### brother carried of them into the yard. #### been keys to lock up the cellar in which the meter is placed, but for over a a ##################################################################################### been lost. It would have been impossible to turn out the gas at the meter in the manner described by the ################ I@nquiry ################################# and Published by WILLIAM HENRY ###### for @the proprietors, the ######## Company Limited , at ########################## North-street, in ################# in the City of Exeter, ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################