[OCR_toInput] Die. E-Elizabeth Norths®, St Sidweil, 4 4-Margaret Wotton, St Marita, 64 6-Edilft Spiosr, St Matthew, 4 month Percy Underdown, ft James, 21 month 6- •William Robert , 8t James, 59 7- Emily Vienicombe, 8t Sidwell. 3 8- Samuel Markt, Holy Trinity, 79 William Marwood, St David, 33 Bamnel Bryant, St Paul, 65 Violet L Ka hmer, St Leonard. 1 month 6 -fxktkr flying roar, Saturday, December wh. Ca eluded from, the flying Post of Deo. 1. We lose the joy of nature knd the blewed old-time lays. We cannot voice their music In the present battling days We mis the holy commune 'Twixt the heart aud ife within The hallowed voice of o- nscience-I it silenced by the din ? The race of life is ardent. And torrid to its beat No flower of beauty lingers About those crowding feet. The weak hearts sink by thousands Beneath the surging throng, For in the world of conflict The victor are the strong. What if the dress of power Brings the novel crown of pain Wnat if the place of vantage Hath a cross to weight the gain ? What if the golden image Cannot render what we ask-How fruitless all the effort, And how bitter all the task. In striving for the magnet We lose the grester prise Of peace, and trua contentment. Wherein real greatness liss. Wherein, then, shall wo labour, But in trust, and to be free, With faith and hope to succour, And the Lord our destiny. William Tumid. Heavitree, December 6th, 1894-. MORNING SUMMARY. King Christian of Demark is ill. A Council will be held at Windsor on Wednesday. Fifteen aaarebists war arrested in Pari •n Thursday. Mrs. H. Beerbohm Tree gave birth to a daughter yesterday Thirteen Turkish officers have been appointed to various regiments in the Praseian irmy. A Putney gentlcmur', wife has eloped with 'i lodger, taking her •Ujht children and all he furniture. A daughter of Jabez Balfour, the wife of a well-known medical man at Croydon, hae jnet given birth to a son. Mr. C. Downes, of Worleston. met with a serious accident whilst hunting wiih tb Bouth Cheshire bounds yesterday. M. Ferdinand de Lesseps, of Suez Can fame, died last evening at his chateau of La Chennaic, near Vatan. A Dutchman, who shot himself to avoid arrest a d recovered from his injuries, has banged himself in prison at Monte Carlo. Sebastopol and Simferopol have just been connected by telephone, which has been attached to the telegraph poles on tha rail way. The Sheriff of Ayr has dismissed the petition of Mr. William John Fulton, who claimed the Earldom and estates of Eglinton. A mourning coach, two valuable borses, and a dozen sets of harness bare been stolen from an undertaking firm's premises in Hackney. M. Camille Dreyfus, an ex-deputy, manag ing Editor of the E'uiion, was arrested last evening in connection with the Paris black mailing scandals. The Japanese ate reported to have msde themselves quite at home at Port Arthur, and to be on rrier.Uly terms with the Chinese there. John Kenning, charged with stealing a seal cloak, value £800, the property of the Countess of Warwick, was yesterday seu-t moed to two months' hard labour. The Ranchers of tha Inner Tempi© have de cided to print tbe MS. records of their Society, datiog from 1,506, the twenty-second year of the reign of Henry VII., to the present time. At Ulster Assizes yesterday two game keepers, named Deane and Lees, were sentenced to twelve and six months'imprison ment respectively for baring wounded two poachers Mr. Stoddart's team yesterday began a match at Brisbane against Queensland. The Englishmen were at the wicket all day, aHd scored 364 for four wickets. Mr. Stoddart con tributing 149 and Ward 117. A deaf old lidy of 70 was knocked dowB by a train near Carmarthen, the engine aud three carriages passing over her as she lay between the lines, but with the exception of a scalp wound she was unhurt. Lord Londonderry, speaking in Marylebone last night, said the attack on the House of Lords was meant to divert attention from Home Rule, and repay the Nationalists by whose help the Government obtained office. The agitation was falling flat. At Chatham Dockyard at pay time yester day afternoon, a fitter, named James Winning forgot his ticket and ran back to fetch it, when by some means he fell from the top gallery of tlie fitting shop, His head struck a drilling machine with great violence, his skn'l was fractured, and death was instan taneous. At the North London Sessions yesteiday, Banfield Lamb, who, it was stated, belonging to an old Devonshire family, and five years ago succeeded to a fortune of £34,000, which had been squandered, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labenr on a charge of stealing a watch and card case at Souths . Will you rote tor me at the election? asked a Swansea School Board candidate of a gentleman of his acquaintance. No I shan't be here, was the reply, But- I'll tell you what I'll do-I'll lend you a trap Will you? cried the candidate enthusi astically Well that will carry more weight. - Cardiff Express At Leeds Assizes yesterday Mary Hopple-etone, 39, was charged with the manslaughter of her daughter, aged 12, at Sheffield, and was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment with hard laoour. The girl had been out plaving, aud staying too long, the prisoner lost her temper, and threw a poker at the child. The poker entered tbe neck and the injury proved fatal, Mr. Asqaltb, addressing a meeting under the auspices of the J ondon Reform Union last night, said Lcrd Salisbury's sudden and enamoured advocacy of dividing up London into municipality s might be at'r buted not to his love of municipalities so much as his haired of lit County Counoil. With regard to the City, be denied that they would be guilty of senfiseation. TORQUAY. Furatsh year hemes t the Bxehaiu A M rt Torquay. All goods oarriage free, newer seooad hand, to suit all pockets.-diet. Holloway's Coca Wine-The very thingfor invalids M lowav's Coca Wine-A scientific product irom Holloway's Coca Wine-Cooa Bolivia A Best Wine. Hollowsy'aCocaWine- Magic lestorer of nerve power. Sow av s Coca Wine-For young and old and delicate Ladies. H S.r.vway s Coca Wiuo-None other s Newman, and Wine Merchants, like it -Ld., and Milton, Chemiet, Exeter. Wilson, Ex-mouth, Ac. RJLUway'eCoca Wine-Takes precedence of all iu iiar preparation . DISTRICT NEW8. Mr. E. W. H U died at his ro denoo, CokerCourt, Yeovil, on Monday, Miss Troyte, Huntsham Qdtjrt, has presented an altar frontal to Hampton parish ohuroh. ' ■ , Lientenant E. C. Wren, 1st Deronshirs Regiment, has besn seleoted for duty at the Dep6t, Exeter, . The Rev. Canon Kyre, of TivcrtoD, ha dooided not to accept the living of Alton, Birmingham. The Rev. A. H. Reid, late of Torquay, has become successor to the Rev. W. Fergusson, of Ellen Free Chnrch. Mr. James Lewis Wolferstan, of Blundell's School, Tiverton, has been awarded an exhibi tion in mathematics at Worcester College. Hon. R. and Mre. Butler and Miss Butler, of Nidd Hall, Yorkshire, are staying at Braddon Court, Torquay, for a few weeks. Mr. Charles Sootier, the general manager of the London and South Western Railway has undergone a successful operation for cataract. Ilfracombe Town Council on Monday decided to apply for power to borrow £4,202 19s 4d for extending the water mains, jcc. Mr. J. C, New, chairrat.n of the Tiverton Guardians, ie to be entertained at a compli mentary dinner by tbe members of the Board on the 17th Inst. Exbtrr Pi3p .nsart - Saturday.-Re maining on the books last week, 596 admitted this week, 113-709 discharged cured, 44 benefited. 62 no return, 4-110 Remain 599. The Rev. W. H. Smith, of Newton Abbot, ha3 been presented with £10, subscribed by the Bible Christians of the Barnstaple Circuit as a recognition of his services during bis stay amongst them. Mr. William Bolitho, manager of the Con solidated Bank of Cornwall, and cousin of Mr. T. B. Bolitoo, M.P.. was found dead in bsd at his residence, Ponsandane, near Penzance, on Sunday morning. The Earl of Rosebery has consented to receive an address frem tbe Radicals of Salisbury and South Wiltshire, at Salisbury on the 10th inst., when he will pass through that city en route for Devonport. Mr. J Passmore Edwards has promised the Shoreditch Library Commissioners a con tribution £1.000 towards tbe erection of their second library in Pitfield-street as soon as they are ready to have the fontdatisn stone laid. This offer will bring up Mr. Edward's donation to the Shoredith Library to ££5,250 and 1,000 books, A marriage has been arranged between Cecil Roy Blunders of Downs House, Hants, son of tbe late Andrew Sanuders, B.A. Oxon, of Downs House, and Ada Maud, youngest daughter of the late Rev. William Twyae M.A. Cantab, for 28 yeare rector of Rayleigh, Eeeex, and also vicar of Whiteparlsh, Wilts. Uoncirt.-The concert at the Working Men' Society's Room, Milk-street, on Monday evening, was on behalf of the fund for provid ing a free tea to the aged poor. An excellent irogramme was contributed to by Messrs, i Rae, A and H Pitt, R Candy, W and J White, S G Chase, Guest, Thorn, W Willsy-Welsman, Punchard, and tb Grecian Hand bell Ringer . Before tb Davenport magistrates on Wednesday, John Sweet, residing at Baker's-place, Richmond Walk, was summoned by hi wife, Elizabeth, for assaulting her -There was a cross-summons against the wife for a similar offence.-Mr. Bickle Bond, Pearce and Bickle appeared for the husband, and asked for an adjournment. Terms had been offered, and an agreement was to be drawn up legally.-The case was adjourned for a week. Before tbe Mayor Mr J B James , Dr G A Rue, Messr J W Piyder, R B Welch, W Pe k, G T Rolston, G Thorne, and H Williams, at the Devonport Police Court on Wednesday Frederick Cole, grocer, Gsorge-street, was summoned at the instance of the inspector under the Food and Drugs Act Mr G T Geaton - for selling adulterated coffee in November last.-Mr J P Goldsmith prosecuted.-Defendant admitted tbe offence, and said his wife,who was not in the business, nnfortuuatsly sold it without the protecting label. He bad no desiie to evade the law. -The Mayor said the Magictrates were of opinion that it was not inadvertently, and inflicted a fine of 5s and oosts. At the Higher Barrack?, Exeter, on Monday ing a court-martial was held for the purpose of trying Private George Pring, of the Depot Devon Regiment, for desertion, and losing by negleet, his clothing, 4co. The president was Major Spratt, tbe other officers present being Captain Johnstone Royal Artillery and LieutenantRadcliffe Depot Devon Regiment . It appears that the prisoner deserted his regiment at Maker Fort, Plymouth, in April, 1893, and surrendered at Exeter on November 21st last. The sentence passed at that day's hoaring will have to be sent to the Comman dant for confirmation, and will be made known in due course. At a meeting of the Bnrgeue of the Strand Ward held nt the British Schools, Torquay, on Monday, under th# presidency of Aider-man Bovey, it was deoided to support the candidature of Miss Webb, of Meadfoot-villa.was one of the two guardians for the ward. It wag proposed to accept the candidature of Councillor Wills as the other guardian. Another proposition was made in favour of Mr. Pridham - It was eventually decided to leave these twogenllemen to settle the matter between themselves, it being stated that Mr. Wills' nomination paper bad been lent in. Gymnastic Display -Members of the Exoter Y'.M.C.A. gave their third annual gymnastic display at the B rnfield Hall on Monday evening. The Right Worshipful the Mayor Alderman A. Steele-Perkins , who was accompanied by Miss Perkins, presided over a large attendance, and after referring to the great advantages of gymnastic exercises, said praise was due to their honorary teacher, who for two years had devoted eo muoh time to their training with no hope of reward beyond the satisfaction of doing good servico to his fellow creatures. It was not always presetting about other that did o muoh good a the silent influence of duty manfully and thoroughly perform d. The gymnast , before going through their drill, pre ented a bouquet to the Mayoress. Conservative Dinner at Bidrford. Bideford Conaervative Association held its annual dinner atth# Music Hall on Wednesday Major Kirkwood Chairman of the Associa tion, presiding over a company of about 350 persons. Aftsr the usual loyal and patriotic toast. Mr. W. A. Roberts proposed Bideford Working Men's Asiociation, which was acknowledged by Major Kirkwood, and Sir Cameron Gull Unionist candidate for the division in responding to the toast of the Unionist cause submitted by Mr. C. Garvtce, said he thoaght they might con gratulate themselves upon the fact that in all parts of the division the Unionist party was in excelleat heart they had an excellent example a few day ago at Barnstaple, aud they bad another excellent example that night in that enthuelastio gathering. They had only ene wieb, and that was to fight their battle and the sooner they got the opportunity the better they would be pleased. Applause. They had leaders whom they could trust, and who cosld lead and they had a policy that re quired no gentle handing to commend it to the people of this country, a policy aiming at tbe health aud home happiness of the people, and at tbe peace and prosperity of tbe country. Their opponents had programmes without end, and perhaps th leading mark of their polioy was the attempt to stir np class against class. They had leaders whom they followed, but who could not agree amongst themselves. Ho had been accused of saying at Watermonth that the Unionist pxrty would repeal the Budget he had never said anything of th sort What did ha say, and what he laid now, was that It was most unwise in the present state of depression to place mere burdens upon the land. With regard to Mr Billson' primming on the compensation The Hoi , Oeotl aud Mi . KnatobbaU Hugessen have arrived at the Imperial Hotel Torquay, for th winter. Dr. Hawkin, senior member of the Royal College of Surgeons, died at Lowell, Dorset shire, this morning in bis 99th year. The Oxford University Silver Cup for the best marksman in the company has been awarded to Mr. A. S. Scott, eon of the Bev, W. Scott, of Exeter. Mr. H. A. Willey has presented to the trustees of the Bible Christian Chapel, Exeter, two handsome overhanging lamps for the doors of the Chapel. Mr. F. G. S. Taylor, eon of Councillor T Taylor, of Torquay, was on Moaday married to Miss Alice M. Johnson, daughter of Mr. S. Johnson, borough treasurer. At a fortnightly meeting ot the Loyal Fidelity Lodge, Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, at Barnstaple on Monday evening, Mr. A. Billson, M.P., was initiated an bon. member of tho Lodge. TheDuke of Bedford, !n a letter to Mr. G. W. Holder, the promoter of a concert held in Peterborough last night on behalf of the Royal Agricultural Benevolent Institution, •ent a cheque for one hundred pounds towards its funds On Monday at the Working Men's Society's Rooms Mr. Bishenden will give his complete lecture on Voice and Singing, including a short concert with songs and solos by bis upils, the Misses Cruttwell, Gamham, Vreford, and Mrs. Bishenden, Messrs. Chandler, Hitt, Ballan, and C. J. Bishenden. These singers will Include four octaves of notes between them Death of Mb. J.G. Gf.arb.-We regret to have to announce the death of Mr. John Gullett Geare, formerly ef Paragon House, South-street, and afterwards of No. 1, Fair Park which event took place at the latter residence on Monday at the ripe old age of 86 years. The deoeaeed was of a very charitable disposition,and most of the institutions of the city have benefited by his generosity. Tho following were the scores made by tho members of C and D Companies Exbourne , 4th V.B.D.R., who comfe'ed for the Sir Massey Lope's Cup and money prizesSergt F Lewis 94, Lnce-Corpl W Ward 92, Cprpl W Letheren 89, Pte E Tucker 84, Corpl H J Ward 82, Major Biddell 81, Pte G Glanville 80. Pte J D Lewis 77, Corpl W 8 Lewis 76, Sergt Pearse 68, Coir-Sergt Weeki 68, Lnoe-Corpl Rick 84. Exmoor.-On Tuesday at St. James' Guilds'Schoolroom, Mr. H. Owen Scott gave his interesting and racy description of Rambles in the Lorna Doone Country. His remark were illustrated by a hundred beauti ful photographic slides, depicting the moft pioturesque objects on and around Exmoor, and tbe entertainment was moil enjoyable throughout. It is satisfactory to learn that the Funds of tho Parish Rooms will be increased a a result by several pounds. Serious Gas Explosion at Plxmouth. -A gas explosion occurred in a eecond-hand furniture shop occupied by Mr. Shobrook, at Russell-treet, Plymouth, bn Thursday, blowing out the shop front and the windows of the first floor. A large portion of theoeiling fell in and much damage was dono to the furniture. The only personal injury was to a lady, who was passing at tbe time and re ceived seme nasty cut from the flying glass Inquest in Exeter,-At York-place, Coomfeo - street, yestsrday, Mr. Corensr Hooper held an inquiry into the circum stances attending the death of William John Soanes, aged one year and eleven months, who died on Thursday morning.-William Soanes, a warehouseman, residing at No. 6, York -place, CoomSe-street,identified tbe body as that of his son. who had recently been •offering from measlas.-Mr . Marv Lee, who had nursed the ohild daring the measles, said it died on Thursday about 4 a.m.-Dr. Brash deposed that death was due to con gestion of the lungs after meatlet.-The jury returned a verdict of Death from natural causes. Exeter and Devon Poultry Society.-The last monthly meeting of the year waa held on Thursday evening at the Guildhall, under the presidency of the Chairman of Committee. The prize monej won locally was paid, andjprize and commendation cards distributed. The chairman read letters from the jadges at the recent shov. and stated that many communications had been received from the hon. secretaries expressing great satisfaction at the show arrangements, the accurate re turn of tbe exhibits, the prompt despatch of catalogues with the awards, and tne artiatie design and novel conception of the prize cards. Mr. H. Bazeley Strrorass and Mr. U Northway Exeter were appointed auditors. Several notices of alteration of tbe rules were handed in, and will be deolaed at the annual general meeting to be held at tbe Guildhall on January 3rd, Devon and Exeter Hospital.-Report for the week ending 6th December, 1894 -Discharged patients Cured 7, benefited 2, made out-patients 13, own request I, died 1. Number of In-pattenta after tbe admission last Thursday 167, admitted during the week 14-181 dis charged during the week 24, total in the house 157. At the weekly meeting of the committee, held this afternoon, the secretary reported tha receipt of the following -Pheasants from Mr. Charles D. Cave books, kc., from the Religious Tract Society, dolls and articles of clothing from Mr. Albert J. Hamlin. Chnrch collections-Sidbury £5 5s, Bidestowe £2 4s. New subscription-Key. J. Loveband Francis £1 Is. Retorn of income tax £88 9s. The donations for tbe building fund received up to tbe present amonnt to £3,713 10s, farther subscriptions being earnestly solicited. - - V ' MM. Wilson, wtfa of the Re . Charles Wilson, HA., formerly of Sherwill Chapel. Plymouth, ha died suddenly At Kxmonth Police Court on Wednesday-before General Rocks-Samuel Lear, tramp wa tent to prison for four days tor hawking without a license. Mr. W. G. Peter, of the Castle of Exeter, and well known in the fowl world, was awardtd a seoond prize at the Birmingham Show on Wednesday. Mr. A. Goulston, of Mont-le-Grand, Heavi tree, has been elected a warden of the Worshipful Company of Curriers if London, and Deputy Halso the other warden. A marriage has been arranged between Lieuteuant-Colonel Howard, Rifle Brigade, and Gertrude, second daughter of Mr Hugh Conyngbam Boyd, of Weodside, Torquay, Mr. Thomas Tnnstall, locomotive foreman at the Newton Railway Station for the past eighteen years, has resigned after forty-nine years' ssrvioe on the Great Western Railway. Mr. M. S. Cox, headmaster of the Moreton-hampstead Boys' School, was on Monday pre seated by the teachers and scholars with revolving electro-plated cruet as a wedding tilt. Mr. Jamee Tueker, of St. Thomas, was on Monday installed W.M. of Semper Fidelis Lodge No. 1.254 , of Free masons, at the Freemason's Hall, Gaudy-street, Exeter Rifles.-The second competition for the Morris tube prizes took place on Tuesday evening, the following being the best scores -Private Cooper 35, Lance-Corporal Browne 34, Sergeant Easton 33, Color-Sergeant Dyinond 31, Hon Member Baker 31, Private Westlake 28. At the Topsbam Barracks on Thursday a court-martial was held for the purpose of trying Driver Smith, of the 56 th Battery Royal Artillery, on a charge of desertion and losing by neglect his clothes. Major Spratt was the president, and Caplain and Adjutant Briggs 1st V.B.D.R and another officer of the Royal Horse Artillery were also present.-Sentence was passed, and will be made known in due course.-The sen tence in the case of Private Pring, of the Devon Regiment, who was tried hr court-martlAl a few days since for desert ing at Maker Fort, has been mane known. He is to be imprisoned for eighty-four days. Paignton Petty Sessions -At the Sessions Wednesday, before Admiral Dawkins, Mr N Baker, Captain Hodge, and Major Turner.-George Weare was fined 5s inclusive for allowing a horse to stiay at Marldon on November 21st.- John T. Hill, a young carpenter whose wages he said as improver, were 17s a week, was summoned by Emma Crispin to shew cause, kc. He admitted the paternity aud was ordered to pay 2s 6d per week till the child is 16. and £2 Is expenses and advocates fee.-On the charge of cruelty to a horse against John Bowden, on tbe application of Inspector Craigen, tbe case was adjoorned to Brixham Sessions next Wednes day. £5 0 0 To-Morrow's f At question. Sir Cameron said A Mr. Uran had remarked that after his t o' speaker's views upon compensation temper ance friend would have nothing to hope lor from such a candidate. He wondered what temperance friendi bad to hops for from Mr. Billson after his oonrusioa to wmpeiualion Applause. St. Thomas School Board -Mr ,T Stocker presided ever the meeting of the St. Thomas School Board on Thursday evening, those also present being the Revs C D Blakiston and C H William , Messrs H B Varwell, J Stokes, and J Bates.-Messrs Stocker and Stokes were appointed the Visiting Committee for the month.-The auditor's report showed there was no deti jit In tbe accounts.-Mr J Rates moved that the resolution passed in October that teachers' salaries be paid quarterly be rescinded, and that the salaries be paid monthly.-Mr. Stokes seconded, and tbe motion rvas carried unanimously.-Mr Bates then moved that a meeting of tb Board be held on the 25th of each month to draw cheques for that purpose, but this found no seconder.-Mr. Stokes moved, and Mr. Varwell seconded, that the cheques bs signed at the Board' oidinary meeting. This was carried. A Torquay Assault Case.-At Tor quay on Thursday, Frederick Morse, cab-driver, was summoned for assaultiug John Grist in Torwood-street, Torquay, last Satur day.-Mr S 8hca appeared for the com plainant, and Mr T B Eastley for the defen dant.-Mr Shea asked that all witnesses be ordered ont of Court. This was agreed tn, and the ex-Mayor rose, amid considerable langhtsr.to go out, saying that he believed he was a witness -Both sides, however, agreed that Mr Shrubb should remain.-The case for prosecution was to the effeot that on tte day in question at the Torwood-street cab-stand, complainant was talking to defendant's daughter, when Morse oalled out to her to come away from him as he was a scoundrel and ought to be in Exeter Gaol, Afterwards complainant protested against these remarks. A few words resulted Complainant remaiked, I never took corn out of another man's stable.' Then the defendant rushed at him in a fighting attitude and knocked him down. Mr. Shrubb cam along just then and endeavoured to make peace by suggesting that the men should shake hands. Com plainant, however, said he could not do this. -In cross-examination, complainant ad mitted that after the battle was over -laughter -lie did say as to the statement about taking corn that there was a man up behind who could prove it. John Vicary, a cabman, also gave evidence. He said it was generally stated that there had been illfeeling between the parties. Morse did not strike Grist till he hvl been accuse 1 ''of stealing corn.-At this point Mr. Eastley applied tha his client bea'lowedto withdraw bis nlea , ? not guilty aud substitute one of guilty and that h be allowed to address the Bench in mitigation. Thiscouisewas agretd to, and after hearing acf address from Mr. Eastley ths Bench fined defendant £1 inclu sive thecosts amounting to 17s ox fourteen days. Defends 1 paid tot f us. Exeter School Board.-The monthly meeting of tbe Exeter School Board was held en Thursday at tbe offices, Mr. T. Andrew presiding. There were also ireseut the Rev VV W Howard, Messrs R R M law, W H Dunn, W G Seager, J A Loram, and A J Mackey.-Mr. Howard reported that as instructed he bad had a conference with Mr F J Harvey, of St. Leonard's-road, in regard to hi proposal to give courses of lessens to teaobers and pupils on Swedish drill,physical exercise , c under the new code.-Mr Harvey was w'lling to instruct the teachers for £18 the year, and the scholars for £11 5s the first term, instruction being given once a week, and £5 each for the other two terms instruction once a fortnight.-It was decided to adopt the principle of a permanent teacher, and to refer the matter to the School Manage ment Committee with power to appoint. The Borwick-Greene Recitil.-There wrs a crowded audience at tho Rougemont Assembly Rooms on Wednesday at the piano and you il recital given by Mr. Leonard BorwicK and Mr. Blanket Greene, and the performances of the two gifted artists were received with the warmest demonstrations of approval. Mr. Borwick proved himself to be a pianist of great executive ability and piwer, and these qualities found no better expression than in Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody, for whioh he was recalled twice to the platform. He was also very snccessfal in a caprice by Saint-Saens on ballet airs from Alceste deG'nolr, in whioh he produced a remarkable singing tone in tho themes. Mr. Blanket Greene highly pleased hie audience with bis vocal contributions to a most enjoyable concert. Tho pianos-splendid instruments - were by Messrs. Steinway. Wellington Christmas Cattle Market. -Fine weather favoured the large numbers of buyers, farmers and others who attended the Wellington market on Thursday, The supply both ot oeasts and sheep w. except ionally large and the quality was universally acknowledged to be excellent.-Best quality bee made from 10s 6d to 13s a score, and tbe prices realised for sheep was not above the average. Tbe prizs list was as follows -Best fat ox or steer, silver oup value £5, given by Mr E U Sanford-Mr J Kidnor. Fat ox or steer, silver cup value £3 3s given by Sir Alex Acland Hood, M.B., -Mr H Ewens. Fat heifer, silver cup value £3-1. Mr H Amery 2, Mr H Ewens. Best pen of five short wool fat wethers, prize of £2 2s-Mr H Ewens second prize one gainea. Mr H Ewens. The annual dinner was held at the King's Arms Hotel, and Sir Alex Acland Hood, M.P., presided and dis tributed the prizes Dawlish Local Board.-Tbe last meeting of tills Board was held on Thursday under the presidency of Mr. H. L. Friend in tho chair. There were also present Messrs J Manning, J BAvanc, J Horsham, J H G Lamacraft, W C Tapper, E H Bayldon, E A Baradne, J Shapter. -The Medical Officer of Health Dr. Harvey reported that there was no notification of disease during tbe month and that the health of the town was very sathfactory.-Mr Charles Edmunds, baker, wrote calling atten tion to tho drains at the back of his premises in Stonkton-road. Owing to the recont flood he had bad a continual flow of water right through his yard, passages, house, and shop, and he had been compelled to dip it out in bucketfuls. The floods had spoilt 39s worth in canvas, mats, and carpets, for which he should ask the Boaid to pay compensation. This was the third winter he had sustained a aicilarlosS.-Mr.Lamacraft said the drain was not large enough to carry away the surface water.-The Clerk said the Sanitary Authority was not lianle.-It was decided not to allow the claim, and, on the motion of Mr. Tapper, it was resolved that the Surveyor should see into the drain and report on the matter. -The Clerk said this was the last meeting of the Board, which had been in existence since 1860. He had been olerk to the body for ths lost twenty years, and daring that time he had always done all in his power for the Board, and he would in the future try to do his duty for the District Council.-The Chairman said all the members would join with him in expressing their thanks to tbe Clerk for the able manner in wblob he had discharged hi duties.-Mr. Avant spoke in a similar strain, and Mr. Wbidborne returned thanks and said he was exceeding obliged for the compliment.-Mr. A. Curtis, of Biermont-place, claimed 13s 6d for damage sustained through the recent flood', but it was not entertalneJ. Coal Merchants, T. B Puros'.l and Sons, High-street. To enjoy your Dinners, get your Join , kc., frem HUTCHINGS and SON, who supply ouly tbe Best Devcm Ox Beef aud Wether Mutton pro curable. The Best is Cheapest. Telephone No SO.-Adct. NEWARRIVAL -Apricot Jam Is, per 2lb glass at Eraser's, Loudon Inn Square, Exeter. Clear Your Houses, kc., Stone's Murici-dine is the most Powerful Poison for destroying Mice, Rats, and other vermin. 31 0J. aud l. . Buckets of Chemists. Pro prietors Stone and Son. Exeter. - Adot. ■ t . -. ML W K. MooaB'g Hair-cutting Rooms are open from 9 a.in. to 7 p.m and on Saturdays from 9 to 6 o'clock Reliable assistants and every attention pal'. t customers. 30, High-stxast • -Adot. £125 Will be paid to the Legal Personal Representa tive of any person KILLED BY AN ACCIDENT OCCURRING TO THE RAILWAY TRAIN by which he or she may be travelling is an ordinary passenger within the limits of the Uaited Kingdom or Will be paid to any such pas-W senger losing two limbs or two eyes, or a limb and an eye, as the direct result of such accident or Will be paid to any such.pas senger losing one limb or one eye a the direct result of such accident. On the following conditions -1 That at the time of the accident the pas senger iu question had upon bis or her person a copy of the current iseue of Treu'Man's Exeter Flying Post. See footnote .' 2 That prior to the aecident tbe person in question had affixed his or her nsusl signature, written in ink or pencil, in the place provided. Sen footnote . 31 That notice of the accident be given to the Corporation guaranteeing this certificate within seven days of its occurrence. t That death or injury as aforesaid result within three months of tbe date of such accident. 5 This Insurance is limited to the payment of ou of the above sums to any one person, and n person can claim in respect of more than one certificate. 6 The Insurance under this Certificate extends from tbe morning of the date of this paper to the Friday midnight following. Tho due fulfilment of the above Certificate is undertaken by THE GENERAL ACCIDENT ASSURANCE CORPORATION, LIMITED. An Annual subscriber in advance to Trtvman'i Exeter Etying Pott is Nor required to comply with Clauses 1 and 2 as to signing or carrying this Certificate, provided bis subscrip tion ha been paid and hi name has been regis tered at the publishing office of this paper-Exeter-and provided the subscription has not expired at the time of the accident. Ser.ic°i T DIUL ' - 10 30 - Mornin Service Boyce in c. Kyriu and Credo The dLu l8 ' r,it . aC6 preacher S.rm.n a .3' AfWrn 0 '' Service arc pllnn Bth ?-Attwood in C. 84 it ?? H , Wfal ' me -Spohr. Hymr 7 1. . 1 r 6endary Be.vton L'7!£5ay? , -Hymns, 88, 113,131 preacher Kov. W 1 Martlew. 6.30, Evening Ser i '-m.m. m r,-A,. , Baptist Chapel Bartholon. w-s eetl °. r in p S 8 V . Pray r Mee K 10. School 10.45, Preaching Service pr, che Rev R. Francis newly elected Past r wter-noon, 2 30, School. 2.45. Men , I b •! , conducted by the Pastor. 6 30, rca 'iin, Service preacher, Rev. K. Frauci, n wl elected Paetor . v Baptist Chapel South-street .-Chan. .Anniversary, 10.45. Morning Service preacher, Rev. D. P. McPherson B D subject, Christian Harvest Home. 6 3 Evening Service preacher. Hev D ' i McPherson, B.D., subject, The P-eacht ana the Chancellor. ht Bible Christian Chapel Northernha-in r st t '7. Mo - rmng ' J' 30 ' Prayer Meeting 10 45, Service. Evening, 5 45 Pr... Meeting 6.30. Service. 8 ' •' It. Signature of Holder-The annual subwiption to TreVanarin Exrter Flying Post is 2s 2d or by post direct frofti the publishing ojjice, Exeter, 4 4d- Jf payment is made through a neiesaoent, his receipt must be forwarded to the publishim office for registration of the subscribers name ami address. -.il _ I'gC l'tiOMAS MAB7IN £ rOOK AND j HAKB jgROKH 16, BEDFORD CIBCDg, IXHH CLOAKST LOmON PtlOSS. Saeeial Dealiss ia Week ef Batlaad levestesea COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. 12.0 ■early al Markets opened steady, and departments mark a recovery. Goschen's Consols remain unaltered for onev and account. Home Railways quiet but tbe tone is firm. Berthas, Doras, and Berwicks bar each gained £ Brums, however, are i lower. The Foreign market is neglected and changes unimportant. Italians dull and have receeded 3-16. Argentine issues good. Funding Loan has risen , Grand Tranks good in sympathy with Yankees. First Preference aud Guaranteed have advarcid 1, Seconds , Thirds J, and Ordinary Stock . Mexican and Nitrate Railways lifeless and quotations remain unchanged. American Railways good and prices have advanced in consequence of better advice from New York. New York Centrals mark a gain of 1£ Denver Preferences and Milwaukces r. Canadas and Union Pacifies i, Ontario! J, Central Pacifice, Illinois, Centrals, Lomsvilles, Missouri!, Norfolks, and Atchison Shares 1. Mining Shares are fairly steady. Chartered British 3d better at 42 61 Goldfields un changed at 3txd. STOCK A WO Sff AEE LC3 f Desoript'o of Btk Consol , Account tn6ia3paStUt44 Brighton A South But Df ... Metropolitan Cou Do DUtriotOr Chatham Or Oaledeaia Dt... llenfcSheffield A Great Eastern Or North British Ff Do 4 Df North Eastern Or Oraat Western Or Midland Or LAN Wast Or LAB WPf Or... De Df Or Hell k Barnsley Argntine6 pu ' # Do 6 p Faad Egypt UaDtt p 3r kl88t.... Morin so 8 ps Portugu■ sent pnitres. Ships pass tbros ,k the 8' Cnrxl • ! the electric light in eight minutes uuo ■ hour . Without the light 31 hoc-a -minutes is the time usually required. London. Dr. Moore, in his work on Nose and i hroat Diseases, says The Glvceriue Jujubes prepared by James Epp and Co. arc ot undoubted service as a curative or pallative gent, while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat und Ear in firmary, writes After an extended trial, 1 have found your Glycerine Jujubes of consider able beuefit iu almost all form of throat disease' The Durham miners have ngreed to th rules proposed for a Conciliatieu Boaid in Durham. Mr. Balfour has definitely decided not to accept the invitation of the Swansea Conser vatives to visit tbe town and speak next -•nth. HiOH-CLASS High-class High-class High-class High-class MoClWATTi Maxawattss Mazawattss Mazawaitss Mazawattss Co rev Cor.-VK Corytn Coe ft -Cor A . 1,4, 1,6, 1,8 and 8 - per 16 O f c ' ' Considerable progress has the great wheel which is to be the feature of the Empire Court next year. Quite half the th circle kas been already tued. Xmas. Hamper ! Xmas. Ham nrs! DJUifflOUfi MAZAWAXTRE r Ab EJCUCIOUS M AZ A WATl'BE In g.lh A ut Bampari.aUPr' f Ot LkaULhO Gbqcbm Evebina-THE -A • The first wish the Lo held tbrouj Foil held in the will take W first meetij on thv 27tbj meeting is Sixty-one in, and ' e Major forty-one witbdrawin follows' land agent, p Baker, merchant, packer, tnl merchant, 5J 49 K J h.-l gcntlft mar v J YV T Snoerdd 42 C S demanded. The Rev following James Brel builder G yeoaoaE Hawking-farmer i I dairyman Maunder, R Martin,id X i .-rsNEsrl T rl ' W03LI ch • t '- !e Pro ! '•el cat H Jvxpu ' ' f l Ca j I ■'.rthoul ■ -, r l A 
[OCR_aligned] Die. E-Elizabeth Norths®, St Sidweil, 4 4-Margaret Wotton, St Marita, 64 6-Edilft Spiosr, St Matthew, 4 month@ Percy Underdown, ft James, 21 month@ 6- •William Robert , 8t James, 59 7- Emily Vienicombe, 8t Sidwell. 3 8- Samuel Markt, Holy Trinity, 79 William Marwood, St David, 33 Bamnel Bryant, St Paul, 65 Violet L Ka hmer, St Leonard. 1 month 6 -fxktkr flying roar, Saturday, December wh. Ca eluded from, the flying Post of Deo. 1. We lose the joy@ of nature knd the ble@wed old-time lays. We cannot voice their music In the present battling days@ We mis@ the holy commune 'Twixt the heart aud @ife within The hallowed voice of o- nscience-I@ it silenced by the din ? The race of life is ardent. And torrid to its beat No flower of beauty lingers About those crowding feet. The weak hearts sink by thousands Beneath the surging throng, For in the world of conflict The victor@ are the strong. What if the dress of power Brings the novel crown of pain Wnat if the place of vantage Hath a cross to weight the gain ? What if the golden image Cannot render what we ask-How fruitless all the effort, And how bitter all the task. In striving for the magnet We lose the grester prise Of peace, and trua contentment. Wherein real greatness liss. Wherein, then, shall wo labour, But in trust, and to be free, With faith and hope to succour, And the Lord our destiny. William Tumid. Heavitree, December 6th, 1894-. MORNING SUMMARY. King Christian of Demark is ill. A Council will be held at Windsor on Wednesday. Fifteen aaarebists war@ arrested in Pari@ •n Thursday. Mrs. H. Beerbohm Tree gave birth to a daughter yesterday@ Thirteen Turkish officers have been appointed to various regiments in the Praseian irmy. A Putney gentlcmur', wife has eloped with 'i lodger, taking her •Ujht children and all @he furniture. A daughter of Jabez Balfour, the wife of a well-known medical man at Croydon, hae jnet given birth to a son. Mr. C. Downes, of Worleston. met with a serious accident whilst hunting wiih t@b Bouth Cheshire bounds yesterday. M. Ferdinand de Lesseps, of Suez Can fame, died last evening at his chateau of La Chennaic, near Vatan. A Dutchman, who shot himself to avoid arrest a d recovered from his injuries, has banged himself in prison at Monte Carlo. Sebastopol and Simferopol have just been connected by telephone, which has been attached to the telegraph poles on tha rail@ way. The Sheriff of Ayr has dismissed the petition of Mr. William John Fulton, who claimed the Earldom and estates of Eglinton. A mourning coach, two valuable borses, and a dozen sets of harness bare been stolen from an undertaking firm's premises in Hackney. M. Camille Dreyfus, an ex-deputy, manag@ ing Editor of the E'uiion, was arrested last evening in connection with the Paris black@ mailing scandals. The Japanese ate reported to have msde themselves quite at home at Port Arthur, and to be on rrier.Uly terms with the Chinese there. John Kenning, charged with stealing a seal cloak, value £800, the property of the Countess of Warwick, was yesterday seu-@t moed to two months' hard labour. The Ranchers of tha Inner Tempi© have de@ cided to print tbe MS. records of their Society, datiog from 1,506, the twenty-@second year of the reign of Henry VII., to the present time. At Ulster Assizes yesterday two game@ keepers, named Deane and Lees, were sentenced to twelve and six months'@imprison@ ment respectively for baring wounded two poachers Mr. Stoddart's team yesterday began a match at Brisbane against Queensland. The Englishmen were at the wicket all day, aHd scored 364 for four wickets. Mr. Stoddart con@ tributing 149 and Ward 117. A deaf old lidy of 70 was knocked dowB by a train near Carmarthen, the engine aud three carriages passing over her as she lay between the lines, but with the exception of a scalp wound she was unhurt. Lord Londonderry, speaking in Marylebone last night, said the attack on the House of Lords was meant to divert attention from Home Rule, and repay the Nationalists by whose help the Government obtained office. The agitation was falling flat. At Chatham Dockyard at pay time yester@ day afternoon, a fitter, named James Winning forgot his ticket and ran back to fetch it, when by some means he fell from the top gallery of tlie fitting shop, His head struck a drilling machine with great violence, his skn'l was fractured, and death was instan@ taneous. At the North London Sessions yesteiday, Banfield Lamb, who, it was stated, belonging to an old Devonshire family, and five years ago succeeded to a fortune of £34,000, which had been squandered, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labenr on a charge of stealing a watch and card case at Souths@ . Will you rote tor me at the election? asked a Swansea School Board candidate of a gentleman of his acquaintance. No I shan't be here, was the reply, But- I'll tell you what I'll do-I'll lend you a trap@ Will you@? cried the candidate enthusi@ astically@ Well that will carry more weight. - Cardiff Express At Leeds Assizes yesterday Mary Hopple-@etone, 39, was charged with the manslaughter of her daughter, aged 12, at Sheffield, and was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment with hard laoour. The girl had been out plaving, aud staying too long, the prisoner lost her temper, and threw a poker at the child. The poker entered tbe neck and the injury proved fatal, Mr. Asqaltb, addressing a meeting under the auspices of the J ondon Reform Union last night, said Lcrd Salisbury's sudden and enamoured advocacy of dividing up London into municipalit@@y s might be at'r buted not to his love of municipalities so much as his haired of lit County Counoil. With regard to the City, be denied that they would be guilty of senfiseation. TORQUAY. Furatsh year hemes @t the Bxehaiu A M rt Torquay. All goods oarriage free, newer seooad hand, to suit all pockets.-diet. Holloway's Coca Wine-The very thing@for invalids @M lowav's Coca Wine-A scientific product irom Holloway's Coca Wine-Cooa Bolivia A Best Wine. Hollowsy'@aCoca@Wine- Magic lestorer of nerve power. So@@w av s Coca Wine-For young and old and delicate Ladies. H S.r.vway s Coca Wiuo-None other s Newman, and Wine Merchants, like it -Ld., and Milton, Chemiet, Exeter. Wilson, Ex-@mouth, Ac. @RJLUway'@eCoca Wine-Takes precedence of all iu iiar preparation . DISTRICT NEW8. Mr. E. W. H@ U died at his ro denoo, Coker@Court, Yeovil, on Monday, Miss Troyte, Huntsham Qdtjrt, has presented an altar frontal to Hampton parish ohuroh. ' ■ , Lientenant E. C. Wren, 1st Deronshirs Regiment, has besn seleoted for duty at the Dep6t, Exeter, . The Rev. Canon Kyre, of TivcrtoD, ha@ dooided not to accept the living of Alton, Birmingham. The Rev. A. H. Reid, late of Torquay, has become successor to the Rev. W. Fergusson, of Ellen Free Chnrch. Mr. James Lewis Wolferstan, of Blundell's School, Tiverton, has been awarded an exhibi@ tion in mathematics at Worcester College. Hon. R. and Mre. Butler and Miss Butler, of Nidd Hall, Yorkshire, are staying at Braddon Court, Torquay, for a few weeks. Mr. Charles Sootier, the general manager of the London and South Western Railway has undergone a successful operation for cataract. Ilfracombe Town Council on Monday decided to apply for power to borrow £4,202 19s 4d for extending the water mains, jcc. Mr. J. C, New, chairrat.n of the Tiverton Guardians, ie to be entertained at a compli@ mentary dinner by tbe members of the Board on the 17th Inst. Exbtrr Pi3p .nsart - Saturday.-Re maining on the books last week, 596 admitted this week, 113-709 discharged cured, 44 benefited. 62 no return, 4-110 Remain 599. The Rev. W. H. Smith, of Newton Abbot, ha3 been presented with £10, subscribed by the Bible Christians of the Barnstaple Circuit as a recognition of his services during bis stay amongst them. Mr. William Bolitho, manager of the Con@ solidated Bank of Cornwall, and cousin of Mr. T. B. Bolitoo, M.P.. was found dead in bsd at his residence, Ponsandane, near Penzance, on Sunday morning. The Earl of Rosebery has consented to receive an address frem tbe Radicals of Salisbury and South Wiltshire, at Salisbury on the 10th inst., when he will pass through that city en route for Devonport. Mr. J Passmore Edwards has promised the Shoreditch Library Commissioners a con@ tribution £1.000 towards tbe erection of their second library in Pitfield-street as soon as they are ready to have the fo@ntdatisn stone laid. This offer will bring up Mr. Edward's donation to the Shoredith Library to ££5,250 and 1,000 books, A marriage has been arranged between Cecil Roy Blunders of Downs House, Hants, son of tbe late Andrew Sanuders, B.A. Oxon, of Downs House, and Ada Maud, youngest daughter of the late Rev. William Twyae M.A. Cantab, for 28 yeare rector of Rayleigh, @Eeeex, and also vicar of Whiteparlsh, Wilts. Uoncirt.-The concert at the Working Men'@ Society's Room, Milk-street, on Monday evening, was on behalf of the fund for provid@ ing a free tea to the aged poor. An excellent irogramme was contributed to by Messrs, i Rae, A and H Pitt, R Candy, W and J White, S G Chase, Guest, Thorn, W Willsy-@Welsman, Punchard, and t@b Grecian Hand@ bell Ringer . Before t@b Davenport magistrates on Wednesday, John Sweet, residing at Baker's-@place, Richmond Walk, was summoned by hi@ wife, Elizabeth, for assaulting her -There was a cross-summons against the wife for a similar offence.-Mr. Bickle Bond, Pearce and Bickle appeared for the husband, and asked for an adjournment. Terms had been offered, and an agreement was to be drawn up legally.-The case was adjourned for a week. Before tbe Mayor Mr J B James , Dr@ G A Rue, Messr@ J W Piyder, R B Welch, W Pe k, G T Rolston, G Thorne, and H Williams, at the Devonport Police Court on Wednesday Frederick Cole, grocer, Gsorge-street, was summoned at the instance of the inspector under the Food and Drugs Act Mr@ G T Geaton - for selling adulterated coffee in November last.-Mr@ J P Goldsmith prosecuted.-Defendant admitted tbe offence, and said his wife,who was not in the business, nnfortuuatsly sold it without the protecting label. He bad no desiie to evade the law. -The Mayor said the Magictrates were of opinion that it was not inadvertently, and inflicted a fine of 5s and oosts. At the Higher Barrack?, Exeter, on Monday ing a court-martial was held for the purpose of trying Private George Pring, of the Depot Devon Regiment, for desertion, and losing by negleet, his clothing, 4co. The president was Major Spratt, tbe other officers present being Captain Johnstone Royal Artillery and Lieutenant@Radcliffe Depot Devon Regiment . It appears that the prisoner deserted his regiment at Maker Fort, Plymouth, in April, 1893, and surrendered at Exeter on November 21st last. The sentence passed at that day's hoaring will have to be sent to the Comman@ dant for confirmation, and will be made known in due course. At a meeting of the Bnrge@ue@ of the Strand Ward held nt the British Schools, Torquay, on Monday, under th# presidency of Aider-@man Bovey, it was deoided to support the candidature of Miss Webb, of Meadfoot-@villa@.was one of the two guardians for the ward. It wag proposed to accept the candidature of Councillor Wills as the other guardian. Another proposition was made in favour of Mr. Pridham - It was eventually decided to leave these two@genllemen to settle the matter between themselves, it being stated that Mr. Wills' nomination paper bad been lent in. Gymnastic Display -Members of the Exoter Y'.M.C.A. gave their third annual gymnastic display at the B rnfield Hall on Monday evening. The Right Worshipful the Mayor Alderman A. Steele-Perkins , who was accompanied by Miss Perkins, presided over a large attendance, and after referring to the great advantages of gymnastic exercises, said praise was due to their honorary teacher, who for two years had devoted eo muoh time to their training with no hope of reward beyond the satisfaction of doing good servico to his fellow creatures. It was not always presetting about other@ that did @o muoh good a@ the silent influence of duty manfully and thoroughly perform d. The gymnast , before going through their drill, pre ented a bouquet to the Mayoress. Conservative Dinner at Bidrford. @Bideford Conaervative Association held its annual dinner at@th# Music Hall on Wednesday Major Kirkwood Chairman of the Associa@ tion, presiding over a company of about 350 persons. Aftsr the usual loyal and patriotic toast. Mr. W. A. Roberts proposed Bideford Working Men's Asiociation, which was acknowledged by Major Kirkwood, and Sir Cameron Gull Unionist candidate for the division in responding to the toast of the Unionist cause submitted by Mr. C. Garvtce, said he thoaght they might con@ gratulate themselves upon the fact that in all parts of the division the Unionist party was in excelleat heart they had an excellent example a few day@ ago at Barnstaple, aud they bad another excellent example that night in that enthuelastio gathering. They had only ene wieb, and that was to fight their battle and the sooner they got the opportunity the better they would be pleased. Applause. They had leaders whom they could trust, and who cosld lead and they had a policy that re@ quired no gentle handing to commend it to the people of this country, a policy aiming at tbe health aud home happiness of the people, and at tbe peace and prosperity of tbe country. Their opponents had programmes without end, and perhaps th@ leading mark of their polioy was the attempt to stir np class against class. They had leaders whom they followed, but who could not agree amongst themselves. Ho had been accused of saying at Watermonth that the Unionist pxrty would repeal the Budget he had never said anything of th@ sort What did ha say, and what he laid now, was that It was most unwise in the present state of depression to place mere burdens upon the land. With regard to Mr@ Billson'@ primming on the compensation The Hoi , Oeotl aud Mi . KnatobbaU Hugessen have arrived at the Imperial Hotel@ Torquay, for th@ winter. Dr. Hawkin, senior member of the Royal College of Surgeons, died at Lowell, Dorset@ shire, this morning in bis 99th year. The Oxford University Silver Cup for the best marksman in the company has been awarded to Mr. A. S. Scott, eon of the Bev, W. Scott, of Exeter. Mr. H. A. Willey has presented to the trustees of the Bible Christian Chapel, Exeter, two handsome overhanging lamps for the doors of the Chapel. Mr. F. G. S. Taylor, eon of Councillor T@ Taylor, of Torquay, was on Moaday married to Miss Alice M. Johnson, daughter of Mr. S. Johnson, borough treasurer. At a fortnightly meeting ot the Loyal Fidelity Lodge, Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, at Barnstaple on Monday evening, Mr. A. Billson, M.P., was initiated an bon. member of tho Lodge. The@Duke of Bedford, !n a letter to Mr. G. W. Holder, the promoter of a concert held in Peterborough last night on behalf of the Royal Agricultural Benevolent Institution, •ent a cheque for one hundred pounds towards its funds On Monday at the Working Men's Society's Rooms Mr. Bishenden will give his complete lecture on Voice and Singing, including a short concert with songs and solos by bis @upils, the Misses Cruttwell, Ga@mham, Vreford, and Mrs. Bishenden, Messrs. Chandler, Hitt, Ballan, and C. J. Bishenden. These singers will Include four octaves of notes between them Death of Mb. J.G. Gf.arb.-We regret to have to announce the death of Mr. John Gullett Geare, formerly ef Paragon House, South-street, and afterwards of No. 1, Fair Park which event took place at the latter residence on Monday at the ripe old age of 86 years. The deoeaeed was of a very charitable disposition,@and most of the institutions of the city have benefited by his generosity. Tho following were the scores made by tho members of C and D Companies Exbourne , 4th V.B.D.R., who comfe'ed for the Sir Massey Lope's Cup and money prizes@@Sergt F Lewis 94, Lnce-Corpl W Ward 92, Cprpl W Letheren 89, Pte E Tucker 84, Corpl H J Ward 82, Major Biddell 81, Pte G Glanville 80. Pte J D Lewis 77, Corpl W 8 Lewis 76, Sergt Pearse 68, Coir-Sergt Weeki 68, Lnoe-@Corpl Rick 84. Exmoor.-On Tuesday at St. James' Guilds'@Schoolroom, Mr. H. Owen Scott gave his interesting and racy description of Rambles in the Lorna Doone Country. His remark were illustrated by a hundred beauti@ ful photographic slides, depicting the moft pioturesque objects on and around Exmoor, and tbe entertainment was moil enjoyable throughout. It is satisfactory to learn that the Funds of tho Parish Rooms will be increased a@ a result by several pounds. Serious Gas Explosion at Plxmouth. -A gas explosion occurred in a eecond-hand furniture shop occupied by Mr. Shobrook, at Russell-@treet, Plymouth, bn Thursday, blowing out the shop front and the windows of the first floor. A large portion of the@oeiling fell in and much damage was dono to the furniture. The only personal injury was to a lady, who was passing at tbe time and re@ ceived seme nasty cut@ from the flying glass@ Inquest in Exeter,-At York-place, Coomfeo - street, yestsrday, Mr. Corensr Hooper held an inquiry into the circum@ stances attending the death of William John Soanes, aged one year and eleven months, who died on Thursday morning.-William Soanes, a warehouseman, residing at No. 6, York -place, CoomSe-street,@identified tbe body as that of his son. who had recently been •offering from measlas.-Mr . Marv Lee, who had nursed the ohild daring the measles, said it died on Thursday about 4 a.m.-Dr. Brash deposed that death was due to con@ gestion of the lungs after meatlet.-The jury returned a verdict of Death from natural causes. Exeter and Devon Poultry Society.-The last monthly meeting of the year waa held on Thursday evening at the Guildhall, under the presidency of the Chairman of Committee. The prize monej won locally was paid, andjprize and commendation cards distributed. The chairman read letters from the jadges at the recent shov. and stated that many communications had been received from the hon. secretaries expressing great satisfaction at the show arrangements, the accurate re turn of tbe exhibits, the prompt despatch of catalogues with the awards, and tne artiatie design and novel conception of the prize cards. Mr. H. Bazeley Strrorass and Mr. U Northway Exeter were appointed auditors. Several notices of alteration of tbe rules were handed in, and will be deolaed at the annual general meeting to be held at tbe Guildhall on January 3rd, Devon and Exeter Hospital.-Report for the week ending 6th December, 1894 -Discharged patients Cured 7, benefited 2, made out-patients 13, own request I, died 1. Number of In-pattenta after tbe admission last Thursday 167, admitted during the week 14-181 dis@ charged during the week 24, total in the house 157. At the weekly meeting of the committee, held this afternoon, the secretary reported tha receipt of the following -Pheasants from Mr. Charles D. Cave books, kc., from the Religious Tract Society, dolls and articles of clothing from Mr. Albert J. Hamlin. Chnrch collections-Sidbury £5 5s, Bidestowe £2 4s. New subscription-Key. J. Loveband Francis £1 Is. Retorn of income tax £88 9s. The donations for tbe building fund received up to tbe present amonnt to £3,713 10s, farther subscriptions being earnestly solicited. - - V ' MM. Wilson, wtfa of the Re . Charles Wilson, @@HA., formerly of Sherwill Chapel. Plymouth, ha@ died suddenly@ At Kxmonth Police Court on Wednesday-before General Rocks-Samuel Lear, tramp@ wa@ tent to prison for four days tor hawking without a license. Mr. W. G. Peter, of the Castle of Exeter, and well known in the fowl world, was awardtd a seoond prize at the Birmingham Show on Wednesday. Mr. A. Goulston, of Mont-le-Grand, Heavi@ tree, has been elected a warden of the Worshipful Company of Curriers if London, and Deputy Halso the other warden. A marriage has been arranged between Lieuteuant-Colonel Howard, Rifle Brigade, and Gertrude, second daughter of Mr@ Hugh Conyngbam Boyd, of Weodside, Torquay, Mr. Thomas Tnnstall, locomotive foreman at the Newton Railway Station for the past eighteen years, has resigned after forty-nine years' ssrvioe on the Great Western Railway. Mr. M. S. Cox, headmaster of the Moreton-@hampstead Boys' School, was on Monday pre@ seated by the teachers and scholars with@@ revolving electro-plated cruet as a wedding tilt. Mr. Jamee Tueker, of St. Thomas, was on Monday installed W.M. of Semper Fidelis Lodge No. 1.254 , of Free@ masons, at the Freemason's Hall, Gaudy-@street, Exeter Rifles.-The second competition for the Morris tube prizes took place on Tuesday evening, the following being the best scores -Private Cooper 35, Lance-@Corporal Browne 34, Sergeant Easton 33, Color-Sergeant Dyinond 31, Hon Member Baker 31, Private Westlake 28. At the Topsbam Barracks on Thursday a court-martial was held for the purpose of trying Driver Smith, of the 56 th Battery Royal Artillery, on a charge of desertion and losing by neglect his clothes. Major Spratt was the president, and Caplain and Adjutant Briggs 1st V.B.D.R and another officer of the Royal Horse Artillery were also present.-Sentence was passed, and will be made known in due course.-The sen@ tence in the case of Private Pring, of the Devon Regiment, who was tried hr court-martlAl a few days since for desert@ ing at Maker Fort, has been mane known. He is to be imprisoned for eighty-four days. Paignton Petty Sessions -At the Sessions Wednesday, before Admiral Dawkins, Mr N Baker, Captain Hodge, and Major Turner.-George Weare was fined 5s inclusive for allowing a horse to stiay at Marldon on November 21st.- John T. Hill, a young carpenter whose wages he said as improver, were 17s a week, was summoned by Emma Crispin to shew cause, kc. He admitted the paternity aud was ordered to pay 2s 6d per week till the child is 16. and £2 Is expenses and advocates fee.-On the charge of cruelty to a horse against John Bowden, on tbe application of Inspector Craigen, tbe case was adjoorned to Brixham Sessions next Wednes@ day. £5 0 0 To-Morrow's f At question. @@Sir Cameron said A Mr. Uran had remarked that after his t o' speaker's views upon compensation temper@ ance friend@ would have nothing to hope lor from such a candidate. He wondered what temperance friendi bad to hops for from Mr. Billson after his oon@rusioa to wmpeiualion Applause. St. Thomas School Board -Mr ,T Stocker presided ever the meeting of the St. Thomas School Board on Thursday evening, those also present being the Revs C D Blakiston and C H William , Messrs H B Varwell, J Stokes, and J Bates.-Messrs Stocker and Stokes were appointed the Visiting Committee for the month.-The auditor's report showed there was no deti jit In tbe accounts.-Mr J Rates moved that the resolution passed in October that teachers' salaries be paid quarterly be rescinded, and that the salaries be paid monthly.-Mr. Stokes seconded, and tbe motion rvas carried unanimously.-Mr Bates then moved that a meeting of t@b Board be held on the 25th of each month to draw cheques for that purpose, but this found no seconder.-Mr. Stokes moved, and Mr. Varwell seconded, that the cheques bs signed at the Board'@ oidinary meeting. This was carried. A Torquay Assault Case.-At Tor@ quay on Thursday, Frederick Morse, cab-@driver, was summoned for assaultiug John Grist in Torwood-street, Torquay, last Satur@ day.-Mr S 8hca appeared for the com@ plainant, and Mr T B Eastley for the defen@ dant.-Mr Shea asked that all witnesses be ordered ont of Court. This was agreed tn, and the ex-Mayor rose, amid considerable langhtsr@.to go out, saying that he believed he was a witness -Both sides, however, agreed that Mr Shrubb should remain.-The case for prosecution was to the effeot that on tte day in question at the Torwood-street cab-stand, complainant was talking to defendant's daughter, when Morse oalled out to her to come away from him as he was a scoundrel and ought to be in Exeter Gaol, Afterwards complainant protested against these remarks. A few words resulted Complainant remaiked, I never took corn out of another man's stable.' Then the defendant rushed at him in a fighting attitude and knocked him down. Mr. Shrubb cam@ along just then and endeavoured to make peace by suggesting that the men should shake hands. Com@ plainant, however, said he could not do this. -In cross-examination, complainant ad@ mitted that after the battle was over -@laughter -lie did say as to the statement about taking corn that there was a man up behind who could prove it. John Vicary, a cabman, also gave evidence. He said it was generally stated that there had been illfeeling between the parties. Morse did not strike Grist till he hvl been accuse 1 ''of stealing corn.-At this point Mr. Eastley applied tha@ his client be@a'lowed@to withdraw bis nlea , ? not guilty aud substitute one of guilty and that h@ be allowed to address the Bench in mitigation. This@couise@was agretd to, and after hearing acf address from Mr. Eastley ths Bench fined defendant £1 inclu@ sive the@costs amounting to 17s ox fourteen days. Defends 1 paid tot f us. Exeter School Board.-The monthly meeting of tbe Exeter School Board was held en Thursday at tbe offices, Mr. T. Andrew presiding. There were also ireseut the Rev VV W Howard, Messrs R R M law, W H Dunn, W G Seager, J A Loram, and A J Mackey.-Mr. Howard reported that as instructed he bad had a conference with Mr F J Harvey, of St. Leonard's-road, in regard to hi@ proposal to give courses of lessens to teaobers and pupils on Swedish drill,@physical exercise , c@@ under the new code.-Mr Harvey was w'lling to instruct the teachers for £18 the year, and the scholars for £11 5s the first term, instruction being given once a week, and £5 each for the other two terms instruction once a fortnight.-It was decided to adopt the principle of a permanent teacher, and to refer the matter to the School Manage@ ment Committee with power to appoint. The Borwick-Greene Recitil.-There wrs a crowded audience at tho Rougemont Assembly Rooms on Wednesday at the piano and you il recital given by Mr. Leonard BorwicK and Mr. Blanket Greene, and the performances of the two gifted artists were received with the warmest demonstrations of approval. Mr. Borwick proved himself to be a pianist of great executive ability and piwer, and these qualities found no better expression than in Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody, for whioh he was recalled twice to the platform. He was also very snccessfal in a caprice by Saint-Saens on ballet airs from Alceste deG'nolr, in whioh he produced a remarkable singing tone in tho themes. Mr. Blanket Greene highly pleased hie audience with bis vocal contributions to a most enjoyable concert. Tho pianos-@splendid instruments - were by Messrs. Steinway. Wellington Christmas Cattle Market. -Fine weather favoured the large numbers of buyers, farmers and others who attended the Wellington market on Thursday, The supply both ot oeasts and sheep w@. except@ ionally large and the quality was universally acknowledged to be excellent.-Best quality bee made from 10s 6d to 13s a score, and tbe prices realised for sheep was not above the average. Tbe prizs list was as follows -Best fat ox or steer, silver oup value £5, given by Mr E U Sanford-Mr J Kidnor. Fat ox or steer, silver cup value £3 3s given by Sir Alex Acland Hood, M.B., -Mr H Ewens. Fat heifer, silver cup value £3-1. Mr H Amery 2, Mr H Ewens. Best pen of five short wool fat wethers, prize of £2 2s-Mr H Ewens second prize one gainea. Mr H Ewens. The annual dinner was held at the King's Arms Hotel, and Sir Alex Acland Hood, M.P., presided and dis@ tributed the prizes@ Dawlish Local Board.-Tbe last meeting of tills Board was held on Thursday under the presidency of Mr. H. L. Friend in tho chair. There were also present Messrs J Manning, J B@Avanc, J Horsham, J H G Lamacraft, W C Tapper, E H Bayldon, E A Baradne, J Shapter. -The Medical Officer of Health Dr. Harvey reported that there was no notification of disease during tbe month and that the health of the town was very sat@hfactory.-Mr Charles Edmunds, baker, wrote calling atten@ tion to tho drains at the back of his premises in Stonkton-road. Owing to the recont flood he had bad a continual flow of water right through his yard, passages, house, and shop, and he had been compelled to dip it out in bucketfuls. The floods had spoilt 39s worth in canvas, mats, and carpets, for which he should ask the Boaid to pay compensation. This was the third winter he had sustained a aicilarlosS.-Mr.@Lamacraft said the drain was not large enough to carry away the surface water.-The Clerk said the Sanitary Authority was not lianle.-It was decided not to allow the claim, and, on the motion of Mr. Tapper, it was resolved that the Surveyor should see into the drain and report on the matter. -The Clerk said this was the last meeting of the Board, which had been in existence since 1860. He had been olerk to the body for ths lost twenty years, and daring that time he had always done all in his power for the Board, and he would in the future try to do his duty for the District Council.-The Chairman said all the members would join with him in expressing their thanks to tbe Clerk for the able manner in wblob he had discharged hi@ duties.-Mr. Avant spoke in a similar strain, and Mr. Wbidborne returned thanks and said he was exceeding obliged for the compliment.-Mr. A. Curtis, of Biermont-place, claimed 13s 6d for damage sustained through the recent flood', but it was not entertalneJ. Coal Merchants, T. B@ Puros'.l and Sons, High-street. To enjoy your Dinners, get your Join , kc., frem HUTCHINGS and SON, who supply ouly tbe Best Devcm Ox Beef aud Wether Mutton pro@ curable. The Best is Cheapest. Telephone No@ SO.-Adct. NEW@ARRIVAL -Apricot Jam Is, per 2lb glass at Eraser's, Loudon Inn Square, Exeter. Clear Your Houses, kc., Stone's Murici-@dine is the most Powerful Poison for destroying Mice, Rats, and other vermin. 31 0J. aud l. . Buckets of Chemists. Pro@ prietors Stone and Son. Exeter. - Adot. ■ t . -. ML W K. MooaB'g Hair-cutting Rooms are open from 9 a.in. to 7 p.m@@ and on Saturdays from 9 to 6 o'clock@ Reliable assistants and every attention pal'. t@ customers. 30, High-@stxast • -Adot. £125 Will be paid to the Legal Personal Representa@ tive of any person KILLED BY AN ACCIDENT OCCURRING TO THE RAILWAY TRAIN by which he or she may be travelling is an ordinary passenger within the limits of the Uaited Kingdom or @@@@@Will be paid to any such pas-W senger losing two limbs or two eyes, or a limb and an eye, as the direct result of such accident or @@@@@Will be paid to any such.pas@ senger losing one limb or one eye a@ the direct result of such accident. On the following conditions -1 That at the time of the accident the pas@ senger iu question had upon bis or her person a copy of the current iseue of Treu'Man's Exeter Flying Post. See footnote .' 2 That prior to the aecident tbe person in question had affixed his or her nsusl signature, written in ink or pencil, in the place provided. Sen footnote . 31 That notice of the accident be given to the Corporation guaranteeing this certificate within seven days of its occurrence. t That death or injury as aforesaid result within three months of tbe date of such accident. 5 This Insurance is limited to the payment of o@u of the above sums to any one person, and n@ person can claim in respect of more than one certificate. 6 The Insurance under this Certificate extends from tbe morning of the date of this paper to the Friday midnight following. Tho due fulfilment of the above Certificate is undertaken by THE GENERAL ACCIDENT ASSURANCE CORPORATION, LIMITED. An Annual subscriber in advance to Trtvman'i Exeter Etying Pott is Nor required to comply with Clauses 1 and 2 as to signing or carrying this Certificate, provided bis subscrip@ tion ha@ been paid and hi@ name has been regis@ tered at the publishing office of this paper-Exeter-and provided the subscription has not expired at the time of the accident. Ser.ic°i T DIUL ' - 10 30 - Mornin Service Boyce in c. Kyriu and Credo The dLu l8 ' r,it . aC6 preacher S.rm.n a .3' AfWrn 0 '' Service arc pllnn Bth ?-Attwood in C. 84 it ?? H , Wfal ' me -Spohr. Hymr 7 1. . 1 r 6endary Be.vton L'7!£5ay? , -Hymns, 88, 113,131 preacher Kov. W 1 Martlew. 6.30, Evening Ser i '-m.m. m r,-A,. , Baptist Chapel Bartholon. w-s eetl °. r in p S 8 V . Pray r Mee@@ K 10. School 10.45, Preaching Service pr, che@ Rev@ R. Francis newly elected Past r @wter-@noon, 2 30, School. 2.45. Men , I b •! , conducted by the Pastor. 6 30, @rca 'iin, Service preacher, Rev. K. Frauci, n wl@ elected Paetor . v Baptist Chapel South-street .-Chan. .Anniversary, 10.45. Morning Service preacher, Rev. D. P. McPherson@ B D subject, Christian Harvest Home. 6 3 Evening Service preacher. Hev@ D ' i McPherson, B.D., subject, The P-each@t ana the Chancellor. ht Bible Christian Chapel Northernha-in r st t '7. Mo - rmng ' J' 30 ' Prayer Meeting 10 45, Service. Evening, 5 45@ Pr@... Meeting 6.30. Service. 8 ' •' It. Signature of Holder-The annual sub@@wiption to TreVanarin Exrter Flying Post is 2s 2d or by post direct frofti the publishing ojjice, Exeter, 4@ 4d- Jf payment is made through a neiesaoent, his receipt must be forwarded to the publishi@m office for registration of the subscriber@s name ami address. -.il _ I'gC l'tiOMAS MAB7IN £ rOOK AND j HAKB jgROK@H 16, BEDFORD CIBCDg, IXHH CLOAKST LO@mON PtlOSS. Saeeial Dealiss ia Week ef Batlaad levestesea COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. 12.0 ■early al Markets opened steady, and departments mark a recovery. Goschen's Consols remain unaltered for @onev and account. Home Railways quiet but tbe tone is firm. Berthas, Doras, and Berwicks ba@r each gained @£ Brums, however, are i lower. The Foreign market is neglected and changes unimportant. Italians dull and have receeded 3-16. Argentine issues good. Funding Loan has risen @, Grand Tranks good in sympathy with Yankees. First Preference aud Guaranteed have advarcid 1, Seconds @, Thirds J, and Ordinary Stock @. Mexican and Nitrate Railways lifeless and quotations remain unchanged. American Railways good and prices have advanced in consequence of better advice@ from New York. New York Centrals mark a gain of 1@£ Denver Preferences and Milwaukces r. Canadas and Union Pacifies i, Ontario! J, Central Pacifice, Illinois, Centrals, Lo@msvilles, Missouri!, Norfolks, and Atchison Shares 1. Mining Shares are fairly steady. Chartered British 3d better at 42@ 6@1 Goldfields un@ changed at 3txd. STOCK A WO Sff AEE LC3 f Desoript'o of Btk Consol , Account tn6ia3paStUt44 Brighton A South But Df ... Metropolitan Cou Do DUtriotOr Chatham Or Oaledeaia Dt... llenfcSheffield A Great Eastern Or North British Ff Do 4 Df North Eastern Or Oraat Western Or Midland Or LAN Wast Or LAB WPf Or... De Df Or Hell k Barnsley Argntine6 pu ' # Do 6 p Faad Egypt UaDtt p 3r kl88t.... Morin so 8 ps Portugu■ sent pnit@res. Ships pass tbros ,k the 8' Cnrxl • ! the electric light in eight minutes u@@uo ■ hour . Without the light 31 hoc-a -minutes is the time usually required. London. Dr. Moore, in his work on Nose and i hroat Diseases, says The Glvceriue Jujubes prepared by James Epp@ and Co. arc ot undoubted service as a curative or pallative @gent, while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat und Ear in firmary, writes After an extended trial, 1 have found your Glycerine Jujubes of consider@ able beuefit iu almost all form@ of throat disease' The Durham miners have ngreed to th@ rules proposed for a Conciliatieu Boaid in Durham. Mr. Balfour has definitely decided not to accept the invitation of the Swansea Conser@ vatives to visit tbe town and speak next -•nth. HiOH-CLASS High-class High-class High-class High-class MoClWATTi Maxawattss Mazawattss Mazawaitss Mazawattss Co rev Cor.-VK Corytn Coe ft -Cor A . 1,4, 1,6, 1,8 and 8 - per 16 O f c ' ' Considerable progress has the great wheel which is to be th@@e feature of the Empire Court next year. Quite half the th circle kas been already tued. Xmas. Hamper ! Xmas. Ham nrs! DJUifflOUfi MAZAWAXTRE r Ab EJCUCIOUS M AZ A WATl'BE In g.lh A ut Bampari.aUPr' f Ot LkaULhO Gbqcbm Evebina-THE -A • The first wish the Lo held tbrouj Foil held in the will take W first meetij on thv 27tbj meeting is Sixty-one in, and ' e Major forty-one witbdrawin follows' land agent, p Baker, merchant, packer, tnl merchant, 5J 49 K J h.-l gcntlft mar v J YV T Snoerdd 42 C S demanded. The Rev following James Brel builder G yeoaoaE Hawking-farmer i I dairyman Maunder, R Martin,id X i .-rsNEsrl T rl ' W03LI ch • t '- !e Pro ! '•el cat H Jvxpu ' ' f l Ca j I ■'.rthoul ■ -, r l A 
[ GS_aligned] #### 2-Elizabeth Northam, St Sidwell, # 4-Margaret Wotton, St Martin, 64 5-Edi@th Spicer, St Matthow, 4 months Percy Underdown, St James, 21 months 6-@@William Roberts, St James, 59 7-@Emily Vinnicombe, St Sidwell. 3 8-@Samuel Marks, Holy Trinity, 79 William Marwood, St David, 33 Samuel Bryant, St Paul, 65 Violet L Rushmer, St Leonard, 1 month 1 ##################################################### from@ the Flying Post of Dec. 1. We lose the joys of nature And the blessed old-time lays, We cannot voice their music In the present battling days. We miss the holy commune 'Twixt the heart and life within The hallowed voice of @conscience-Is it silenced by the din ? The race of life is ardent. And torrid to its heat No @ﬂower of beauty lingers About those crowding feet. The weak hearts sink by thousands Beneath the surging throng, For in the world of con@ﬂict The victors are the strong. What if the dress of power Brings the novel crown of pain What if the place of vantage Hath a cross to weight the gain ? What if the golden image Cannot render what we ask-How fruitless all the e@ﬀort, And how bitter all the task. In striving for the magnet We lose the greater prize Of peace, and true contentment, Wherein real greatness lies. Wherein, then, shall we labour, But in trust, and to be free, With faith and hope to succour, And the Lord our destiny. ############## Heavitree, December 8th, 1@984. MORNING SUMMARY. King Christian of Demark is ill. A Council will be held at Windsor on Wednesday. Fifteen anarchists were arrested in Paris on Thursday. Mrs. H. Beerbohm Tree gave birth to a daughter yesterday. Thirteen Turkish o@ﬀicers have been appointed to various regiments in the Prussian Army. A Putney ########### wife has eloped with ## lodger, taking her ##### children and all the furniture. A daughter of Jabez Balfour, the wife of a well-known medical man at Croydon, has just given birth to a son. Mr. C. Downes, of Worleston. met with a serious accident whilst hunting with the South Cheshire hounds yesterday. M. Ferdinand de Lesseps, of Suez ### ##### died last evening at his chateau of La Chennaie, near Vatan. A Dutchman, who shot himself to avoid arrest and recovered from his injuries, has hanged himself in prison at Monte Carlo. Sebastopol and Simferopol have just been connected by telephone, which has been attached to the telegraph poles on the rail- way. The Sheri@ﬀ of Ayr has dismissed the petition of Mr. William John Fulton, who claimed the Earldom and estates of Eglinton. A mourning coach, two valuable horses, and a dozen sets of harness have been stolen from an undertaking @ﬁrm's premises in Mackney. M. Camille Dreyfus, an ex-deputy, manag- ing Editor of the @Nation, was arrested last evening in connection with the Paris black- mailing scandals. The Japanese are reported to have made themselves quite at home at Port Arthur, and to be on frie@ndly terms with the Chinese there. John Kenning, charged with stealing a seal cloak, value £800, the property of the Countess of Warwick, was yesterday sen- ###### to two months' hard labour. The Benchers of the Inner Temple have de- cided to print the MS. records of their Society, dating from 1,506, the twenty- second year of the reign of Henry VII., to the present time. At Ulster Assizes yesterday two game- keepers, named Deane and Lees, were sentenced to twelve and six months' imprison- ment respectively for having wounded two poachers Mr. Stoddart's team yesterday began a match at Brisbane against Queensland. The Englishmen were at the wicket all day, and scored 364 for four wickets. Mr. Stoddart con- tributing 149 and Ward 117. A deaf old lady of 70 was knocked down by a train near Carmarthen, the engine and three carriages passing over her as she lay between the lines, but with the exception of a scalp wound she was unhurt. Lord Londonderry, speaking in Marylebone last night, said the attack on the House of Lords was meant to divert attention from Home Rule, and repay the Nationalists by whose help the Government obtained o@ﬀice. The agitation was falling @ﬂat. At Chatham Dockyard at pay time yester- day afternoon, a @ﬁtter, named James Winning forgot his ticket and ran back to fetch it, when by some means he fell from the top gallery of t@he @ﬁtting shop, His head struck a drilling machine with great violence, his skull was fractured, and death was instan- taneous. At the North London Sessions yesterday, Ban@ﬁeld Lamb, who, it was stated, belonging to an old Devonshire family, and @ﬁve years ago succeeded to a fortune of £34,000, which had been squandered, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment with hard labour on a charge of stealing a watch and card case at Southsea. Will you vote for me at the election? asked a Swansea School Board candidate of a gentleman of his acquaintance. No I shan't be here, was the reply, But@ I'll tell you what I'll do-I'll lend you a trap. Will you ? cried the candidate enthusi- astically. Well that will carry more weight. -@Cardi@ﬀ Express At Leeds Assizes yesterday Mary Hopple- stone, 39, was charged with the manslaughter of her daughter, aged 12, at She@ﬀield, and was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment with hard labour. The girl had been out playing, and staying too long, the prisoner lost her temper, and threw a poker at the child. The poker entered the neck and the injury proved fatal. Mr. Asquith, addressing a meeting under the auspices of the @London Reform Union last night, said Lord Salisbury's sudden and enamoured advocacy of dividing up London into municipalities a might be #### buted not to his love of municipalities so much as his hatred of the County Connoil. With regard to the City, he denied that they would be guilty of con@ﬁscation. TORQUAY. Furnish your homes at the Excha@nge Mart Torquay. All goods carriage free, newor second hand. to suit all pockets.-Advt. Holloway's Coca Wine-The very thing for invalids Holloway's Coca Wine-A scienti@ﬁc product from Holloway's Coca Wine-Coca Bolivia @@Best Wine. Holloway's Coca Wine-@Magic restorer of nerve power. Holloway's Coca Wine-For young and old and delicate Ladies. H@@olloway's Coca Wine-None other ########################################### and Milton, Chemist, Exeter. Wilson, Ex- mouth, @c. Holloway's Coca Wine-Takes precedence of all similar ###################### NEWS. Mr. E. W. Hall died at his ######### Coker Court, Yeovil, on Monday. Miss Troyte, Huntsham @Court, has presented an altar frontal to Bumpton parish ############# Lieutenant E. C. Wren, 1st Devonshire Regiment, has been selected for duty at the Depôt, Exeter@@. The Rev. Canon Eyre, of Tiverton, has decided not to accept the living of Aston, Birmingham. The Rev. A. H. Reid, late of Torquay, has become successor to the Rev. W. Fergusson, of Ellen Free Church. Mr. James Lewis Wolferstan, of Blundell's School, Tiverton, has been awarded an exhibi- tion in mathematics at Worcester College. Hon. R. and Mrs. Butler and Miss Butler, of Nidd Hall, Yorkshire, are staying at Braddon Court, Torquay, for a few weeks. Mr. Charles Scotter, the general manager of the London and South Western Railway has undergone a successful operation for cataract. Ilfracombe Town Council on Monday decided to apply for power to borrow £4,202 19s 4d for extending the water mains, @@c. Mr. J. C. New, chairma@@n of the Tiverton Guardians, is to be entertained at a compli- mentary dinner by the members of the Board on the 17th inst. ################################# maining on the books last week, 596 admitted this week, 113-709 discharged cured, 44 bene@ﬁted. 62 no return, 4-110 Remain 599. The Rev. W. H. Smith, of Newton Abbot, has been presented with £10, subscribed by the Bible Christians of the Barnstaple Circuit as a recognition of his services during his stay amongst them. Mr. William Bolitho, manager of the Con- solidated Bank of Cornwall, and cousin of Mr. T. B. Bolitho, M.P., was found dead in bed at his residence, Ponsandane, near Penzance, on Sunday morning. The Earl of Rosebery has consented to receive an address from the Radicals of Salisbury and South Wiltshire, at Salisbury on the 10th inst., when he will pass through that city en route for Devonport. Mr. J Passmore Edwards has promised the Shoreditch Library Commissioners a con- tribution £1,000 towards the erection of their second library in Pit@ﬁeld-street as soon as they are ready to have the four datisn stone laid. This o@ﬀer will bring up Mr. Edward's donation to the Shoredith Library to ££5,250 and 1,000 books. A marriage has been arranged between Cecil Roy Saunders of Downs House, Hants, son of the late Andrew Saunders, B.A. Oxon, of Downs House, and Ada Maud, youngest daughter of the late Rev. William Twyne M.A. Cantab, for 28 years rector of Rayleigh, F.ssex, and also vicar of Whiteparish, Wilts. CONCERT.-The concert at the Working Men's Society's Room, Milk-street, on Monday evening, was on behalf of the fund for provid- ing a free tea to the aged poor. An excellent programme was contributed to by Messrs. H Rae, A and E Pitt, R Cundy, W and J White, S G Chase, Guest, Thorn, W Willey- Welsman, Punchard, and the Grecian Hand- bell Ringers. Before the Devonport magistrates on Wednesday, John Sweet, residing at Baker's- place, Richmond Walk, was summoned by his wife, Elizabeth, for assaulting her -There was a cross-summons against the wife for a similar o@ﬀence.-Mr. Bickle Bond, Pearce and Bickle appeared for the husband, and asked for an adjournment. Terms had been o@ﬀered, and an agreement was to be drawn up legally.-The case was adjourned for a week. Before the Mayor Mr J B James , Dr. G A Rae, Messrs J W @Ryder, R B Welch, W Peek, G T Rolston, G Thorne, and H Williams, at the Devonport Police Court on Wednesday Frederick Cole, grocer, George-street, was summoned at the instance of the inspector under the Food and Drugs Act Mr. G T Geaton @@for selling adulterated co@ﬀee in November last.-Mr. J P Goldsmith prosecuted.-Defendant admitted the o@ﬀence, and said his wife,who was not in the business, unfortunately sold it without the protecting label. He had no desire to evade the law. -The Mayor said the Magistrates were of opinion that it was not inadvertently, and in@ﬂicted a @ﬁne of 5s and costs. At the Higher Barracks, Exeter, on Monday ing a court-martial was held for the purpose of trying Private George Pring, of the Depôt Devon Regiment, for desertion, and losing by negleet, his clothing, @c@. The president was Major Spratt, the other o@ﬀicers present being Captain Johnstone Royal Artillery and Lieutenant Radcli@ﬀe Depôt Devon Rogiment . It appears that the prisoner deserted his regiment at Maker Fort, Plymouth, in April, 1893, and surrendered at Exeter on November 21st last. The sentence passed at that day's hearing will have to be sent to the Comman- dant for con@ﬁrmation, and will be made known in due course. At a meeting of the Burgesses of the Strand Ward held at the British Schools, Torquay, on Monday, under the presidency of Alder- man Bovey, it was decided to support the candidature of Miss Webb, of Meadfoot- villa, was one of the two guardians for the ward. It was proposed to accept the candidature of Councillor Wills as the other guardian. Another proposition was made in favour of Mr. Pridham.-@It was eventually decided to leave these two gentlemen to settle the matter between themselves, it being stated that Mr. Wills' nomination paper had been sent ##################### -Members of the Exeter Y@.M.C.A. gave their third annual gymnastic display at the Barn@ﬁeld Hall on Monday evening. The Right Worshipful the Mayor Alderman A. Steele-Perkins , who was accompanied by Miss Perkins, presided over a large attendance, and after referring to the great advantages of gymnastic exercises, said praise was due to their honorary teacher, who for two years had devoted so much time to their training with no hope of reward beyond the satisfaction of doing good service to his fellow creatures. It was not always pre@aching about others that did so much good as the silent in@ﬂuence of duty manfully and thoroughly performed. The gymnasts, before going through their drill, presented a bouquet to the Mayoress. ################################ -Bideford Conservative Association held its annual dinner at the Music Hall on Wednesday Major Kirkwood Chairman of the Associa- tion, presiding over a company of about 350 persons. After the usual loyal and patriotic toast. Mr. W. A. Roberts proposed Bideford Working Men's Association, which was acknowledged by Major Kirkwood, and Sir Cameron Gull Unionist candidate for the division in responding to the toast of the Unionist cause submitted by Mr. C. Garvice, said he thought they might con- gratulate themselves upon the fact that in all parts of the division the Unionist party was in excellent heart they had an excellent example a few days ago at Barnstaple, and they had another excellent example that night in that enthusiastic gathering. They had only one wish, and that was to @ﬁght their battle and the sooner they got the opportunity the better they would be pleased. Applause. They had leaders whom they could trust, and who could lead and they had a policy that re- quired no gentle handing to commend it to the people of this country, a policy aiming at the health and home happiness of the people, and at the peace and prosperity of the country. Their opponents had programmes without end, and perhaps the leading mark of their policy was the attempt to stir up class against class. They had leaders whom they followed, but who could not agree amongst themselves. He had been accused of saying at Watermouth that the Unionist party would repeal the Budget he had never said anything of the sort What did he say, and what he said now, was that it was most unwise in the present state of depression to place more burdens upon the land. With regard to Mr. Billson's ######## on the compensation ######################################################## at the Imperial Hotel, Torquay, for the winter. Dr. Hawkin, senior member of the Royal College of Surgeons, died at Lowell, Dorset- shire, this morning in his 99th year. The Oxford University Silver Cup for the best marksman in the company has been awarded to Mr. A. S. Scott, son of the Rev. W. Scott, of Exeter. Mr. H. A. Willey has presented to the trustees of the Bible Christian Chapel, Exeter, two handsome overhanging lamps for the doors of the Chapel. Mr. F. G. S. Taylor, son of Councillor T. Taylor, of Torquay, was on Monday married to Miss Alice M. Johnson, daughter of Mr. S. Johnson, borough treasurer. At a fortnightly meeting of the Loyal Fidelity Lodge, Manchester Unity of Oddfellows, at Barnstaple on Monday evening, Mr. A. Billson, M.P., was initiated an hon. member of the Lodge. The Duke of Bedford, in a letter to Mr. G. W. Holder, the promoter of a concert held in Peterborough last night on behalf of the Royal Agricultural Benevolent Institution, sent a cheque for one hundred pounds towards its funds On Monday at the Working Men's Society's Rooms Mr. Bishenden will give his complete lecture on Voice and Singing, including a short concert with songs and solos by his pupils, the Misses Cruttwell, Garnham, Wreford, and Mrs. Bishenden, Messrs. Chandler, Hitt, Ballan, and C. J. Bishenden. These singers will include four octaves of notes between them DEATH OF ######## G@EARE.-We regret to have to announce the death of Mr. John Gullett Geare, formerly of Paragon House, South-street. and afterwards of No. 1, Fair Park which event took place at the latter residence on Monday at the ripe old age of 86 years. The deceased was of a very charitable disposition, and most of the institutions of the city have bene@ﬁted by his generosity. The following were the scores made by the members of C and D Companies Exbourne , 4th V.B.D.R., who competed for the Sir Massey Lope's Cup and money prizes -Sergt F Lewis 94. Lnce-Corpl W Ward 92, Corpl W Letheren 89, Pte E Tucker 84, Corpl H J Ward 82, Major Biddell 81, Pte G Glanville 80. Pte J D Lewis 77, Corpl W S Lewis 76, Sergi Pearse 68, Colr-Sergt Weeks 68, Lnce- Corpl Rich 64. EXMOOR.-On Tuesday at St. James' Guilds' Schoolroom, Mr. H. Owen Scott gave his interesting and racy description of Rambles in the Lorna Doone Country. His remark were illustrated by a hundred beauti- ful photographic slides, depicting the most picturesque objects on and around Exmoor, and the entertainment was most enjoyable throughout. It is satisfactory to learn that the Funds of the Parish Rooms will be increased as a result by several pounds. ################################## -A gas explosion occurred in a second-hand furniture shop occupied by Mr. Shobrook, at Russell-street, Plymouth, on Thursday, blowing out the shop front and the windows of the @ﬁrst @ﬂoor. A large portion of the ceiling fell in and much damage was done to the furniture. The only personal injury was to a lady, who was passing at the time and re- ceived some nasty cuts from the @ﬂying glass. ##################### York-place, Coombe@ - street, yesterday, Mr. Coroner Hooper held an inquiry into the circum- stances attending the death of William John Scanes, aged one year and eleven months, who died on Thursday morning.-William Scanes, a warehouseman, residing at No. 6, York@-place, Coombe-street, identi@ﬁed the body as that of his son, who had recently been @suﬀering from measles.-Mrs. Mary Lee, who had nursed the child during the measles, said it died on Thursday about 4 a.m.-Dr. Brash deposed that death was due to con- gestion of the lungs after measles.-The jury returned a verdict of Death from natural causes. ##################################### last monthly meeting of the year was held on Thursday evening at the Guildhall, under the presidency of the Chairman of Committee. The prize money won locally was paid, and prize and commendation cards distributed. The chairman read letters from the judges at the recent show, and stated that many communications had been received from the hon. secretaries expressing great satisfaction at the show arrangements, the accurate re@turn of the exhibits, the prompt despatch of catalogues with the awards, and the artistie design and novel conception of the prize cards. Mr. H. Bazeley Starcross and Mr. E Northway Exeter were appointed auditors. Several notices of alteration of the rules were handed in, and will be decided at the annual general meeting to be held at the Guildhall on January 3rd. ################################# for the week ending 6th December, 1894 -Discharged patients Cured 7, bene@ﬁted 2, made out-patients 13, own request 1, died 1. Number of in-patients after the admission last Thursday 167, admitted during the week 14-181 dis- charged during the week 24, total in the house 157. At the weekly meeting of the committee, held this afternoon, the secretary reported the receipt of the following -Pheasants from Mr. Charles D. Cave books, @c., from the Religious Tract Society, dolls and articles of clothing from Mr. Albert J. Hamlin. Church collections-Sidbury £5 5s, Bidestowe £2 4s. New subscription-Rev. J. Loveband Francis £1 1s. Return of income tax £88 9s. The donations for the building fund received up to the present amount to £3,713 10s, further subscriptions being earnestly solicited. ############################################ ####### M. A., formerly of Sherwill Chapel, Plymouth, has died suddenly. At Exmouth Police Court on Wednesday-before General Rocke-Samuel Lear, tramp. was sent to prison for four days for hawking without a license. Mr. W. G. Peter, of the Castle of Exeter, and well known in the fowl world, was awarded a second prize at the Birmingham Show on Wednesday. Mr. A. Goulston, of Mont-le-Grand, Heavi- tree, has been elected a warden of the Worshipful Company of Curriers of London, and Deputy Halse the other warden. A marriage has been arranged between Lieutenant-Colonel Howard, Ri@ﬂe Brigade, and Gertrude, second daughter of Mr. Hugh Conyngham Boyd, of Woodside, Torquay. Mr. Thomas Tunstall, locomotive foreman at the Newton Railway Station for the past eighteen years, has resigned after forty-nine years' service on the Great Western Railway. Mr. M. S. Cox, headmaster of the Moreton- hampstead Boys' School, was on Monday pre- sented by the teachers and scholars with a revolving electro-plated cruet as a wedding gift. Mr. James Tucker, of St. Thomas, was on Monday installed W.M. of Semper Fidelis Lodge No. 1,254 , of Free- masons, at the Freemason's Hall, Gandy- street. ################## second competition for the Morris tube prizes took place on Tuesday evening, the following being the best scores -Private Cooper 35. Lance- Corporal Browne 34, Sergeant Easton 33, Color-Sergeant Dy@mond 31, Hon Member Baker 31, Private Westlake 28. At the Topsham Barracks on Thursday a court-martial was held for the purpose of trying Driver Smith, of the 56@th Battery Royal Artillery, on a charge of desertion and losing by neglect his clothes. Major Spratt was the president. and Captain and Adjutant Briggs 1st V.B.D.R and another o@ﬀicer of the Royal Horse Artillery were also present.-Sentence was passed, and will be made known in due course.-The sen- tence in the case of Private Pring, of the Devon Regiment, who was tried by court-martial a few days since for desert- ing at Maker Fort, has been made known. He is to be imprisoned for eighty-four days. ####################### -At the Sessions Wednesday, before Admiral Dawkins, Mr N Baker, Captain Hodge, and Major Turner.-George Weare was ##### 5s inclusive for allowing a horse to stray at Marldon on November 21st.-@John T. Hill, a young carpenter whose wages he said as improver, were 17s a week, was summoned by Emma Crispin to shew cause, @c. He admitted the paternity and was ordered to pay 2s 6d per week till the child is 16, and £2 1s expenses and advocates ſee.-On the charge of cruelty to a horse against John Bowden, on the application of Inspector Craigen, the case was adjourned to Brixham Sessions next Wednes- ###################################### ofSir Cameron said a Mr. Uran had remarked that after his t@he speaker's views upon compensation temper- ance friends would have nothing to hope for from such a candidate. He wondered what temperance friends had to hope for from Mr. Billson after his conversion ############## Applause. #################################################### the meeting of the St. Thomas School Board on Thursday evening, those also present being the Revs C D Blakiston and C H Williams, Messrs H B Varwell, J Stokes, and J Bates.-Messrs Stocker and Stokes were appointed the Visiting Committee for the month.-The auditor's report showed there was no de@@ﬁcit in the accounts.-Mr J Bates moved that the resolution passed in October that teachers' salaries be paid quarterly be rescinded, and that the salaries be paid monthly.-Mr. Stokes seconded, and the motion @was carried unanimously.-Mr Bates then moved that a meeting of the Board be held on the 25th of each month to draw cheques for that purpose, but this found no seconder.-Mr. Stokes moved, and Mr. Varwell seconded, that the cheques be signed at the Board's ordinary meeting. This was carried. A ######################## Tor- quay on Thursday, Frederick Morse, cab- driver, was summoned for assaulting John Grist in Torwood-street, Torquay, last Satur- day.-Mr S Shea appeared for the com- plainant, and Mr T B Eastley for the defen- dant.-Mr Shea asked that all witnesses be ordered out of Court. This was agreed to, and the ex-Mayor rose, amid considerable laughter, to go out, saying that he believed he was a witness@-Both sides, however, agreed that Mr Shrubb should remain.-The case for prosecution was to the e@ﬀect that on the day in question at the Torwood-street cab-stand, complainant was talking to defendant's daughter, when Morse called out to her to come away from him as he was a-scoundrel and ought to be in Exeter Gaol, Afterwards complainant protested against these remarks. A few words resulted Complainant remarked, I never took corn out of another man's stable.' Then the defendant rushed at him in a @ﬁghting attitude and knocked him down. Mr. Shrubb came along just then and endeavoured to make peace by suggesting that the men should shake hands. Com- plainant, however, said he could not do this. -In cross-examination, complainant ad- mitted that after the battle was over - laughter -@he did say as to the statement about taking corn that there was a man up behind who could prove it. John Vicary, a cabman, also give evidence. He said it was generally stated that there had been illfeeling between the parties. Morse did not strike Grist till he had been accuse@d @@of stealing corn.-At this point Mr. Eastley applied that his client be allowed to withdraw his ######## not guilty and substitute one of guilty and that he be allowed to address the Bench in mitigation. This course was agreed to, and after hearing a@n address from Mr. Eastley the Bench @ﬁned defendant £1 inclu- sive the costs amounting to 17s or fourteen days. Defendant ####################################### monthly meeting of the Exeter School Board was held on Thursday at the o@ﬀices, Mr. T. Andrew presiding. There were also present the Rev @W W Howard, Messrs R R M Daw, W H Dunn, W G Seager, J A Loram, and A J Mackey.-Mr. Howard reported that as instructed he had had a conference with Mr F J Harvey, of St. Leonard's-road, in regard to his proposal to give courses of lessons to teachers and pupils on Swedish drill, physical exercises, c., under the new code.-Mr Harvey was willing to instruct the teachers for £18 the year, and the scholars for £11 5s the @ﬁrst term, instruction being given once a week, and £5 each for the other two terms instruction once a fortnight.-It was decided to adopt the principle of a permanent teacher, and to refer the matter to the School Manage- ment Committee with power to appoint. THE ############################# was a crowded audience at the Rougemont Assembly Rooms on Wednesday at the piano and vo@cal recital given by Mr. Leonard Borwick and Mr. Plunket Greene, and the performances of the two gifted artists were received with the warmest demonstrations of approval. Mr. Borwick proved himself to be a pianist of great executive ability and power, and these qualities found no better expression than in Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody, for which he was recalled twice to the platform. He was also very successful in a caprice by Saint-Saëns on ballet airs from Alcoste de Gluck, in which he produced a remarkable singing tone in the themes. Mr. Plunket Greene highly pleased his audience with his vocal contributions to a most enjoyable concert. The pianos- splendid instruments -@were by Messrs. Steinway. ################################### -Fine weather favoured the large numbers of buyers, farmers and others who attended the Wellington market on Thursday, The supply both of beasts and sheep was except- ionally large and the quality was universally acknowledged to be excellent.-Best quality bee made from 10s 6d to 13s a score. and the prices realised for sheep was not above the average. The prize list was as follows -Best fat ox or steer, silver cup value £5, given by Mr E C Sanford-Mr J Kidner. Fat ox or steer, silver cup value £3 3s given by Sir Alex Acland Hood, M.P., -Mr H Ewens. Fat heifer, silver cup value £3-1. Mr H Amery 2, Mr H Ewens. Best pen of @ﬁve short wool fat wethers, prize of £2 2s-Mr H Ewens second prize one guinea. Mr H Ewens. The annual dinner was held at the King's Arms Hotel, and Sir Alex Acland Hood, M.P., presided and dis- tributed the prizes. ######################## last meeting of t@his Board was held on Thursday under the presidency of Mr. H. L. Friend in the chair. There were also present Messrs J Manning, J B Avant, J Horsham, J H G Lamacraft, W C Tapper, E H Bayldon, E A Paradoe, J Shapter. -The Medical O@ﬀicer of Health Dr. Harvey reported that there was no noti@ﬁcation of disease during the month and that the health of the town was very satisfactory.-Mr Charles Edmunds, baker, wrote calling atten- tion to the drains at the back of his premises in Stockton-road. Owing to the recent @ﬂood he had had a continual @ﬂow of water right through his yard, passages, house, and shop, and he had been compelled to dip it out in bucketfuls. The @ﬂoods had spoilt 30s worth in canvas. mats, and carpets, for which he should ask the Board to pay compensation. This was the third winter he had sustained a similarloss.-Mr. Lamacraft said the drain was not large enough to carry away the surface water.-The Clerk said the Sanitary Authority was not liable.-It was decided not to allow the claim, and, on the motion of Mr. Tapper, it was resolved that the Surveyor should see into the drain and report on the matter. -The Clerk said this was the last meeting of the Board, which had been in existence since 1860. He had been ##### to the body for the last twenty years, and during that time he had always done all in his power for the Board, and he would in the future try to do his duty for the District Council.-The Chairman said all the members would join with him in expressing their thanks to the Clerk for the able manner in which he had discharged his duties.-Mr. Avant spoke in a similar strain, and Mr. Whidborne returned thanks and said he was exceeding obliged for the compliment.-Mr. A. Curtis, of Piermont-place, claimed 13s 6d for damage sustained through the recent @ﬂoods, but it was not entertained. Coal Merchants, T. B. Pur@nell and Sons, High-street. To enjoy your Dinners, get your ###### @c., from HUTCHINGS and SON, who supply only the Best Devon Ox Beef and Wether Mutton pro- curable. The Best is Cheapest. Telephone No. 80.-Advt. NEW ARRIVAL.-Apricot Jam 1s. per 2lb glass at FRASER'S, London Inn Square, Exeter. ################## @c., Stone's Murici- dine is the most Powerful Poison for destroying Mice, Rats, and other vermin. 31 6d. and @1s. Packets of Chemists. Pro- prietors Stone and Son. ######################################## Hair-cutting Rooms are open from 9 a.@m. to 7 p.m., and on Saturdays from 9 to 6 o'clock. Reliable assistants and every attention pal@l to customers. 30, High- ############### £500 Will be paid to the Legal Personal Representa- tive of any person KILLED BY AN ACCIDENT OCCURRING TO THE RAILWAY TRAIN by which he or she may be travelling as an ordinary passenger within the limits of the United Kingdom or £250 Will be paid to any such pas-@ senger losing two limbs or two eyes, or a limb and an eye, as the direct result of such accident or £250 Will be paid to any such pas- senger losing two ############### as the direct result of such accident@ ############################################################### the pas- senger in question had upon his or her person a copy of the current issue of Tre@wman's Exeter Flying Post. See footnote .@ 2 That prior to the accident the person in question had a@ﬀixed his or her usual signature, written in ink or pencil, in the place provided. See footnote . 3@ That notice of the accident be given to the Corporation guaranteeing this certi@ﬁcate within seven days of its occurrence. 4 That death or injury as aforesaid result within three months of the date of such accident. 5 This Insurance is limited to the payment of one of the above sums to any one person, and no person can claim in respect of more than one certi@ﬁcate. 6 The Insurance under this Certi@ﬁcate extends from the morning of the date of this paper to the Friday midnight following. The due ful@ﬁlment of the above Certi@ﬁcate is undertaken by THE GENERAL ACCIDENT ASSURANCE CORPORATION, LIMITED. An ANNUAL subscriber in advance to Trewman's Exeter Flying Post is NOT required to comply with Clauses 1 and 2 as to signing or carrying this Certi@ﬁcate, provided his subscrip- tion has been pain and his name has been regis- tered at the publishing o@ﬀice of this paper-Exeter-and provided the subscription has not expired at the time of the accident. ############################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### ################################# Meeting 10, School 10.45, Preaching Service preacher Rev. E. Francis newly elected ###### After- noon, 2 30, School, 2.45, ############## conducted by the Pastor. 6.30, Prea@ching Service preacher, Rev. E. Francis newly elected Pastor ################## South-street ######## anniversary. 10.45. Morning Service preacher, Rev. D. P. McPherson, B.D subject, Christian Harvest Home. ### Evening Service preacher, Rev. D@. # McPherson, B.D., subject, The Preacher and the ##################################### ############################################ Prayer Meeting 10 45, Service. Evening, 5.45, Prayer Meeting 6.30, ########################################### annual subscription to Tre@wman's Exeter Flying Post is 2s 2d or by post direct fro@@m the publishing o@ﬀice, Exeter, 4s 4d. If payment is made through a ne@wsagent, his receipt must be forwarded to the publishing o@ﬀice for registration of the subscriber's name and #################################### @STOCK ########## @BROKER 16, BEDFORD CIRCUS, ############ LONDON PRICES. Special Dealing in West of Barland Invest@men COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. ###################### opened steady, ############### mark a recovery. Goschen's Consols remain unaltered for money and account. Home Railways quiet but the tone is @ﬁrm. Berthas, Doras, and Berwicks have each gained ¼. Brums, however, are ¼ lower. The Foreign market is neglected and changes unimportant. Italians dull and have receeded 3-16. Argentine issues good. Funding Loan has risen ½, Grand Trunks good in sympathy with Yankees. First Preference and Guaranteed have advanced 1, Seconds ¾, Third@ ⅜, and Ordinary Stock ⅛. Mexican and Nitrate Railways lifeless and quotations remain unchanged. American Railways good and prices have advanced in consequence of better advices from New York. New York Centrals mark a gain of 1¼. Denver Preferences and Milwaukees ⅞, Canadas and Union Paci@ﬁcs ½, Ontarios ⅜, Central Paci@ﬁcs, Illinois, Centrals, Louisvilles, Missouris, Norfolks, and Atchison Shares ¼. Mining Shares are fairly steady. Chartered British 3d better at 42s 6d. Gold@ﬁelds un- changed at 3¼xd. STOCK A@ND #################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################### postfree. Ships pass ######################### the electric light in eight minutes under # hours. Without the light 31 ############## is the time usually ########################################### Nose and @throat Diseases, says The Glycerine Jujubes prepared by James Epps and Co. are of undoubted service as a curative or pallative agent. while Dr. Gordon Holmes, Senior Physician to the Municipal Throat and Ear In- ﬁrmary, writes After an extended trial, I have found your Glycerine Jujubes of consider- able bene@ﬁt in almost all forms of throat disease. The Durham miners have agreed to the rules proposed for a Conciliation Board in Durham. Mr. Balfour has de@ﬁnitely decided not to accept the invitation of the Swansea Conser- vatives to visit the town and speak next ########################################################################################################################################################### 4, 1 6, 1 8 and 2 - per ######################### progress has the great wheel which is to be the # feature of the Empire Court next year. Quite half ###### circle has been already ﬁxed. Xmas. Hampers! Xmas. Hampers! ##################################### ##################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################################